 The action of Southern conventions and officialsin the work of reconstruction is indicative of a spiritwhich only needs to be "let alone" to bring backall the worst features of Southern domination. Mr.Seward expressed the opinion that reconciliationcould be effected by a judicious system of "pressureand persuasion"; but it is fully apparent that thetime has not yet arrived to relinquish the "pressure"portion of the operation. As a slight illustration of the strength with whichold habits cling to the reconstructionists, and of thetenacity with which they adhere to the old socialsystem, under a slight disguise, it may be mentionedthat the special commission appointed in South Carolinato draw up a code for the freed population ofthe State, have reported a long series of regulations,which are now under examination in the StateLegislature. The new code lays down that all havingless than seven eighths of white blood are to bedeemed persons of color. It gives to them the rightto hold property, real or personal, to sue and besued, and to have all such legal remedies as whitesare entitled to. It establishes the relation of husbandand wife among them, and that of parent andchild, but provides that the person contracting witha freedman is to be known as the master, and thefreedman as the servant. Children of freedmenmay be apprenticed by their parents to respectablewhite or colored persons until they are twenty-one,and the master is to be entitled to the services ofthe apprentice, may recapture him if be runs away,and may chastise him moderately, and is also toteach him some trade or occupation, and if there isa school within convenient distance, to send Urnfor six weeks, at least, in every year. The Daily Advertiser very pertinently suggeststhat the South Carolina people could save themselvesa world of trouble by merely repealing a partof their present legislation, and striking out thereference to color in the rest. Daily Advertiser President Johnson is manifestly of the opinionthat although much has been done towards therestoration of the insurrectionary States, much yetremains undone, and continued "pressure" isnecessary. At a formal interview with members ofthe North Carolina Convention on Friday, after expressinghis pleasure at receiving a copy of the Proceedingsof the Convention, and cordially reciprocatingthe conciliatory spirit they manifested in theiraddress to him, he added, significantly:— "The Convention of North Carolina bee nonemuch and well toward restoring that Slate to her propernational relations, hut something yet remains tobe done to render that restoration immediately practicable.An acceptation of the Congressional Amendmentabolishing slavery throughout the United Statesby the Legislature of North Carolina is, In my judgment,practically important to the successful restorntionwhich is so much desired by all. Without answeringspecifically the question you have proposed to me, itwill be sufficient to say that my action must depend uponevents, and that Mr. Holden will be again instructedcontinue the exercise of his functions as ProvisionalGovernor until be shall have been express y relievedby orders to that effect." There is still another significant indication thatthe President is not to be deceived by the attemptsof the old Southern aristocracy to palm off uponhim mere form for real substance. He has instructedthe Provisional Governors of his own appointmentto continue in office until be directs tothe contrary, showing that he does net mean to beso hasty in conceding everything to the unrepentantrebels, at they evidently flattered themselves hewould. "Works meet for repentance" he demandsnow, as be has demanded from the first, and be willbe satisfied with nothing less. The following is acopy of a telegram addressed to His Excellency. B.F. Perry, Provisional Governor at South Carolina,on Friday:— "Your letter of the 4th is Just new received. Whilemuch hue been done in South Carolina that is conduciveto pence and restoration, the President still thinksit is impossible to anticipate events. He expects,therefore, you will continue to exercise the dutiesheretofore devolved upon you m Provisional Governorof South Carolina until you shall be relieved by hisorder. He observes with regret that neither theState Convention, nor the Legislature, has pronouncedthe debts and obligations contracted in the name ofthe State for unconstitutional and even mutinous purposesto be void. He equally regrets that the Stateseems to decline the Congressional an endment of theConstitution of the United States abolishing slavery.I telegraphed to you yesterday as follows: 'The President directs me to write to you that asearly adoption of the Congressional amendment of theConstitution of the United Stales abolishing slavery bythe South Carolina Legislature, is deemed peculiarlyImportant, and especially desirable with reference tothe general situation of the Union.' I have now only to say that the President's opinionsbefore expressed remain unchanged. WILLIAM H. SEWARD. The country will hail, with the greatest satisfactionand admiration, these manifestations of firmness,discretion and justice, on the part of the President,serving, as they do, to strengthen and confirmthe confidence which the people have reposed inhim.—Salem Register. Salem Register. 
