 The President was visited, last week, by a delegationfrom the North Carolina Convention, asking twounreasonable things, viz: that he should issue a proclamationdeclaring the State of North Carolinapractically restored to the Union, and that he shoulduse his influence to secure the repeal of the test oath,as soon as Congress comes together. It should beremembered that the day before, a State election washeld in North Carolina, and that the returns fromtwenty-one precincts that Gov. Holden hadbeen outvoted by his rebel opponents by nearly twoto one, and that every Union candidate for Congressin the State who could take the oath had bee defeatedUnder the circumstances the mission ofthese North Carolina gentlemen to Washingtonseems to be to induce the President to extend rifeprotection of United States authority over that politicalusurpation which carried the State out of theUnion, and to secure the immediate recognition ofits representatives as against those who kept thefaith and remained loyal. The President's replygave them no encouragement. But even if NorthCarolina had done all that the President asked ofher, and had favored the choke of representativeswhole presence at the capital would not have beenan insult to every patriot there, the application ofsuch a role as they asked for would have been equallyimpracticable. Take Virginia, for example.She had the then of a loyal before therebellion collapsed. It was at once recognized asthe lawful provisional government of Virginia, afterthat event transpired. Whatever has been done towardresenting friendly relations with the Union hasbeen done under he auspices. Yet of the eightmembers elect to the nest Congress, fear only areeligible under existing laws. Those who are ineligiblewere elected with the fall knowledge of thattact, and with the expectation that they could successfullydefy the law. Mississippi is in a still worsecondition. It is well known that Judge Fisher, theUnion candidate for Governor, was defeated by arebel General. Four of the five representatives onsetI were either officers is the rebel army, or hold importantcivil trusts order the confederate usurpation.Or take Louisiana. There are some who regardthis State as a kind of New Atlantis, and Gen.Banks insists upon having its representatives admittedwit host inquiry and in defiance of all generalprinciples. Bat bow does Louisiana stand? TheState election took place there last Tuesday. Gov.Wells, the incumbent, was re elected. Bat the rentof his ticket was made up of unequivocal and unrepentantrebels to the last. The rebel Gov. Allen,who is now a fugitive is Mexico, and, if the dispatchesare true, allegiant to Macmillan, wasbrought into the Bold at the last moment, and if theelection hail been deferred a week later, the defectionfrom Gov. Wells's supporters would have beenfetal to his hopes. The disloyalties is Mew Orleansboldly and namely organized a party to advancehis interests. "The idea that Gov. Allen is ineligible,"they said, "is entirely erroneous. The takingof the oath of allegiance will qualify him to acceptany office whatever. He requires neither presidentialpardon nor amnesty. Rally, then, round thestandard of that Bayard of too South, Unary WatkinsAllen! Let the good work go as!" Theyoung chivalry of the city and country, which hadscarcely yet discarded its traitor Uniform, leaguedtogether to bring back the fugitive as the executivebead of their Commonwealth. Their organ in NewOrleans, speaking like the Richmond journalistswhen the war was at its highest, warned the u enemies"of Theory Watkins Allen that if they persistedin running counter to the broad and deep currentsof human nature—whatever that aught amen—they were destined to he overwhelmed. Withsuch as element as this rampant in Louisiana, andsore to triumph the moment the general governmentgives way to this audacious Southern pressure, it istie less than sedition to ask that the only tests ofloyalty shall be repealed, nod toe mild restraint ofthe central government removed. These States arethe moat advanced of thorn which have gone throughthe forum of reorganization. What, under such circumstances,would the repeal of the test oath be butoffering a premium upon treason, and inflicting; stillanother blow upon that stricken loyalty which is noSouthern State has yet dared to 'raise its head?—Worcester Spy. Worcester Spy. 
