 ☞In Kentucky the split in the PresbyterianChurch grows wider. The contest between theloyal and disloyal increases in fury and bitternessThe immediate eases of tins food was the declareadapted by the Presbyterians of Louisvillecondemning the loyal utter amen of the GeneralAssembly. Upon the matting of the Synod lastweak at Louisville. this action was brought up bySynod. Dr. Breckinridge charged that the declarationof the diplomatists is heretical schismatical, contemptuous,defiant and is open rebellion to thePresbyterian Church and that either he (Dr. B.) orthe authors of that documents must go out of theSynod. The contest will be fierce, and it is apprehendedthat the disloyal party will sustain the actionof the Louisville Presbytery. This would carrythe matter up to the General Assembly whichmeets in St. Louis next may In any event adivision on the Presbyterian Church in Kentuckyseems inevitable. NORTH CAROLINA Election. The RaleighProgress of Saturday last says that not a single theof the candidates elected in North Carolina for Congresscan take the oath. As to the gubernatorialelection and the sentiment of the people of theState as a majority the same paper says:— ORTH AROLINA Progress But few returns have been received from distantcounties, and the Governor's election is in doubt.Mr. Worth leads Governor Holden in the railroadtowns with which we can communicate by wire,but as most of these were known to be strongly secesh,no other result was expected. The rural districtsit is thought especially in the west will golargely for Governor Holden and if so he will beelected. The Vance and Davis leaders fused andmarshaled their forces against Governor Holden asthey would against any other man who had denouncedthe war and the Confederate leaders and hence thelarge vote against them. If Governor Holden isbeaten the same men who have don it would votefor Jefferson Davis or Zebulon B. Vance againstAndrew Johnson, There must be a great change of heart in NorthCarolina before Andrew Johnson as a candidatefor the Presidency can carry it against any prominentleader in the rebellion who may oppose him.We feel confident that it is but too true that a majorityprefer to vote for a rebel hero to an ultraunconditional Union man. These things are unpleasantto those of us who want civil law and aplace in the Union but as they are true we owe itto ourself to state them. The whole people werevery loyally disposed, apparently in May and June,when the bristling bayonets of many battalions gavethem gentle and constant reminders of the necessityof good behavior; but as the pressure was withdrawn,the disaffected became more and more insolent,until now, men, women, and children onbended knees are imploring Andrew Johnson torestore to them their darling pot Jefferson Davis.These infatuations may be sweet and pleasurablenow, but if we mistake not they will become terriblybitter before the March winds shall have ceasedtheir requiems. We regret to speak thus but widespreadand increasing disaffection complete us to doit. The supporters of Wade Hampton and Mr.Worth are the enemies of Andrew Johnson, andwill be as long as he is the enemy of treason, andfoe to traitors; and when the time comes when theycan strike him a blow, they will do it." 
