 The Democratic party has now so NorthernState; the Republican, no Northern adversary.What's day brings forth! The election demonstratedthat the strongest party ever known to Americaspolitics could be crumbled like a great rockinto fine dust. The overthrow is final. And as thePrince of Orange laid his band upon the corpse ofCharles V. and exclaimed, "Dead ? Then let itremain dead!" so be it said of a party that struckat Liberty and destroyed itself! Mouldering in the same grave is the last cowardlyexcuse of the Republican party against lifting thebanner of Equal Rights! For three months past, mild-mannered gentlemenhave accosted us at street corners, saying, "Bewarelest you rend the Republican party.'" To whomwe now reply," Beware lest the Republican partyrend you!" The grandest sign of the times is, thatAmerican liberty is growing stronger than anyAmerican party. Political equality is now no longerproclaimed by only a few voices crying in the wilderness.The finest minds, the warmest hearts, thestoutest wills, chosen from all the nation, are gatheringday by day, like men at a bugle-call, and marshallingthemselves into a Knighthood for the Rightsof Men. This it the party of the future. Its spiritis progress; its creed is justice. It shall expressthe people, and govern the government. Its victorywill not tarry, for its battle will end at noon-day.The man who will not say Equal Rights shall nothave the next presidency. The party that will notrepeat the cry shall not inherit the next administration! you The slave, a man; the man, a citizen; the citizen,a voter! Is this high ground? No. It is the lowest possibleground—the letter A in the alphabet of Democracy.Faintly is a man baptized into the spirit ofAmerican ideas, who does not recognize the principleof Equal Rights as inherent in our institutions,How momentous a practical issue hangs now uponaccepting or resisting this single principle! Fourmillions, citizens of the Republic, am denied thosecivil rights which all the other millions enjoy. Shallthis nation now make to these sufferers a restitutionof their rights, or shall it continue its robbery?This is the pith of the question. What a commentaryon American liberty, that this should be aquestion at all, in such a country, and in such anage! To recognize the sacred rights of human natureought to be as easy as to breathe. Neverthelesshow staggering a labor it is to some Republicans! But if the Republican party refuses to stand forEqual Rights, then for what purpose shall that partycontinue to exist? In years past, political parties have been formedon questions of tariffs, or banks, or internal improvements,or other issues of civil economy. But, inthis generation, no political party can prosper exceptthrough the animating vitality of a moral principle.The Republican party never won a victoryexcept by borrowing strength from the enthusiasmexcited by moral principles. It won its late victoriesnot by reason of its political schedules, but of itsmoral principles—for the platforms in the variousStates only half expressed the convictions of the people.Every orator who addressed a Republicanaudience during the late political campaign bearstestimony that the pulses of the people were everywherefor Equal Rights. When Mr. Beecher sat ina private box of the Brooklyn Academy of Music,at the late stupendous meeting addressed by Loganand Kilpatrick, he witnessed the wholesome spectacleof half his congregation cheering the very oppositeviews which be recently preached at Plymouthchurch. "Resolved," said the Democratic platformof New Jersey, "that we emphatically approvePresident Johnson's policy, and emphatically opposeNegro Suffrage." To which New Jersey respondedat the ballot-box, saying, "Even I a half-repentantsinner, will not discredit myself by an Amen." The former aims of this Republican party areended. Did it advocate the non-extension of Slavery?That was accomplished. Did it advocatethe prosecution of the war? That was accomplished.Did it advocate the Proclamation ofEmancipation? That was accomplished. Did itadvocate the Constitutional Amendment? Thatwas its crowning appeal. All these issues are nowof the past. They do not survive. If now the Republicanparty accepts no new principle, it willhave none at all, if it have none at all, it will perish.Are we the friends, therefore, or the enemies of thatparty, when we warn it against its own destruction? A national party must have a national issue.The next issue before the nation is Equal Rights.The Republican party cannot escape it. If thePresident shall decline it, then Congress must acceptit. If Congress shall decline it, then the next Presidentialcanvass will lay it at every man's door fora verdict. The only present hope of a revival ofDemocratic ascendancy is this: If the rebellionsSlates be speedily readmitted without Equal Suffrage,and if Suffrage become the next Presidentialquestion, the entire South will coalesce with thedying Democracy of the North, and struggle to repossessthe Government. It rests with the Governmentto determine in advance whether the elevenreconstructed States shall, in the next Presidentialdebate, be Democratic or Republican. If the negroesvote in South Carolina, that State will beRepublican; if only their masters vote, it will beDemocratic. Thus the Government may fan againto a flame the old hostility between North andSouth. Is it not folly to suffer such a reconstruction?But is not such a reconstruction inevitable.unless the Republican party make haste to set theDeclaration of Independence back to its originalplace as the center-stone of the Union? In thedays of our fathers, black men voted in every State ofthe Union except South Carolina. Had they thenvoted in South Carolina, there had been now nodisrupted Union, with its two halves quarrellingever the negro. Let it never be forgotten that theConstitution of the United States was ratified by thevotes of black men, as well as of white. If NegroSuffrage was a law respected by our fathers, shall itbe a bugbear feared by their sons? Has modernConnecticut reversed her ancient example? TheGovernment cannot quote Connecticut! That Statewent astray because the Federal Government misledit. The Federal Government, therefore, can find.not excuse, but condemnation, in the bleating ofthat wandering sheep! Suppose New Jersey hadgone Democratic, and refused to ratify the ConstitutionalAmendment. Would the President havebeen allowed to say "I cannot require the SouthernStates to accept what a Northern Stats rejects?"Let Connecticut grind her nutmegs and negroes,and let the Federal Government reconstruct theUnion on a foundation of Justice, In New Englandto be copied as a pattern? Then let her five States,and not her sixth he the exemplar! The Southhas need, not of New England's faults, but NewEngland's virtues. black men voted in every State ofthe Union Constitution of the United States was ratified by thevotes of black men Meanwhile, on with the agitation! God forbidthat any man shall over keep quiet in this country,till he has his civil rights! Four millions Americancitizens now say to the Government; "When othermen were traitors, we were loyal; when others wereyour enemies, we were your friends; but no youhonor your assassins, and dishonor your protectors;you reward disloyalty with civil privileges, andfidelity with disfranchisement. Wherefore we protestbefore Mankind and God!" Shall this protest be heeded or scorned? Whiteand Anglo-Saxon, we refuse a white and Anglo-SaxonRepublic! The Republic is for all its citizensalike. So we add our voice to swell louderthe appeal of the oppressed. Let the cry be heededby the President, by Congress, by the Republicanparty. But if by none of these, what then? Then"shall not God avenge His own elect, which cry dayand night unto Him, though he bear long with them? Itell you he will avenge then speedily!"—Independent. shall not God avenge His own elect, which cry dayand night unto Him, though he bear long with them? Itell you he will avenge then speedily!" Independent. 
