 The National Committee of the United "Turners"of America are circulating the) fallowing positionfor signatures, to be presented at the amusingsession of Congress. To the Honorable the Senate and House of Representationof the United States;—The undersignedcitizens of —————, State of —————,respectfully submit for the consideration of yourhonorable body:— To the Honorable the Senate and House of Representationof the United States 1. That the people, viz: the inhabitants of thelate rebellious districts, having by their own actsvacated, overthrown and forfeited their rights ascitizens and an State organizations, and having, byact of Congress, been declared alien enemies, haveas yet no right, and are improper persons, to berepresented in Congress. 2. That the policy of the Executive, in assumingto restore civil authority through military governments,without the aid and advice of Congress, iscontrary to the spirit of our institutions. 3. That it is the right and duty of Congress atthe earliest possible moment to assume control overthe late rebellious districts, and to provide provisionalgovernments for the name, in order that civil authoritymay be restored at an early period, and atruly republican form of government be guaranteedto every State. That before recognition of the late rebelliousdistricts as States, and their admission to the NationalCouncils, a due regard must be had for therights of the loyal people, and for security for thefuture, which cannot be obtained by oaths. 5. That while we may renounce indemnity forthe past, irreversible guarantees for the future mustbe insisted upon, and should be obtained before readmitting rebels to equal rights with loyal persons. 6. That the States actually co-operating and supportingthe national government, as represented inCongress and in Legislatures, constitute at all timesa constitutional quorum to make laws and to amendthe Constitution, any number of ex-States, havingno constitutional representatives and legislatures,notwithstanding. 7. That emancipation is not complete as long asthe black codes exist. Therefore, your petitioners pray that your honorablebody immediately take measures to provide provisionalcivil governments for the late rebellious districts,and, as security for the future, to exact irreversibleguarantees, among which should be:—TheUnity and Sovereignty of the Republic; Enfranchisementand Equality before the Laws; Securityof the National Debt; The rejection of the RebelDebt; Compulsory Education; National peace andtranquillity by Impartial Suffrage. And your petitioners will ever pray. 
