 STATE OF TENNESSEE, EEXECUTIVE DEP'T, NASHVILLE, Nov. 13. TATE ENNESSEE EXECUTIVE EP'T ASHVILLE Editors Cincinnati Gazette:—In your paper of Saturday,I find this notice:— Editors Cincinnati Gazette: "Gov. Brownlow was robbed of $500 and his watchby some highwaymen near Nashville, while he wasriding out with Hon. Horace Maynard, on Fridayevening." This is a mistake. It was my son, the AdjutantGeneral of the State, who was riding in a buggy witha son of Horace Maynard. I am too prudent a manto ride out on any road leading from or coming intoNashville, other than a railroad. This whole countryabounds in thieves and robbers, any of whomwould murder a man for his watch or for a $5 bill.Despite of all the vigilance exercised by the civiland military authorities, murders and robberies areof daily occurrence—both in Nashville and the surroundingcounties of Middle Tennessee. As loudand as numerous as are the complaints against EastTennessee by the papers of Nashville and a certainclass of politicians, there are five of these outragesperpetrated in Middle Tennessee to every one thatoccurs in the eastern division of the State. To becandid, there is almost as much disloyalty in MiddleTennessee now, as there was in 1861. And this ison of the whole South, minus the number of disloyalmen who are under ground! Tennessee is in amuch better condition than any one of the secededStates, and she has great room for improvement.Six or seven out of her eight representatives in Congressare true and loyal men, and for the good of theState and nation, I should like to see them admittedto seats in the approaching session. But this I cannotsay of the other Southern States. They will notelect loyal men to Congress, nor can a loyal man beelected Governor of one of those States. Their conventionsand legislatures are overwhelmingly rebel,and will be for years to come. Their candidates forGovernor, Congress and the Legislature, as well asfor county offices, urge their claims for votes on theground that they had done all in their power to aidthe rebellion. They are for assuming the rebel wardebt, and they are for legislating Northern men outof the South! In a word, the rebels of the South have by nomeans abandoned his long-cherished idea of separatingthe government. They are looking to thisend; and more, they are organizing with a view tothis result. They do not propose to dissolve theUnion by the use of the sword and bayonet. Theyhave tried this in a wicked war of four dreary years,and signally failed. Their purpose is to accomplishtheir infernal plans through the ballot-box in Congress,and they look to the copperhead democracyand other Northern traitors to aid them. ThankGod, the recent elections at the North have blastedtheir hopes for the present, and taught them that thereal people, the loyal masses of the great North, areall right! My hopes for the future are in the goodness, theobstinate loyalty and determined purposes of the republicanmajority in Congress. I pray God theywill not admit rebels into Congress indiscriminately,because they have taken the amnesty oath, or obtainedthe Executive pardon. As President Johnsonsaid, let them occupy the back seats for a fewyears. I am one of those at South who believe thiswar has closed out two years too soon! The rebelshave been whipped, but not whipped enough. For saying these things, I expect to be abused byall rebel papers South, and by all treacherous sheetsat the North. Let them say out; I am able to standtheir abuse. I am for the American Union, regardlessof the late of actions, the war of parties, or themalice of individuals. I have the honor to be, very truly and sincerely, W.G. BROWNLOW. 
