 Congress, by a two-thirds vote in either House,has initiated, an already twenty-five States haveratified, by a majority vote in either branch of theirrespective Legislatures, the following importantAmendment to the Federal Constitutions:— SEC. 1. Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude,except as a punishment for crime, whereof theparty shall have been duly convicted, shall exist withinthe United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction. EC. SEC. 2. Congress shall have power to enforce thisArticle by appropriate legislation." EC. The States which have thus far ratified this amendmentare as follows:— Illinois, Feb. 1, 1865. Rhode Island, Feb. 2. Maryland, Feb. 3. Massachusetts, Feb. 3. New York, Feb. 3. Pennsylvania, Feb. 3. West Virginia, Feb. 3. Michigan, Feb. 2. Maine, Feb. 7. Ohio, Feb. 8. Kansas, Feb. 8. Minnesota, Feb. 8. Virginia, Feb 9. Indiana, Feb. 12. Nevada, Feb 16. Louisiana, Feb. 17. Missouri, Feb. 24. Wisconsin, Feb. 28. Vermont, March 9. Tencesser, April 5. Arkansas, April —. Connecticut, May 4. Iowa, June 30. New Hampshire, June 30 SOUTH CAROLINA, Nov. 13. OUTH AROLINA South Carolina having thus given the ball a freshimpetus, we may confidently expect to see it fartherimpelled by several of the States which reluctantlyfollowed her into the Rebellion which dug the graveof the "peculiar institution." New-Jersey—whoselate Legislature was induced to reject the Amendment—has in consequence chosen one which illsurely and speedily accept it. So, e trust, willOregon and California. Delaware would probablydo likewise, now that her soldiers are at home oncemore, if a new Legislature were now to be chosen;she will do it, if needful, next year. But it will not be needful. Even if we count Coloradoa 37th State, and thus render twenty-eight.States requisite to perfect the ratification, the numberwill soon be made up. We should gladly celebratethis consummation on our approaching Nationalthanksgiving; but, if the privilege be thendenied us, we can wait a little, not doubting thatthe end is secure. not South Carolina, it ill be noted, hesitated to ratifyuntil spurred thereto by a sharp message from thePresident through the State Department—not becauseshe had any lingering hope of being enabledto retain or restore slavery in name, but from disliketo sec. 2 of the Amendment, and apprehensionthat it would be held to bar her enactment or retentionof any such "Black Code" as her late rebelsstill hanker after. The grounds of her reluctanceto ratify are very fairly set forth in a recent RichmondEnquirer as follows:— Enquirer "But the Constitutional Amendment has not beenadopted, because the people of Virginia will not consentto give to Congress the right to legislate for and controlany part of her people. This may be State rights, andas such, may be very obnoxious to the Radicals. But,suppose the State persists in her refusal, what then?Gov. Pierpont is not a Provisional Governor; he is aGovernor by election. Virginia has her Legislature,not by the grace of President Johnson, but by theprovisions of the Federal Constitution. Her peopleare in the Union, though her Representative may notget into Congress, and her people can live outsideof Congress. It is a matter of opinion andchoice, whether or not a State shall ratify the Amendment;if it is compulsory, it is not binding, or it isbinding only so long as force compels a pretended acquiescencein it. If the force is to be always exerted,then the Constitution is destroyed, and the RepublicanGovernment a failure." the people of Virginia will not consentto give to Congress the right to legislate for and controlany part of her people. The Enquirer seems ignorant of the fact that the(loyal) Legislature of Virginia did ratify the Amendmentlast winter, so that no further action is requiredof that State. It is now desired only that afew more of the same sort shall follow her excellentexample. Enquirer did But, presuming the success of the Amendment assured,ho much shall it be held to mean? The N.Y. Times—which is currently believed tobe occasionally inspired from the State Department—says of the recent action of South Carolina:— Times "It will be noticed that the Legislature hesitatedin its action, not from any desire or purpose to retainor restore slavery, but because it feared Congressmight, under the second clause of the Amendment,claim the power to legislate for the negroes after theirfreedom had been established. Gov. Perry presentedthis matter to the President, who replied, through theSecretary of State, that he regarded it as 'querulousand unreasonable.' The President holds that Congress,under this clause, has no power to make lawsconcerning the negroes, except for the purpose of carryingtheir emancipation into effect. After they arefree, Congress can do nothing except to maintain theirfreedom. With this explanation, the Legislature tookprompt action on the subject, and ratified the Amendment." after emancipation The Press (Philadelphia) has an "Occasional"Washington letter from its editor (Col. Forne) onthis subject, which says:— Press "The reluctance of the original seceders to sanctionthis drastic and searching Amendment, illustrated inthe South Carolina Legislature, a few days ago, wasproduced by the fair construction given to the secondsection of the new Article. The South Carolina leaderssaw that their slaves were not only set free by theConstitutional Amendment, but that Congress asempowered to legislate to 'enforce' the universal decree.They were not misled by the aboard theory,been f some weak or scheming brain, that under thesecond section, they could apply to Congress for remunerationor compensation for their 'property!'the legislation of Congress is to 'enforce' abolition—to perfect emancipation—not to pay the old slave-masters.And when Mr. Seward telegraphed to Gov.Perry that his objections to this sections were 'querulousand unfounded,' he scent that the duly of Congresswas too plain to require on interpretor." fair construction he scent that the duly of Congresswas too plain to require on interpretor. We hold the Press entirety right in the premises,and trust it faithfully reflects the views of the Presidentof the United States, The ConstitutionalAmendment aim at the absolute, unconditional abolitionof slavery throughout the United Stares; butit does not atop here. Hitherto, the personal libertyand civil rights of each citizen were held and enjoyedunder the protection of the Stales respectively;hereafter, their are to be upheld and guarded bythe Nation. Hitherto, a State might cruelly oppressany portion of her own people; hereafter, Congressu charged win the duty of protecting in the fall enjoymentof his liberties each inhabitant of our country,and clothed with the power requisite to its fulfillmentof this high obligation. Ours must henceforthand forever be a Union of Free States and aNation of Freemen, or Congress will be grossly delinquentand culpable. Gov. Perry's objection tothe second section of the Constitutional Amendmentmay, indeed, have been, "querulous and unreasonable,"since it is unwise to resist the inevitable or toobject to the strongest possible guaranties of individualand general liberty; but we cannot regardhis construction of the great Amendment as strainedor illogical. If Congress shall forbear to "legislatefor the negroes," or for others, it will so forbearsimply because the States act so wisely and justlythat no farther legislation is needed.—.N.Y. Tribune. Press N.Y. Tribune. 
