 When Captain Isaiah Rynders essays to breakup anti-slavery meeting in this city. it is well understoodthat he acts for political effect, and with aview to political reward. His Marshal ship underMr. Buchanan was well earned. The broadclothrioters at Tremont Temple and Music Hall in Bostonwere avowedly actuated by political motives,—to pacify the South and save the Union,—thoughthey themselves would be mobbed at the South, asProfessor Mitchell was threatened, if they shouldthere declaim in behalf of the Union. As Mr. Buchanan is about to retire from office,and the Southern dynasty at Washington is drawingto an end, it is difficult to see what political rewardthe Boston rioters can hope for, unless it shallbe the meager consulships that the Southern Confederacymay seek to establish in Northern ports,Perhaps, however, a continued interest in Southerntrade would be as satisfactory to these rioters andtheir backers as any political promotion. It is apity that they should work without pay; and thatthey may not fail of some reward, we give themthe gratuitous benefit of a conspicuous advertisement. The leading rioter at Tremont Temple, the Ruddersof the day, was Richard S. Fat who hailsfrom Lynn, but is said also to have a house onBeacon street, Boston. It was no more respectable,and no less contemptible, for Richard S. Fayto usurp the direction of a meeting called by others,and to insult Mr. Frederick. Douglass, than it wasfor Isaiah Rynders to do precisely the same thingat the old Tabernacle in this city, a few years ago. The chief ally of Richard S. Fay, was JAMESMURRAY HOWE, of Brookline. All the reports ofthe riot at the Temple agree in making this Fayand Howe the ringleaders of the rioters. Henceforthlet them be recognized and remembered assuch. But as the names of Fay and Howe areborne also by gentlemen of respectability and characterin Massachusetts, these two rioters should becarefully identified by their Christian names andtheir places of residence. The Boston correspondentof the Tribune adds quite a list of secondarynames; but as the reward of the riotersmay be too small for subdivision, the credit of theaffair should go in the first instance to Richard S.Fay, of Lynn, and James Murray Howe, of Brookline.With such competitors, Rynders must lookwell to his standing with the South. The kidnappingof John Thomas was hardly so illustrious adeed, as the forcible ejection of Mr. FrederickDouglass from a hall hired and paid for by his personalfriends. When the 'Union Men of Boston'undertake the violent suppression of free speech,the old Empire Club of this city must look well toits laurels.—New York Independent. AMES URRAY OWE Tribune Richard James Murray New York Independent. 
