 Our readers have all of them read before nowthe details of the farcical attempt of the BostonBrokers to break up the John Brown Meeting inthe Tremont Temple on the 3d inst. We say farcical,for though their good will was bloody enough,they had not the pluck to reduce it to act. Theywould have been very glad, no doubt, if some oftheir Irish accessories bad assassinated Mr. Phillipson his way home from the evening meeting, butthey had too much regard for their own necks tomake a binding contract with any of them so as to securethe performance of the deed. In fact, it appearsthat the leaders of the mob prudently hid themselves,when the police were arrayed against them insteadof on their side, and after they had received timelywarning that there were men, not unused to fightingand well accustomed to the use of arms, whowere determined 'to make an example,' in thewords of John Brown the Younger, of some of therioters, should the police prove false; or insufficientto keep them outside the door. However tragictheir plot, the denoucement of their drama was simplyfarce of the broadest kind. denoucement The purpose of these heroes of the kerb-stonewas doubtless to assure the slaveholders that Bostonwas still true to her traditions of kidnapping,as illustrated in the cases of Sims and Burns, andthat she might be trusted, as in 183.3, to 'snakeout' find discomfit the disturbers of their peaceand dignity. Had the history of the 3d of Decemberended with the clearing of the Tremont Templeby orders of the Mayor, by the expulsion of itslawful occupants on the demand of riotous intruders,there might have been what John Adamscalled 'a plausible appearance of a probability' ofthe truth of this gloss. But, unluckily for them,the meeting refused to be so suppressed, and adjournedto another place for the evening session.A demand being made upon the City authoritiesfor protection, the Mayor and Aldermen had thesense to see that it was a thing they could notrefuse, without exposing themselves to wrath andindignation of much more consequence to themthan that of the State-street note-shavers. Twenty-fiveyears have wrought a mighty change, even inBoston; and the Boston of 1860 is a very differentBoston from that of 1835. Then, the mob wasopenly instigated by men of the first social positionand the greatest weight of character. Now, theleaders were men of no consideration or importancewhatever—their claim to be gentlemen, which theAnti-Slavery papers even have conceded to them,resting solely, as we are credibly informed, upontheir coats being whole at the elbows and theirshirts not noticeably dirty. But neither peculiarlynor politically were they of any significance whatever.In 1835, there was no part of the population,excepting the hunted Abolitionists themselves, ,that had a word to say against the Garrison Mob.The mob party was in possession of the State, andeven Governor Everett was emboldened to hint atpotential penalties for free speech. Now, the situation of affairs is entirely changed..In Boston itself, there is a large minority whichhave been educated by the Anti-Slavery agitation of,a quarter of a century into the apprehension of thetruth that mobs are not to put down meetings, andthat mayors are not appointed to be their instruments.And the State is entirely in the hands ofthis promising class of political pupils who havebeen brought up by the Abolition schoolmaster tounderstand that free speech is the essential elementof their own life and growth. The examplesof New York and Baltimore, from whose incompetentor corrupt municipalities the State has in-interposedto take the protection of the personsand properties of the citizens to whom it is due,from the sovereign authority, no doubt were ofmain weight with the Boston authorities. Plainintimations which had been given, that GovernorAndrew would have the appointment of the policeof Boston the next year, struck terror into thehearts of the men, and dismay into the souls oftheir masters. At any rate, sufficient measureswere taken, by the detailing of a large body of thepolice and the holding in readiness of an adequatemilitary force, to enable the John Brownists, as thenewspapers called them, to carry on their meetingin the evening to a prosperous issue. Accordingly,the report which will go down to the South, ofBoston, will be, that the municipal authorities,with force and arms, sustained the Tight of the admirersof Capt. Brown to hold their meeting, anddeliver their minds on any points they pleased, tothe fullest extent they liked. So that the wholebeneficial result of this bill-brokers' coup d'ctat ofDecember, if any, will be to recommend the individualheroes of the moving attack to the favor ofthe slaveholders having business in Boston. Anadvantage which, in the present, state of affairs, weapprehend, will not command a premium at theBrokers' Board. coup d'ctat If these ridiculous persons, who undertook tocarry on a war of which they had not counted thecost had any motive for their absurd conduct, exceptingto curry favor with the slaveholders ortheir advisers, (if there really were prompters ofany consequence behind the scenes,) it was undoubtedlythat of intimidating the Republican majorityof the Massachusetts legislature into repealingthe Personal Liberty Bill, or performing suchother acts of degradation as may make the beatenparty forgive the successful one. If so, nothingcould be more intensely asinine than this meansdirected to such an end. It is bad enough to beasked to revoke the deliberately and repeatedlydefined policy of the State under menace of SouthCarolina, without being expected to cower beforethe puny fists of the petty Shylocks of their owncapital city. It is a kind of ' pitchfork-enticing'which we rather think the members from the ruraldistricts of the Bay State will not think invitingenough to yield to their seductions. If there isone truth in the future which it needs no prophet toforetell, and which the wayfaring man, though afool, cannot mistake, it is that any man in Massachusettswho yields au inch or bates a hair of theposition she now occupies, in the presence of thethreats of the South, will be disgraced and dishonoredin her eyes, and forever discharged fromher service. And so we believe it will be as to allthe other free States which have ever undertakento perform the very first duty of civil government—the protection of the weakest members of theCommonwealth. If, in the several States, or inCongress, there be any truckling on the part ofmen charged with the interests and the honor ofthe North, before the menaces of the South, woebe unto the men who consent to the dishonor ofthe mother States that bore them! And, notmerely the men, but the party that shall consent tothe disgrace of the section, and the denial of theprinciples that raised them to power, will perish,like Jonah's gourd, before the hot indignation ofthe people. The leaders of the Republican partyare under great temptation to abase themselves,in the hope of a quiet reign for Abraham Lincolnand a peaceable enjoyment of the paradise of officefor themselves; but they may be assured that theyare in much more danger of political ruin throughthe disruption of their party than through the disruptionof the Union. And before leaving this subject, we think it nomore than right by all parties, to correct an errorwhich obtains extensively as to the quality of themen who called the Boston Meeting of the 3d ofDecember. The Tribune, in its editorial commentson the affair, and even its own correspondent in hisexcellent narrative of its details, speaks of them as'the Garrisonians' or the 'Garrisonian party.'Nothing can be less justly descriptive of those excellentpersons than such a characterization. Werather think that they would be much more justlydescribed as 'the Republicans,' or the 'Republicanparty,' as we incline to believe that every man especiallyinterested in that meeting voted for AbrahamLincoln. we do not think that there was aGarrisonian, meaning thereby an Abolitionist ofthe stamp of the American Anti-slavery Society,among them. Them are always careful to distinguishthemselves from us when they come into ourmeetings, as we are to make clear the specific differenceswhich separate us from them when we gointo their assembly. They believe insurrection tobe the chief means by which abolition is to bebrought about. We do not. We hold that blackmen have the same natural that white menhave to rise and vindicate their liberties by forceof arms, whenever there is a rational chance ofsuccess. We do not think it wise or humane,either towards the slaves or the masters to stimulateand incite insurrectionary movements. We believethat the application of truth to the minds ofthe people of the free States, and, as far as possibleto those of the slave States, to which we ownthe present hopeful condition of affairs, is still thetrue method of preparing the way for the peacefuldeliverance of the slaves. we are ready to discussthese differences of method in our meeting ofin theirs; but we think the gravity or those differencesshould be remembered by all who recountthis passage of our history. Tribune 
