 BOSTON, Dec. 5th, 1860. OSTON In spite of the financial and political anxietiesnow prevailing in this city, the late riot at the TremontTemple furnishes the chief subject of conversationamong all classes. Everybody compares in tothe famous Garrison mob of twenty-five years ago.But the astonishing difference is seen in this, thatwhereas it then took ten years to produce a wholesomereaction, it has now taken but twenty-fourhours. It is now difficult to hear of any man in anyparty, who justifies the affair, outside of the smallknot of fast merchants, sporting men and customhouse bullies, with whom it originated. I heard aprominent Bell and Everett merchant say this morning,—'It was an act of stupid folly. it was worsethan a crime, it was a blunder.' It is conceded by all, that the meeting, if leftalone, would have been a failure. Its numbers werevery small, and many of the speakers announcedwere not present. If the intruders had simply votedto adjourn it, as they might have done, it wouldhave been dishonorable, but not riotous. But theypushed their blackguardism so ridiculously far, inpassing those preposterous resolutions; and theBoston Courier showed such inconceivable folly, inits threat that the next persons silenced should beSummer and Wilson, that everybody awoke instantlyto the discovery that the city was under mob law.What appeared at first merely ridiculous, began tolook dangerous. Courier The police indeed claim to have done their dutyin the evening, but that was beginning rather late.Moreover. the African chapel was an easy place todefend, being small and situated at the bottom of acourt, which could easily be kept clear. Even then,Wendell Phillips had to be taken out the back way,with a very strong guard of friends, around whomthe mob pressed with fierce cries and missile. Coloredmen were pursued by organized hands, and severelybeaten; in one case, a horse car was forciblystopped, and searched for colored men; this I hearfrom one who was in it. Windows were broken inall the colored quarter of the town. Indeed, theevening mob was much worse than the morning one;that consisted merely of the aristocratic portion ofthose who defeated Burlingame; in the evening theybrought in their degraded North street supportersalso. Not one half the outrages committed haveyet got into the newspapers. The rioters and not the sense to obtain the shadowof propriety that might have come from gettingregular control of the meeting—they being the majority.After Mr. Martin had been called to thechair regularly, taken his place, and appointed acommittee, a man in the body of he hall rose, andnominated Mr. Fay for chairman, put the questionhimself, and declared Mr. Fay elected, who thereupontook possession of the chair. Of course, theMassachusetts legislature might at any time hebroken up by an armed mob with equal plausibility. put the questionhimself So plain is this inference, that the proposal for ametropolitan police system, similar to that of NewYork, is meeting with great favor in influentialquarters. The ground is taken that as Boston isthe seat of the Legislature and the metropolis ofthe State, it is absurd to leave the enforcement ofState laws to the whims, prejudices, or fears of amere city official, be he Mayor, or Chief of Police,but that the State authorities should control thecity police. Such a measure will no doubt touchkeenly the pride of Bostonians, who have heretoforedelighted in contrasting their city with NewYork,—but the day are gone by when Boston ruledMassachusetts. At any rate, this riot will furnish a fruitful subjectfor comment in our new Legislature. The PersonalLiberty Bill will not undergo much alterationfor the worse, you may be sure; 'if it is touched, itwill now be to make it more stringent,' as a very conservativeRepublican politician said to me just now. I have not seen in the papers what I heard forman intimate personal friend of Governor Banks, thathe was exceedingly indignant at the occurrences ofMonday morning, and was personally present amongthe crowd at the evening meeting, prepared to takethe command of the military, if necessary. Twocompanies were under arms during a portion of thenight, if not the whole. The timid tone of the Advertiser and the journal,the day after the outrage, elicited much contemptuousremark; but the extravagance of the Courierproved an admirable tonic to the journal afterwardsThe Atlas and the Transcript were much more manly.There is a strong desire felt for an indignationmeeting, among persons who had no share in theoriginal convention. and it will be held, unless thereaction is so complete as to make it seem better totreat he whole brutal business with contempt. TheSuperintendent of the Temple, Mr. Hayes, in veryindignant against the timidity of the Mayor, in orderingthe hall to be cleared, and stands ready to letit at any time, to any respectable parties, black orwhite, and will call on the police to protect them inthe use of it. Advertiser journal Courier journal Atlas Transcript One thing I most not omit to say. It was reportedin advance that the Southern' law studentsfrom Cambridge were to have a hand in the riot. Iam interned, however, that the only Southern manprecept took the side of the friends of order. Hewas also the only one on that tide who drew aweapon; several had them, but were persuaded bySanborn and others to keep them out of the way.This man, however, kept his band on his bowieknife,with the pithy remark, 'I was driven out ofCharleston for free speech, but I'm d—d if theydrive me out of Boston.' The State street gentlemenwere observed to give him a wide berth, reservingtheir energies for small or elderly colored men. FREE SPEECH. 
