 It has heretofore been the fashion for the hotheadedSouthern desperadoes to monopolize all thehonors which may arise from the employment ofbrute force in lieu of argument, when an adversaryundertakes to exercise his constitutional rights, inthat benighted land of blood and crime,—but it appearsfrom recent developments in the city of Boston,that this delectable privilege is to be no longerexclusively confined to the chivalry of the slaveholdingStates. Preston S. Brooks stands no longer alone as anembodiment of ruffianism, for a worthy compeer hasbeen found in the person of Richard o. Fay, a merchantof Boston, whilom a Director of the B. &S.Glass Co., whose conduct as a prominent leader of agang of ' respectable ' rowdies, who, on Mondaylast, assailed and broke up a peaceable meeting ofpeople assembled under a call issued for a gatheringof persons to consider the most feasible method toabolish the 'sum of all villainies, 'American slavery,entitles him to the condemnation of every onewho possesses a spark of true manliness or love ofjustice. We do not remember to have read of amore dastardly outrage—a more despicable attemptto put down free discussion and establish the reignof terror than this foray of Richard S. Fay and hisband of 'respectable 'scoundrels. We trust that'petitions will be immediately circulated throughoutthe Commonwealth, for the signatures of every loverof Free Speech in Massachusetts, praying our Legislatureto pass a Metropolitan Police Law; so thatthe citizens of Boston may be protected hereafter intheir right to assemble whenever and wherever theyplease, to discuss any and every question they please,unmolested by 'respectable' or any other ruffians;and also that the laws of the Commonwealth affixingproper penalties for disturbances of the publicpeace be rigorously enforced. If the city of Bostonis powerless to protect her citizens, let it be understoodthat the State authorities, uninfluenced by thegreed of gain, and the pressure of monad power,will attend to their Constitutional duties, in suchcases, and perhaps Mr. Richard S. Fay may lean alesson which will tend to allay his seal in behalf ofslavery, and make him hereafter a more peaceablemember of the community.—Sandwich Advocate. Sandwich Advocate. 
