 Women of philosophers Redpath, Phillips,and others, did not appreciate their generous feelingsfor wicked and ugly old Osawatomie Brown,To be plain, the people of Boston are quite satisfiedthat the fanatic performed not a great act, butperpetrated a terrible crime; and he been justlyhanged for it in an ignominious manner; and thatin place of honor, he deserves reprobation. Andwith this correct view of the whole case, theyspiritedly proceeded to the Temple the day of themeeting, and effectually hindered the rabid abolitionfirebrands from manufacturing laurels for thecontemptible hero of Harper's Ferry. We are proud of this. It is true, the interruptionas given the meeting some notoriety, whichis to be regretted; hut as the fame meeting wasintended by its authors to express the highest appreciationof the people of Boston for John Brown,the interruption, though a violation of the freedomof speech, cannot he well objected to. It is nowclear to the country, that in Boston, John Brown isa very wretched individual—that in it, there is noirrational desire to interfere with the property ofthe South.  Our city has been often grossly misrepresentedon this point. Mr. Phillips and othersof his class have too frequently saddled their ownextreme views on their fellow-citizens. The ice isnow broken.  It is not likely that the furious abolitionistamongst us will ever again attempt tomake themselves the exponents of the public feeling.If they do, they are almost certain to gainnothing but failure by the enterprise. While wecannot largely commend—for reasons already giventhe interruption of this meeting; yet there aresome thanks due to its spirited authors. Their actwas violative of one of the highest American privilegesfreedom of speech—but it was against a setof dangerous men they exercised it, and it hassaved a great city from vile misrepresentation.Violence is often just. It would be superfluous to reason with Mr. Redpathand his friends on the irrationality of theircareer.  Enthusiasm for negroes has so large a possessionof their faculties, that no argument canreach them. Their principle, that illustrious menshould be splendidly commemorated, is essentiallygood.  But their application of it in the case ofBrown shows them to be unable to distinguish betweennoble and ignoble acts; and the interruptionthey encountered in his apotheosis in their owncity, should convince them that the same metropolisholds both him and them in utter contempt.This is the proper fate of criminals and their abettors.It is particularly gratifying to find Bostonspeaking thus out, at the present time. The factcannot but have a good effect on the enthusiasticpeople of the South, whose secession movementmay be justly attributed to the Abolitionists of theNorthern cities. If our city had acted in this mannerbefore, it is quite certain that the country wouldnot be so agitated as it now unfortunately is. Butbetter late than not at all; and the present ebullitionof true patriotic sentiment may be followed bya great many.—Boston (Catholic) Pilot. Boston (Catholic) Pilot. The calling of such a meeting at this time, to saythe least, was poor policy and worse taste; butthere are some men who never consult anythingbut their own feelings and passions, regardless ofconsequences.  Such men do but little good in theworld, and are of little use, except to keep the elementsfrom stagnation, and to give the peoplesomething to talk about. If they occasionallymeet with a rebuff, as in the present instance, theyonly receive what every one must expect who goesahead of pubic sentiment. It is pretty evidentthat the resolutions adopted at the meeting referredto, express the sentiments of Bostonians, aswell as a majority of the people of the State, quiteas nearly as any that would have been passed byFred Douglass and his associates. Whether thatwas the proper time and place for the expression ofthose sentiments., is a question for wiser heads todecide.  What we rued now Is cool and calm judgment,and not frothy speeches and boisterous declaration.Windy demagogues and sensation speakershave ruled long enough, both North and South,and it is time reason and common sense resumedtheir sway.—Lynn Reporter. Lynn Reporter. We cannot too earnestly express the hope that ifany meeting should be called fanatics who assembledin the Tremont Temple last week, all goodcitizens will keep away from it. such a meetingwould be an insignificant and contemptible affair ifattended only by those who sympathize with its object.It would be elevated into undue importanceby an attempt to interrupt its proceedings. Thefellows who got up that meeting 'love to be persecuted,'and nothing would please them better thanto be the martyrs of a riot.  Garrison's fame, ofwhich many of them are emulous, dates from hisfight before a Boston mob, some quarter of a centuryago. If there citizens who suppose that a 'freespeech meeting is necessary at the present time, letthem bear in mind that among those who favor theutmost freedom of speech, there is a great differenceof opinion as to the proceedings in Tremont Temple.The meeting was called—not as a meeting of thesympathizers with John Brown—but as a 'People'sConvention,' and under that call, all who chose hada right to attend the meeting, and take part in itsproceedings.  The majority in attendance, undersuch a call, had a right to organize the meeting, andpass such resolutions as they pleased. Under thisview of the case, which is certainly a reasonableone, the proceedings in Tremont Temple did notviolate the right of free speech however impoliticthey may have been. Freedom of speech was fullyvindicated in the Joy street meeting in the evening,where the crazy heads poured out their wrath andbitterness against the very authorities who were protectingthem in the exercise of their right of freespeech, or rather of free vituperation.—Boston Journal. Boston Journal. 
