 Edward Everett's oration at Gettysburg is whatmight have been expected of that unreal, metaphorical,moonlight orator. It matters little to himwhat the facts are, so he has full scópe for fancy, imagination,and rhetoric. He is always at home whendealing with dead men, and never so happy as whenon funeral occasions. He delights to water the flowersof his fancy with the blood of the brave, and hisimagination runs riot when it can strike its roots intothe mold of sepulchers. Hervey's "Meditationsamong the Tombs" seem to be the model of his funeraleloquence. "A dainty plant is the ivy greencreeping over dead men's graves, I ween." Everettwould be glad to have a Gettysburg every month, ifhe could be selected to recite what others have doneHis ambition does not consist in performing virtuousactions himself, but reporting them. When he cansing his elegiac and sentimental common-place overthe dull cold ear of death, he is quite enraptured.Much as he admires his dead heroes, he admiresmuch more his description of their achievements,and would infinitely rather describe others than behimself among the described. Edward Everett began life a Unitarian preacherand is still a Unitarian, rejecting; the Scripture doctrineof human depravity, which never had a betterillustration than his own character. Laying asidepreaching, he took to politics, joining the Whigparty, white his brother joined the Democratic, thebetter to play into each other's hands. There neverwas any more reality in the man's politics than in hisreligion. The man himself is glittering and hollowas a soap-bubble. He is as cold as a frog. There isnothing genial or generous about him; no sympathywith any earthly thing, except Edward Everett. Itwould be idle to deny him a respectable degree ofscholarship, a fine fancy, and a glib tongue. He canwork out by lamplight a brilliant oration, and candeliver it, alter a thousand private rehearsals, in astyle to bring down the house. But there are fewcounty court lawyers, who, in the close hug of unpremeditateddebate, could not lift the oratoricaldandy out of his boots, and break every bone in hisbody. And as to war itself, when heroes have sucha strong hold upon his imagination, he would muchrather be at Gettysburg now than then! He mayuse very fine figure at a Gettysburg oration, butwhat a figure he would have cut in front of Pickett'sdivision! Any old woman with a broomstick wouldbe more than a match for this eulogist of the bravein the field of arms. He expresses in his Gettysburg oration the confidentbelief that every Southern State, South Carolinaincluded, would vote now, and at any period ofthe war would have voted, if allowed a fair expressionof public opinion, for the Union. That is Mr.Edward Everett's belief. Well, a man may believeany thing. We believe Edward Everett a greatliar. He may not think so. We confess it is a matterof opinion. But when he makes such an assertion,a liar or a fool he must be, and we do not thinkhim a fool. That, also we confess, is a matter ofopinion. At any rate, there are many strange beliefsin the world. The Chinese believe every manhas six souls. Most people would believe EdwardEverett, at least, had not one. Not five years agohe was painting the most terrific pictures at BlackRepublican success. Now he is the blackest of theBlack Republicans. His soul, if he ever had one,has been disposed of to Abraham Lincoln, who repayshim by letting him play off rhetorical fireworksat Gettysburg, which are very brilliant, no doubt,but not equal to the pyrotechnics which will celebrateEdward Everett's demise in that region wherehypocrites wail and gnash their teeth. We will not argue the question with Mr. EdwardEverett whether the people of the South, if left tothemselves, would vote for the Union. Suppose heinduces his master Abraham to try the experimentWe ask no more. Let him call off his bloodhoundsfrom every Southern State, disband his military andpermit us to do the same, and then without a bayonetfrom Mason and Dixon's line to the Gulf, let thepeople of the Southern States vote for or againstthe Union! Let him begin the experiment with eventhe border States of Maryland and Missouri! Willhe do it? He would sooner cut off his right hand.Abraham Lincoln understands, if Mr. Edward Everettdoes not, that the Union is a dead cock in thepit, and that he has kilted it with his own hands. Nómatter what the original merits of the quarrel, theYankee mode of conducting this war has made theunion of fire and water a more practicable achievementthan the re-union of the Northern and SouthernStates. The question of subjugation is onequestion; the question of voluntary re-union noquestion at all. If a vote could be taken in theSouthern States, whether we should re-unite withthe bloody murderers of our sons and brothers, orwith the Emperor Francis of Austria, or the Queenof England, there would be one universal shout ofacclamation for Europe. There is no nation on theearth which is so heartily detested and execrated inthe Confederacy as the butcher nation of the North.Voluntary re-union with them! A union with hyenas,vampyres and thugs, is about as probable and practicable.—Richmond Dispatch. Richmond Dispatch. 
