 If ever there was a season of dire distress, it isnow. If ever men who govern had occasion topause, and ponder over the mute agony that staresthem in the face—ere that agony is transformed intothe frenzy of despair—the golden opportunitytrembles in the hour. The armies of the rebellionare daily yielding before the advancing armies ofthe Union. Victory flutters on our standard; but,notwithstanding the glad tidings which come fromthe field, sorrow and sadness and gloom sit—incubus-like—on the heart of our people. There is acause for this troubled state of the public mind,and it is to he found in the miserable imbecilitywith which the civil administration of the Governmentis conducted. One would infer that the relativenumbers of the white and black races are thereverse of the reality, that there are twenty-fivenegroes to every white man in the land, if he mightjudge from our legislation. On this illusion onlycould be presume a poetic justice in the minds ofour refers. As long as negroes are the principalclass for whose interests the Government contends,so long will the public discontent continue. Thisidolatry for negroes had its origin in false philanthropyand squeamish sentimentality. The pealmsingersand negro glorifiers of Exeter Hall begatthe worship long ago, in the beginning of this century.When Burke, Chatham and Fox had passedaway, and with them the comprehensive policy oftheir was statesmanship, a new class of men cameinto power, and entered on the government of theBritish Empire. The acknowledged head of this partywas the elder Wilberforce, the famous author ofWest India Emancipation. The abolition of theSlave Trade was effected under the auspices of thesame party,—but here the good work ended. Thetheory of universal freedom, catching the breeze ofpopular favor in the other hemisphere, was waftedby an adverse gale in an evil hour to our own.That pseudo-philanthropist, Dr. Channing, inauguratedin this city the scheme of emancipation, andthe poets and orators of New England caught upthe wild refrain, and by a perversion of facts concerningthe institution of slavery at the South, infectedthe tone of public sentiment of the NorthernStates. In this manner were the seeds of that revocationsown, which, to-day, wrings from the patriot'sheart the grief which so great a calamity couldalone call forth. Fanatics are invariably seditious, and sedition isthe detestable vice that radicates itself deepest intothe human heart. When they have the swords of the Romansand the avenging fire from heaven combinedfor the destruction of Jerusalem, many of the Jewswere employed in railing against whatever measureswere adopted for the city's defence; and theirhistorian tells us that their lives and their seditionended together; while their lives lasted, they neverceased to revile both heaven and earth. Can wènot trace a similarity between those unhappy creatures,and the men of our own day and countrywho make an apotheosis of John Brown? Theirwhole lives are in defiance of the Divine Goodness,and in hostility to all social order. Their intellectualand moral pivot is established upon a sentiment,a prurient, sickly, contemptible sentimentconceived in irreligion and carried out in besottedfanaticism. This puling sentiment of abolitionismentered in our midst, like another Trojan horse,and has been fed by old ladies at quilting matchesover their snuff and over their tea, and by reverendquacks, poetasters and demagogues; and at length,bursting into full life, it has ridden into power, andpromises to enthrall all those true friends of theAmerican Union who dare express a modest dissidencefrom its pernicious teachings and revolutionarydoctrines. We invoke the little patriotism that lingers atWashington to lift itself above the African sloughand to legislate for white men, by which coursestone the national authority can be vindicated, treasonsilenced, and the blessings of equal liberty preservedto ourselves and our posterity.—Boston Pilot. Boston Pilot. 
