 Supposing our readers have a curiosity to see thelate message of President Lincoln to his Congress,and presuming that Lincoln wants our people to seehow gracious he is, and what a loving proclamationhe has issued to us all in Dixie, we publish both inour issue to-day. Whenever the British envoyswished to tempt our fathers in the Revolution bytheir proffers of amnesty, the Continental Congressalways assisted in giving their proclamation a widecirculation; for not only did Congress confide in theloyalty of the people, but they considered those papersas calculated to animate the popular patriotism. A hundred times stronger are our reasons for expectingthis result now. Never did British commissioneror general, in all his arrogance, put forth soimpudent a massage as the Washington man hassent down to us. He is going to forgive us something,it seems, on certain terms. To the most liberal,unqualified and all-embracing offer of forgivenessto our fathers, Dr. Franklin replied:—" We,who have committed no offence, need no forgiveness."Our answer would be the same, even if Lincoln's offerimitated the humanity of Britain's. Forgive uswhat? Forgive us because he has invaded our Stateswith armed multitudes, to overthrow our laws, destroyour liberties, and compass out destruction?Forgive us because he has plundered seas andravaged our coasts? Forgive us for having burnedour towns and desolated our homes? Forgive us forthe many thousands of our brothers and sons anddear friends whom he has slain upon our own soil,and while repelling his invasion? Forgive us forthe many dear, mutilated ones who will remain thelegacy of the war when the war shall be over? Forgivefor having outraged even the sensibilitiesof Europe by his attempt to excite servile revolt? He may forgive us for these his crimes; but solong as we have hearts to feel and hands to strike,we shall never forgive him. How impudent it is tocome, with our brother's blood upon his accursedhands, and ask us to accent his forgiveness! But hegoes further. He makes his forgiveness dependentupon terms. We have only to swear obedience tohis will. We have to swear that the proclamationof emancipation which he issued last year, and whichwe received with mocking, and which has since beena general derision, shall be submitted to by us. Oursociety is to be upturned. Instead of that distinctionbetween the races necessary for the happinessof both, he asks us to swear that we will have noneat all, until his Congress of fanatics or his packedbench of judges shall say that his proclamation waswind. But all this will not do. We must abandonto that demon thirst for their blood all the men whohave rendered our annals conspicuous, and underwhose lead we have won a fame, if not a name,among the nations. We must leave the Presidentto Abraham's tender mercies. The army of the Potomacmust offer up their glorious leader, underwhom both have become illustrious. Beauregardmust be hung. In short, every officer down to Colonel,and every single functionary from Congressmanto messenger, and from Governor to constable,are to be retained for Lincoln's malignity. How heand Seward and Sumner would gloat over the hangingbodies of the "dead rebels"! Is even Lincoln base enough to imagine that abrave people, such as the Confederates have proventhemselves, would, under any stress of fortune, provetraitors to the men whom they have called to leadthem in camp or council? This miserable attempt to divide and corrupt uswill be contemptuously resented as the insult whichit is. And this is the best that Lincoln can think offor us—utter prostration at his feet—a social ruin,horrible to every white man, rich or poor; and ourchoicest citizens, whose names are our pride, handedover to be hanged! This infamous proclamation will but arouse us tonew zeal and new efforts.—Richmond Sentinel. Richmond Sentinel. 
