 Hon. Henry T. Blow, of Missouri, addressed alarge audience at the Union League rooms, Washington,on Tuesday evening, on the history and prospectsof the Slave States, and particularly of Missouri,which he considered as epitomising the probabledestiny of the other Slave States. We take thefollowing interesting extract: "The latest intelligence from Missouri inducesme to believe that a new Convention will be convenedby the Legislature that meets in February,and there remain little doubt that emancipation willbe adopted and that the next crops will ripen withsuccess on free soil. The elements of party impelledby this spirit already exist, and will then be readyfor action, not only in Missouri, but all over theSouth. Why should it not? The importance ofsuch a party can scarcely be estimated. It holds, inmy humble judgment, the problem of reconstruction.Let the principles of such a party prevail inthe Southern States, and you will have no difficultyin bringing them back into the Union with freedom.Until they do prevail, you cannot make them loyaland happy. There exists another reason why thisresult should be obtained. In Missouri they haveemancipation emblazoned upon their banners. Ithas revolutionized the State. In Tennessee, Gov.Johnson, Parson Brownlow, and in Arkansas, Gen.Gantt boldly preaches this doctrine. In Louisianathere has been a reorganization for some time uponthe basis of this idea, which has already began toshow signs of its power, and it is designed to bringout the purer and better character of her people.So fully has this idea taken hold upon the Southernheart that I venture the declaration that there is nota single State which will not be ready to come backinto the Union as a free State within six months, oras  as she would have come in as a slave State,providing, however, that the Administration willabandon all idea of gradual emancipation, and givesits support to the radical system of immediate action.The process is simple. Let a Convention be called,and let it pass their resolutions:—First, that theState Convention which passed the ordinance of secessionhad, and could have no authority to dissolvethe relations between the State and the UnitedStates. Second, that the resumption of Federal relationsrequires that at first such changes should bemade in the State Constitution as shall prevent rebellionand secession hereafter. Third, that in thesechanges the fact be distinctly recognized that all personsin the State are free, and that it be providedby a fundamental law that slavery shall henceforthbe prohibited. Fourth, that all persons who havebeen engaged in the rebellion shall be prohibitedfrom the privileges of the elective franchise, unlessproven to be loyal. The oath should be strong, andshould contain a clause binding him who takes it tosustain all laws of Congress and proclamations ofthe President with reference to slavery."  
