 Mr. Wendell Phillips complains of the President'splan of reconstruction, that "it leaves the negro inthe hands of the Supreme Court, so far as the Federalpower is concerned." We should like to knowwhere Mr. Phillips would have him left? Whitemen of all classes and grades from the Presidentto the humblest citizen, are "left in the handsof the Supreme Court." That is for them thehighest tribunal in the land. Why should the negroclaim or expect any other? The fact is Mr. Phillips, and the fanatics who followhis lead, have become complete monomaniacson the subject of the negro. They have brooded solong over his wrongs that they cannot conceive thatanybody else has any rights. They claim for negroesvirtues, immunities, privileges and rights,which they would never dream of claiming forwhites. They profess to support the Constitutionuntil it stands in the way of their schemes for negrosupremacy; then they abandon the Constitution,and stand by the negro. Their test of patriotism is devotion to the negro.They are for preserving the Union, if it will helpthe negroes; if not, they are for destroying it. Theyare for prosecuting the war because it will help thenegroes; the moment they find or fancy is will not,they are for peace. Mr. Phillips would infinitelyprefer disunion with the abolition of slavery to theUnion without it; and so would the great body ofthose who accept him as their political guide. It is becoming fashionable in some quarters tospeak of this as "unconditional loyalty." The menin the Southern States who are for abolishing slavery,are called by some of our leading political journals,"unconditional loyalists," while Union men,like Gov. Bramlette, of Kentucky, who are not infavor of it, are sweepingly and remorselessly denouncedas Semi-Secessionists. "unconditional Nothing can be more false or unjust. The questionof abolition has nothing whatever to do withthe question of loyalty. A pro-slavery man may beloyal, while many Anti-Slavery men are certainlyand conspicuously disloyal. That man is loyal whois for sustaining the Government, crushing the rebellionand preserving the Union, without regard toslavery. If slavery stands in the way of this result,he is for destroying it; if it gets out of the way, hewill not abandon the Union for the sake of destroyingslavery. This is the only line of distinctionthat can be drawn.—New York Times. may without regard toslavery. New York Times. 
