 I. "A 'Freedman's Village' of fourteen dwellings,and a church, a hospital, and a home for theaged and infirm, with streets regularly laid out andnamed, and a park planted in the centre. Thedwellings, two-storied, are constructed in groups offour under each roof, each having two rooms perfectlylighted and ventilated, each its nice cookingstove, each its yard, and each access to a well. Thisseedling of a city was built in sixty days. Theschool will accommodate six hundred pupils. Thehospital, divided into separate wards for women andmen, has room for one hundred fifty-nine beds. Notone, thus far, has been spread. The freedmen havebeen too happy and too busy to get sick. TheHome will shelter the infirm and in separate familygroups if needed. II. There will be seen workshops—-blacksmiths,wheelwrights, carpenters, tailors and shoemakers.White cutlers from New York clothing establishmentscut out clothing. Under the instruction ofskilled seamstresses, women recently fugitives fromfield slavery make this up with the needle, and learnthe use of sewing machines. III. There will be seen in school one hundred andthirty-five girls and boys, learning surprisingly fastthe rudiments of the New England common schooleducation; and there can be heard a choir of onehundred and thirty-five, hymning Watts's noble songs,or the songs of Freedom, with a pathos that startsthe tears. IV. There will be seen the groundwork preparationfor the reception of one bundled and twenty-fivehouses, with their inmates, soon to travel to Arlingtonfrom three contraband camps yet remainingon the north side of the Potomac. Ninety dayswill see this double and economical emigration complete. V. There will be seen in part the clearing ofwide tracts of land, tangled with underbrush overgrowingancient stumps, and the springing of winterwheat upon heavily, manured fields, recentlystamped by cavalry and paraded over by infantry.There are now six abandoned farms worked underthis plan. The farthest is five miles beyond theChain Bridge. The cultivation of each will be asthorough as that of Arlington is designed to be. VI. There will be seen the evidence that althoughthis colony was planted long after the tanning of1863 was commenced, was on its start empty handedand wholly unformed, it sustained itself the firstyear, and had money in the bank at the, end of thefirst season. Two hundred tons of hay, worth thirtydollars a ton; one hundred and ninety-one tonsof corn fodder, worth twelve dollars a ton; a vastquantity of potatees and other vegetables, (distributedamong the hospitals of this department,) anda crop of beans and buckwheat were made and secured.If guerrillas had not been permitted todrive in the laborers from the outer farms, this harvestwould have been doubled. VII. There will be seen a kind and firm administrationof government and industry. They whowill not work must go beyond our lines. The villageand the farms being designed only for the trainingof fugitive slaves into skilled and self-supportinglaborers, but ten dollars a month are paid tothem in addition to their rations and quarters. Theinducement of self-interest stimulates to the speedyqualification for outside employment. So room isconstantly made for new-comers on the farm andthe new ignorant in the school. VIII. There will be seen the fruits of the assessment,of five dollars a mouth levied on the wagesof the colored teamsters and laborers, in thehighly-paid employment of the government, andits rigidly economical application. 'Negro cloth'bought with it in New York, at figures which scarcelyleave a profit to the manufacturer, is made up onthe farm, in entire suits, at a cost of two dollarsand ninety cents the suit. The best of shoes, ofthe largest numbers, are issued to the men at onedollar and sixty cents the pair. No contractors canpossibly get the privilege of supplying these freedmenwith stores of any description. The quartermasterwho gathered them under his care, himselfan experienced merchant, 'jews' the New York market,and pays but the manufacturer's or importer'sprofit, and that an exceedingly small one. The'store' pays a small profit (five per cent.) to thefund, charged upon goods, and sold to other contrabandsand to white laborers. The fund now has toits credit, in bank, about $60,000. The five dollarsa month assessment yields to this enterprise,from the Department of Washington alone, $18,000a month. The pecuniary success of the scheme is assured. IX. There will be seen the evidence of the publicsympathy with this great idea, and its substantialsuccess in its seventh month. An 'intelligence office'has been forced into it by the demand which isalready made for laborers and servants. Two hundredapplications are on file. One gas companyhas asked for a hundred men at large wages, andengaged to keep them for a year. X. There can be heard that story of the immediateand inexorable discharge of a gang of the bestcarpenters in the quartermaster's service for thecrime of endeavoring to compel negroes to dancefor their amusement on the Sabbath. Black menat Arlington have rights which white two are forcedto respect. XI. There will be seen the New England Sabbath,neat homes favorable to the development ofthe family and the cultivation of the household virtues,the joyous sense of being in a secure refugefrom slavery, and the divine stimulus of a realizedmanhood and womanhood. All this is the work of Lieutenant Colonel EliasM. Greene, Chief Quartermaster of the Departmentthy and power of Secretary Stanton.—WashingtonJournal. WashingtonJournal. 
