 * * * No one will be at a loss to know who is responsiblefor so calamitous a state of things. Underthe tutelage of an aristocracy in Great Britain, jealousof the success of American institutions, the Garrisons,Tappans, and Leavitts, of thirty years ago,began those machinations which under Greeley,Beecher, Raymond, Cheever, Wendell Phillips, andothers, culminated in the creation of a party whichdenounced the Constitution as "a league with hell,and a covenant with death," and never relaxed itsincendiary efforts until the slaveholding States hadKen goaded into overt acts of treason. Northernfanaticism, fostered by British gold, and the discontentand rebellion in the Smith which it engendered,are the sources of all our evils, and both are still seeking,at the present hour, to reap the fruits of theiriniquitous labors. * * * * * Yet, in the very midstof the inter-State quarrel which 1s engulphing suchvast treasures of life and property, the two factionsin the loyal States which, from the outset, have embarrassed the patriotic measures of the President,continue to throw every impediment in the way ofthe government, and to prevent the recruiting of theFederal army, by every means in their power. Forthis purpose, the rotten Democratic leaders of theRegency, under Cagier, Richmond, and their affiliatein Tammany Hall, have put forward an anti-Administrationticket, pledged to denunciation ofthe wisest and most essential steps that have beentaken by the President, and calculated to sow theseeds of discontent and insurrection in the rural districts.On the other hand, such Abolition organs asthe Tribune, Anti-Slavery Standard, Times, Liberator,and Independent, are loud in their outcries againstthe President for not sanctioning the illegal proclamationof Gen. Fremont, and are seeking to undermineby ultra-abolition, anti-constitutional ravings,the popularity which Mr. Lincoln baa acquired bythe firmness, fairness, and conservatism of his con-duct.* * * The duty of government is unmistakable,with respect to all of those who are seekingto shackle in hands or prevent the free developmentof the great uprising of patriotism that has been witnessedin the Northern States. The electioneeringwirepullers of the Regency, as well as those who controlthe Abolition organs of the North, should bealike looked after. If Fort Lafayette is not roomyenough to bold them, there are plenty of otherstrongholds where they may be secured, and thepeople will applaud the cheek which will thus begiven to the most subtle and active enemies of thegreat national cause.—New York Herald. Tribune, Anti-Slavery Standard, Times, Liberator,and Independent New York Herald. 
