 LETTER FROM "TOM BROWN." SIR,—A winter in the Saturday Review or Pre-week,in an article on " Mrs. Beecher Stowe'sWounded Feelings," has done me the honor of couplingmy name with hers. It docs not appear exactlywhy he has done this. Probably it is due to aletter of mine in a late number of Macmillan's Magazine, in which I maintained what no person slightlyacquainted with the recent history of the UnitedStates could ever have doubted, what the reviewerhimself, after Fremont's proclamation, and the othernews brought by the last mail, cannot, I suppose,now doubt—that the slavery question is at issue, isin fact the material issue, in this war. IR Saturday Review Macmillan's Magazine What a Saturday Reviewer may say or think ofme is not of the least consequence; nor would it beworth while to notice the tone of that or of otherleading English papers on any borne question. Weare used to them, and their habits of speech andthought, and have become comfortably case-hardened.But this is not so with Americans, and inview of the bitter feeling which has been roused inthem by our press within the last six or eightmonths, and which will probably outlive our generation,I should be glad if you will allow me to say afew words. Let any Englishman try to put himself honestlyin the place of an American, and then read sucharticles as the one to which I have alluded, andwhich is by no means an unfavorable specimen ofthe class, and I venture to say he will no longerwonder at the effect they have had in the UnitedStates. They are remarkable for two characteristics:first, for the deliberate imputation of meanmotives, and, secondly, for the cruel spirit in whichthey are written. It may have been right to sayunpleasant things, but it cannot be right to saythem in the way of all others which will give mostpain. To a nation or a man engaged in a strugglefor life or death, the tone of flippant and contemptuousserenity is the worst we can adopt, if we mustspeak. Take this article as a specimen: If an Englishgentleman felt a call to write remarks on theletter of a very distinguished American lady—aletter which is, at any rate, full of deep sorrow forthe estrangement between our two countries—needbe have entitled his remarks "Mrs. Stowe's WoundedFeelings"? Ought he to have talked about "agood cry, and a flounce out of the room"?—oughthe to have sneered at her appeal to the "great fellowshipof Christian freedom"? or to have congratulatedher "that she has at least contributed aLucifer match to the conflagration"? This is nothingbut saying what he had to say in the most offensivemanner, and seeking to inflict, or being utterlycareless of inflicting, unnecessary pain. If that bethe object of Saturday reviewers, of course there isnothing more to be said. They do their work inmasterly style. But the nation is paying somewhatdearly for its penny whistle of smart writing, bymeans of which many of its leading journalists aredoing their best to rouse the hatred of all nationsagainst us. As to the imputation of the worst motives to theNortherners by the Times and the Saturday Review,from the first outbreak of hostilities till now, couldanything have been more unfair, or mom needless?Nations as well as men are two-sided. There is mthem both the mean self-seeking nature, and themanly, God—like nature, always struggling the oneagainst the other. To which will you appeal, if youwish to see nation or man go right andThe surest way to make men act from low motives,is not to give them credit for high ones. Nothingcan be easier, and to a certain extent it proves ourcleverness to do this. Every action probably hasits mean aide, and if it should turn out after all thatthe mean is the stronger in say particular ease, ourforesight would have been at fault had we not anticipatedthis. To take the particular instance inpoint. Times Saturday Review We all know that the North has not put the slaveryquestion forward officially. All of us who careto study the subject know why this has not beendone. Many of us think the policy unwise, andthe reason wholly insufficient. We may think andsay that, if permitted in, it will rain the cause of theNorth, that it has already given an enormous advantageto the seccessionists. But this is quite otherthing from crying out, ever and ever again,"It is naught, it is naught. These Yankees are,after all, only fighting for terrific and hurt reality."It was our duty, as the nation which has taken thelead in the abolition of slavery, to have borne allthings from, and hoped all things for, those whohad gone down into the lists with the great slavePower; to have gives them credit for what theycould not, or dared not, yet now; to have encouragedthem to go bravely on in the path they hadtaken, let it lead them where it might. We havenot done this. Our press has chosen to take theother courts, to impute the lowest motives, to pulloutand exult over all the meanness, and bragging,and disorder which the context has brought out,and while we sit on the bank to make no allowancesfor those who are struggling in the waves. Theconsequence is the state of feeling we see now in allloyal Americans towards England. I am, yours truly, THOMAS HUGHES. 
