 BY EDWARD L. PIERCE, ESQ. * * * On the 23d of May, General Butler orderedthe first reconnoitring expedition, which consistedof a part of toe Vermont regiment, and proceededunder the command of Colonel Phelps overthe dike and bridge towards Hampton. They wereanticipated, and when in sight of the second bridgesaw that it had been set on fire, and, hastening forward,extinguished the flames. The detachment thenmarched into the village. A parley was held witha secession officer, who represented that the men inarms in Hampton were only a domestic police.Meanwhile, the white inhabitants, particularly thewomen, had generally disappeared. The negroesgat he red around our men, and their evident exhilarationwas particularly noted, some of them saying,"Glad to see you, Massa," and betraying the fact,that, on the approach of the detachment, a fieldpiecestationed at the bridge had been thrown intothe sea. This was the first communication betweenour army and the negroes in this department. The reconnoissance of the day had more importantresults than were anticipated. Three negroes,owned by Colonel Mallory, a lawyer of Hamptonand a rebel officer, taking advantage of the terrorprevailing among the white inhabitants, escapedfrom their master, skulked during the afternoon, andin the night came to our pickets. The next morning,May 24th, they were brought to General Butler,and there, for the first time, stood the Major-Generaland the fugitive slave face to face. Beingcarefully interrogated, it appeared that they werefield-hands, the slaves of an officer in the rebelservice, who purposed taking them to Carolina tobe employed in military operations there. Two ofthem had wives in Hampton, one a free coloredwoman, and they had several children in the neighborhood.Here was a new question, and a graveone, on which the Government had as yet developedno policy. In the absence of precedents or instructions,an analogy drawn from international law wasapplied. Under that law, contraband goods, whichare in time of war be imported by neutrals into an enemy'scountry, and may be seized as lawful prizewhen the attempt is made so to import them. Itwill be seen, that, accurately speaking, the termapplies exclusively to the relation between a belligerentand a neutral, and not to the relation betweenbelligerents. Under the strict law of nations, allthe property of an enemy may be seized. Underthe common law, the property of traitors is forfeit.The humaner usage of modern times favors thewaiving of these strict rights, but allows, withoutquestion, the seizure and confiscation of all suchgoods as are immediately auxiliary to military purposes.These able-bodied negroes, held as slaves,were to be employed to build breastworks, to transportor store provisions, to serve as cooks or waiters,and even to bear arms. Regarded as property, accordingto their master's claim, they could be efficientlyused by the rebels for the purposes of therebellion, and most efficiently by the Governmentin suppressing it. Regarded as persons, they hadescaped from communities where a triumphant rebellionhad trampled on the laws, and only the rightsof human nature remained, and they now asked theprotection of the Government, to which, in prevailingtreason, they were still loyal, and which theywere ready to serve as best they could.  The three negroes, being held contraband of war,were at once set to work to aid the masons in constructinga new bakehouse within the fort. Thenceforwardthe term "contraband" bore a new signification,with which it will pass into history, designatingthe negroes who had been held as slaves, nowadopted under the protection of the Government.It was used in official communications at the fort.It was applied familiarly to the negroes, who staredsomewhat, inquiring, "What d'ye call us that for?"Not having Wheaton's "Elements" at hand, we didnot attempt an explanation. The contraband notionwas adopted by Congress in the Act of July6th, which confiscates slaves used in aiding the insurrection.There is often great virtue in suchtechnical phrases in shaping public opinion. Theycommend practical action to a class of minds littledeveloped in the direction of the sentiments, whichwould be repelled by formulas of a broader andnobler import. The venerable gentleman, whowears gold spectacles and reads a conservative daily,prefers confiscation to emancipation. He is reluctantto have slaves declared freemen, but has noobjection to their being declared contrabands. Hiswhole nature rises in insurrection when Beecherpreaches in a sermon that a thing ought to be donebecause it is a duty, but he yields gracefully whenButler issues an order commanding it to be donebecause it is a military necessity. On the next day, Major John B. Cary, anotherrebel officer, late principal of an academy in Hampton,a delegate to the Charleston Convention, and aseceder with General Butler from the Conventionat Baltimore, came to the fort with a flag of trace,and, claiming to act as the representative of ColonelMallory, demanded the fugitives. He remindedGeneral Butler of his obligations under the FederalConstitution, under which be claimed to act. Theready reply was, that the Fugitive Slave Act couldnot be invoked for the reclamation of fugitives froma foreign State, which Virginia claimed to be, andshe must count it among the infelicities of her position,if, so far at least, she was taken at her word. The three pioneer negroes were not long to beisolated from their race. There was no knownchannel of communication between them and theirold comrades,' and yet those comrades knew, or believedwith the certainty of knowledge, how theyhad been received. If inquired of whether morewere coming, their reply was, that, if they were notsent back, others would understand that they wereamong friends, and more would come the next day.Such is the mysterious spiritual telegraph whichruns through the slave population. Proclaim anedict of emancipation in the hearing of a singleslave on the Potomac, and in a few days it will beknown by his brethren on the Gulf. So, on thenight of the Big; Bethel affair, a squad-of negroes,meeting our solders, inquired anxiously the way to"the freedom fort.' The means of communicating with the fort fromthe open country became snore easy, when on the24th of May, (the same day on which the firstmovement was made from Washington into Virginiathe Second Sew York Regiment made itsencampment on the Segar farm, lying near thebridge which connected the fort with the main-landan encampment soon enlarged by the First Vermontand other New York Regiments. On Sundaymorning, Mar 26th, eight negroes stood before thequarters of General Butler, waiting for an audience.They were examined in part by the Hon. Mr.Ashley, M.C. from Ohio, then a visitor at the fort.On May 27th, forty-seven negroes of both sexes andail ages, from three months to eighty-five years,among whom were half a dozen entire families, camein one squad. Another lot of a dozen good fieldhandsarrived the same day; and then they continuedto come by twenties, thirties, and forties.They were assigned buildings outside of the fort ortents within. They were set to work as servants toofficers, or to store provisions landed from vessels,—thus relieving as of the fatigue duty which we hadpreviously done, except that of dragging and mountingcolumbiads on the ramparts of the fort, a servicewhich some very warm days have impressed on mymemory. On the 27th of May, the 4th Massachusetts Regiment,the 1st Vermont, and some New York Regimentsmade an advance movement, and occupiedNewport News, (a promontory named for CaptainChristopher Newport, the early explorer.) so asmore effectually to enforce the blockade of JamesRiver. There, too, negroes came in, who were employedas servants to the officers. One of them, whenwe left the fort, more fortunate than his comrades,and aided by a benevolent captain, eluded the vigilanceof the Provost Marshal, and is now the curiosityof a village in the neighborhood of Boston. It was now time to call upon the Government fora policy in dealing with slave society thus disruptedand disorganized. Elsewhere, even under theshadow of the Capitol, the action of military officershad been irregular, and in some cases in palpableviolation of personal rights. An order of GeneralMcDowell excluded all slaves from the lines. Sometimesofficers assumed to decide the question whethera negro was a slave, and deliver him to a claimant,when, certainly in the absence of martial law, theyhad no authority in the premises, under the Act ofCongress,—that power being confided to commissionersand marshals. As well might a member ofCongress or a State sheriff usurp the function.Worse yet, in defiance of the Common Law, theymade color a presumptive proof of bondage. Inone ease, a free negro was delivered to a claimantunder this process, more summary than any whichthe Fugitive Slave Act provides. The colonel of aMassachusetts regiment showed some practical humorin dealing with a pertinacious claimant whoasserted title to a negro round within his lines, andhad brought a policeman along with him to aid inis,) retaining the policeman, put both the claimantand claimed outside of the lines together to trytheir fleetness. The negro proved to be the bettergymnast and was heard of no more. This capricioustreatment of the subject was fraught with seriousdifficulties as well as personal injuries, and itneeded to be displaced by an authorized system. On the 27th of May, General Butler, having ina previous communication reported his interviewwith Major Cary, called the attention of the WarDepartment to the subject in a formal dispatch,—indicating the hostile purposes for which the negroeshad been or might be successfully used, statingthe course be bad pursued in employing them andrecording expenses and services, and suggestingpertinent military, political, and humane considerations.The Secretary of War, under date of the30th of May, replied, cautiously approving thecourse of General Butler, and intimating distinctionsbetween interfering with the relations of personsheld to service and refusing to surrender themto their alleged masters, which it is not easy toreconcile with well-defined views of the new exigency,or at least with a desire to express them.The note was characterized by diplomatic reservewhich it will probably be found difficult long tomaintain. The ever-recurring question continued to pressfor solution. On the 6th of July, the Act of Congresswas approved, declaring that any person claimingthe labor of another to be due to him, and permittingsuch party to be employed in any militaryor naval service whatsoever against the Governmentof the United States, shall forfeit his claim to suchlabor, and proof of such employment shall thereafterbe a full answer to the claim. This act wasdesigned for the direction of the civil magistrate,and not for the limitation of powers derived frommilitary law. That law, founded on salus reipublican,transcends all codes, and lies outside of forms andstatutes. John Quincy Adams, almost prophesyingas be expounded, declared, in 1842, that under itslavery might be abolished. Under it, therefore,Major-General Fremont, in a recent proclamation,declared the slaves of all persons within his department,who were in arms against the Government,to be freemen, and under it has given title-deeds ofmanumission. Subsequently, President Lincoln limitedthe proclamation to such slaves as are includedin the Act of Congress, namely, the slaves of rebelsneed in directly hostile service. The country hadcalled for Jacksonian courage, and its first exhibitionwas promptly suppressed If the revocation was madein deference to protests from Kentucky, it seemsthat, while the loyal citizens of Missouri appeared toapprove the decisive measure, they were overruledby the more potential voice of other communitieswho professed to understand their affairs batter thanthey did themselves. But if, as is admitted, thecommanding officer, in the plenitude of militarypower, was authorized to make the order within hisdepartment, all human beings included in the proclamationthereby acquired a vested title to theirfreedom, of which neither Congress nor Presidentcould dispossess them. No conclusive behests oflaw necessitating the limitation, it cannot rant onany safe reasons of military policy. The one slavewho carries his master's knapsack on a march contributesfar less to the efficiency of the rebel anythan the one hundred slaves who hoe corn on hisplantation with which to replenish its commissariatWe have not yet emerged from the fine-drawn distinctionsof peaceful times. We may imprison orslaughter a rebel, hot we may not unless his holdon a person ha has claimed as a slave. We mayseize all his other property without question, lands,houses, cattle, jewels; but his asserted property mman is more sacred than the fold which overlay theArk of the Covenant, and we may not profane itThis reverence for things assumed to be sacred,which are not so, cannot long continue. The Governmentcan well turn away from the enthusiast,however generous his impulses, who asks the abolitionof slavery on general principles of philanthropy,for the reason that it already has workenough on its bands. It may not change the objectsof the war, but it must of necessity at times shiftits tactics and its instruments, as the exigency demands.Its solemn and imperative duty is to lookevery issue, however grave and transcendent, firmlyin the face; and having ascertained, upon matureand conscientious reflection what is necessary to sup pentthe rebellion it must then proceed with inexorablepurpose to inflict the blows where rebellionis weakest, and under which it must inevitably fall. salus reipublican On the 10th of July, General Butler, being stillapprovided with adequate instruction—the numberof contrabands baring now reached nine hundred,—applied to the War Department for furtherdirections. His inquiries, inspired by good senseand humanity alike, were of the moat fundamentalcharacter, and when they shall have received a fullanswer, the war will be near its end. Attaining theslaves to hare been the property of masters, be considersthem waifs abandoned by their owners, inwhich the Government as a finder cannot, however,acquire a proprietary interest, and they have thereforereverted to the normal condition of those madein God's image, M if not free-born, yet free-manumitted,sent forth from the hand that held them, neverto return." The author of that document maynever win a victor's laurels on any renowned field,bat, depositing it in the archives of the Government,be leaves a record in history which will out-lastthe traditions of battle or siege. It is proper toadd, that the answer of the War Department, sofar as its meaning is clear, leaves the General uninstructedas to all slaves not confiscated by the Act ofCongress. * * * * * * The negroes who remained, [in Hampton, afterthe flight of their tauten,] of whom there mayhave been three hundred of all ages, lived in smallwooden shanties, generally in the rear of the master'shouse, rarely having more than one room onthe lower floor, and that containing an open fireplacewhere the cooking for the master's family wasdone, tables, chairs, dishes, and the miscellaneousstencils of household life. The masters had takenwith them, generally, their waiting-maids and house-servants,and had desired to carry all their slaveswith them. But in the hasty preparations,—particularlywhere the slaves were living away fromtheir master's close, or had a family,—it was difficultto remove them against their will, as they couldskulk for a few hours and then go where theypleased. Some voluntarily left their slaves behind,not having the means to provide for them, or, anticipatinga return at no distant day, desired themto stay and guard the property. The slaves who remainedlived upon the little pork and corn-mealthat were left and the growing vegetables. Theyhad but little to do The women looked after theirmeagre household concerns, but the men were generallyidle, standing in groups, or sitting in front ofthe shanties talking with the women. Some beganto serve our officers as soon as we were quartered inthe town, while a few others set up cake-standsupon the street that some breastworks should be thrown up, and aline was planned extending from the old cemeterynorthward to the new one, a quarter of a mile distant.Our own troops were disinclined to the labor,their time being nearly expired, and they claimingthat they had done their share of fatigue duty bothat the fort and at Newport News. A member ofBrigadier-General Pierce's staff—an efficient officerand a humane gentleman—suggested the employmentof the contrabands and the furnishing of themwith rations, an expedient best for them and agreeableto us. He at once dictated a telegram to GeneralButler in then words:—"shall we pot the contrabandsto work on the intrenchmenta, and willyon furnish them with rations?" An affirmativeanswer was promptly received on Monday morning,July 8th, and that was the first day in the course ofthe war in which the negro was employed upon themilitary works of our army. It therefore marks adistinct epoch in its progress and in its relations tothe colored population. The writer—and henceforthhis narrative must indulge in the frequent useof the first person—was specially detailed from hispost as private in Company L of the Third Regimentto collect the contrabands, record their names,ages, and the names of their matters, provide theirtools, superintend their labor, and procure their rations.My comrades smiled, as I undertook thenovel duty, enjoying the spectacle of a MassachusettsRepublican converted into a Virginia slave-master.To me, it seemed rather an opportunity totoad them from the boon of bondage never to return.For, whatever may be the general duty tothis race, to all such as we have in any way employedto aid our armies, our national faith and ourpersonal honor are pledged. The code of a gentleman,to say nothing of a higher law of rectitude,necessitates protection to this extent. Abandoningone of then faithful allies, who, if delivered up,would be reduced to severer servitude became ofthe education he had received and the services hehad performed, probably to be transported to theremotest slave region as now too dangerous to remainnear its borders, we should be accursed amongthe nations of the earth. I felt assured that fromthat hour, whatsoever the fortunes of the war, everyone of those enrolled defenders of the Union hadvindicated beyond all future question, for himself,his wife, and their issue, a title to American citizenCharta, the Declaration of Independence, and theConstitution of the United States.  Passing through the principal streets, I told thecontrabands that when they heard the court-housebell, which would ring soon, they must go to thecourt-house yard, where a communication would bemade to them, In the meantime, I secured the valuableservices of some fellow-privates, one forquarter-master two others to aid in superintending,at the trenches, and the orderly-sergeant of any owncompany, whose expertness in the drill was equaledonly by his general good sense and business capacity.Upon the ringing of the bell, about forty contrabandscame to Urn yard. A second explorationadded to the number some twenty or more, who hadnot heard the original sunstones They then cameinto the building, where they wore called to orderand addressed I had argued to judges and juries,but I had never spoken to such auditors before in acourt-room. I told them that the colored men hadbeen employed on the breastworks of she rebels,and we needed their aid—tent they would he requiredto do only each labor as we cur salved haddone—that they should be treated Madly, and socan should be obliged to work beyond his capacityor if unwell—and that they should be furnished ina day or two with full soldiers rations. I told themthat their master had said they were an indolentpeople—that I did not believe the charge—that Iwas going home to Massachusetts soon and shouldbe glad to report that they were as industries asthe white. They generally showed no displeasure,same even saying that not having done much forsome time it the best thing for them to be nowemployed. Four of five man ever fifty years oldsaid that they suffered from rheumatism, and couldnot work without injury.  Being confirmed by theby-standers, they were dismissed.  Other old mensaid they would do what they could, and they wereassured that no more would be required of them.Two of them, provided with a bucket and dipperwere detailed to carry water all the time along theline of laborers. Two young men fretted a little,and claimed to be disabled in some way. Theywere told to resume their seats, and try first andsee what they could do,—to the evident amusementof the rest, who knew them to be indolent and disposedto shirk. A few showed some sulkiness, butit all passed away after the first day, when theyfound that they were to be used kindly. One well-dressedyoung man, a carpenter, feeling a little betterthan his associates, did not wear a pleasant faceat first. Finding out his trade, we set him to sawingthe posts for the entrenchments, and he was entirelyreconciled. Free colored men were not requiredto work; but one volunteered, wishing, ashe said, to do his part. The contrabands complainedthat the free colored men ought to be requiredto work on the entrenchments as well asthey. I thought so too, but followed my orders. Afew expressed some concern lest their masters shouldpunish them for serving us, if they ever returned.One inquired suspiciously why we took the name ofhis master. My reply was, that it was taken inorder to identify them,—an explanation with whichhe was more satisfied than I was myself. Severalwere without shoes, and amid that they could notdrive the shovel into the earth. They were told touse the picks. The rest of the forenoon being occupiedin registering their names and ages, and thenames of their masters, they were dismissed to cometogether on the ringing of the bell, at two, P.M. It had been expressly understood that I was tohave the exclusive control and supervision of thenegroes, directing their boars of labor and theirrests, without interference from any one. The workitself was to be planned and superintended by theofficers of the Third and Fourth Regiments. Thisexclusive control of the men was necessarily confidedto one, as different lieutenants detailed eachday could not feel a responsibility for their welfare.One or two of these, when rests were allowed thenegroes, were somewhat disgusted, saying that negroescould dig all the time as well as not. I hadhad, some years before, an experience with the use ofthe shovel under a warm sun, and knew better, andI wished I could superintend a corps of lieutenantsand apply their own theory to themselves. At two, P.M., the contrabands came together,answered to their names, and, each taking a shovel,a spade, or a pick, began to work upon the breast-worksfarthest from the village and close to the newcemetery. The afternoon was very warm, thewarmest we had in Hampton. Some, used only tohousehold or other light work, wilted under theheat, and they were told to go into the cemeteryand lie down. I remember distinctly a corpulentcolored man, down whose cheeks the perspirationrolled, and who said be felt badly. He also was toldcame back relieved, and where was no more laborer among them all during the rest of the time.Twice or three times in the afternoon an intermissionof fifteen minutes was allowed to all. Thusthey worked until six in the evening, when theywere dismissed for the day. They deposited theirtools in the court-house, where each one of his ownaccord carefully put his pick or shovel where hecould find it again,—sometimes behind a door, andsometimes in a sly corner or under a seat, preferringto keep his own tool. They were then informedthat they must come together on the ringingof the bell the next morning at four o'clock. Theythought that too early, but they were assured thatthe system best for Weir health would be adopted,and they would afterwards be consulted about changingit. The next morning we did not rise quite soearly as four, and the bell was not rang till someminutes later. The contrabands were prompt, theirnames had been called, and they had marched tothe trenches, a quarter of a mile distant, and werefairly at work by half-past four or a quarter beforefive. They did excellent service during the morninghours, and at seven were dismissed till eight.The roll was then called again, absences, if any,noted, and by half-past eight they were at theirpost. They continued at the trenches till eleven,being allowed rests, and were then dismissed untilthree, P.M. being relieved four hours in the middleof the day, when, the bell being rung, and theroll called, they resumed their work and continuedtill six, when they were dismissed for the day. Suchwere the hours and usual course of their labor.Their number was increased some half dozen byfugitives from the back-country, who came in andasked to be allowed to serve on the intrenchments.  The contrabands worked well, and in no instancewas it found necessary for the superintendents tourge them. There was a public opinion among themagainst idleness, which answered for discipline.Some days they worked with oar soldiers, and itwas found that they did more work, and did thenicer parts—the facings and dressings better. ColonelsPackard and Wardrop, under whom directionthe breast-works were constructed, and GeneralButler, who visited than, expressed satisfaction atthe work which the contrabands had dose. On the14th of July, Mr. Russell, of the London Times,and Dr. Ballows, of the Sanitary Commission, cameto Hampton, and manifested much interest at theof the experiment. The result was, indeed,A subaltern officer, to whom I had insistedthat the contrabands should be treated withkindness, had encored at the idea of applying philanthropicnotions in time of war. It was found then,as always, that decent persons will accomplish morewhen treated at least like human beings. Thesame principle, if we will but credit our own experience, and Mr. Rarey too, may with advantage beextended to our relations with the beasts thatserve us. London Times Three day after the contrabands commencedtheir work, five days' rations were served to them—a soldier's ration for each laborer, and half a rationfor each dependant. The allowance was liberal,—as a soldier's ration, if properly cooked, is morethan he generally needs, and the dependant forwhom a half ration was received might be a wife ora half grown child. It consisted of salt beef orpork, hard bread, beans, rice, coffee, sugar, soap,and candle, and where the family was large, itmade a considerable pile. The recipients wenthome, appearing perfectly satisfied, and feeling assuredthat our promises to them would be performed.On Sunday, fresh most was served to themin the same manner as to the troops. There was one striking feature in the contrabandswhich most not be omitted. I did not heara preface or vulgar word spoken by them duringmy superintendence, a remark which it will be difficultto make of any sixty-four white man taken togetheranywhere in our army. Indeed, the greatestdiscomfort of a soldier, who desire to remain agentleman in the camp, in the perpetual reiterationof language which no decent lips would utter in asister's presence. But the negroes, so dogmaticallyrecommended unit for freedom, were in this respect,models for those who make high boasts of civility ofmanners and Christian culture.  Out of the sixty-fourwho worked for us, all but half a dozen weremembers of the Church, generally the Baptist.  Althoughwithout a paster, they hold religion meetingson the Sunday which we passed in Hampton,which were attended by about sixty colored personsand three hundred soldiers.  The devotionswere decorously conducted, bating some loud shoutingby one or two excitable brothers, which the bettersense of the rest could not suppress. Theirprayers and exhortations were forvent and markedby a simplicity which is not infrequently the richesteloquence. The soldiers behaved with entire propriety,and two exhorted them with pious unction,as children of one Father, reasoned by the sameRedsemer. To this general propriety of conduct among thecontrabands intrusted to me there was only one exception,and that was in the case of Joe— hissurname I have forgotten. He was of a vagrantdisposition and an inveterate shirk. He had aplausible speech and a disterted imagination, andmight be called a demagogue among darkies. Hebore as ill physiognomy,—that of one "fit for treasonsstratagems and spoils. He was disliked bythe other contrabands and had been refused admissionto their Church, which he wished to join in orderto get up a character. Last, but not least,among his sins, he was accustomed to beat his wife,of which she accused him in my presence; whereuponhe justified himself on the brazen assumptionthat all husbands did the same. There was no goodreason to believe that he had already been temperedwith by rebels; but his price could not be morethan five dollars. He would be a disturbing elementamong the laborers on the breastworks and hewas a dangerous person to be so near the lines; wetherefore sent him to the fort. The last I heard ofhim, he was at the Rip Raps, bemoaning his isolation,and the butt of our soldiers there, who chargedhim with being a "search," and confounded himby gravely asserting that they were such themselves,and had seen him with the "secesh" at Yorktown.This was the single goat among the sheep. our On Monday evening, July 15th, when the contrabandsdeposited their tools in the court-house I requestedthem to stop a moment in the yard. I madeeach a present of some tobacco, which all the menand most of the women use. As they gathered in acircle around me, head peering over head, I spoketo them briefly, thanking them for their cordialwork, and complimenting their behavior, remarkingthat I had heard no profuse or vulgar word fromthem, in which they were an example to us,—addingthat it was the last time I should meet them, aswe were to march homeward in the morning andthat I should bear to my people a good report of theirindustry and morals. There was another word that Icould not leave without speaking. Never beforein our history had a Northern man, believing in thedivine right of all men to their liberty, had an I should have been false to all that is true and sacred,if I had let it pass. I said to them that therewas one more word for me to add, and that was,that every one of them was as much entitled to hisfreedom as I was to mine and I hoped they wouldnow all secure it. "Believe you, bess," was thegeneral response, and each one with his rough gravellyhand grasped mine, and with tearful eyes andbroken utterances said, "God bless you!" "Maywe meet in Heaven!" "My name is Jack Allen,don't forget me!" "Remember me, Kent Anderson!"and so on. No,—I may forget the play-fellowsof my childhood my college classmates, myprofessional associates my comrades in arms, butI will remember you and your benedictions until Icause to breathe! Farewell, honest hearts, longingto be free! and may the kind Providence whichforgets not the sparrow shelter and protect you!  During our encampment at Hampton, I occupiedmuch of my leisure time in conversation with thecontrabands, both at their work and in their shanties,endeavoring to collect their corrents of thoughtand feeling. It remains for me to give the result,so far as any could be arrived at. There were more negroes of unmixed Africansblood than we expected to find. But many wereentirely bleached. One man, working on thebreastworks, onward by his cousin, where name hebore, was no darker than white laborers exposed bytheir occupation to the sun, and could not be distinguishedas of negro descent. Opposite our quarterswas a young slave woman who has been threetimes a mother without ever having been a wife.You could not discorn in her three daughterseither in color, feature, or texture of hair, the slightesttrace of African lineage. They were as light-facedand fair-haired as the Saxon slaves whom theRoman Pentiff, Gregery the Great, met in the marketsof Rome. If they were to be brought here andtheir pedigree concealed. they could readily minglewith our population and marry white men, whowould never suspect that they were not pure Caucasians. From the best knowledge I could obtain, the negroesin Hampton had rarely been severely whipped.A locust-tree in front of the jail had beenused for a whipping post, and they were very desirousthat it should be out down. It was used, howeveronly for what are known there as figurant offenceslike running away. Their masters, when inill-temper had used rough language and inflictedchance blows, but no one ever told me that he hadsuffered from systematic cruelty, or been severelywhipped except Jan, whom character I have given.Many of them bore testimony to the great kindnessof their masters and mistresses. Separation of families had been frequent. Ofthis I obtained definite knowledge. When I wasregistering the number of dependants, preparatoryto the requisition for rations, the answer occasionallywas, "Yes, I have a wife, but she is not here.""Where is she?" "She was sold off two years ago,and I have not heard of her since." The husbandof the women who took care of the quarters of Gen.Pierce had been sold away from her some years before.Such separations are regarded as death, and theslaves re-marry. In some case the bereft one—soan intelligent negro assured me—pines under his bereavementand loss his value; but so clastic is humannature, that this did not appear to be generallythe case. The same answer was given about children—that they had been sold away. This, in aslave breeding country, is done when they are abouteight years old. Can that be a mild system of servitudewhich permits such enforced separations?Providence may, indeed, sunder forever those dearestto each other, and the stricken soul accepts theblow as the righteous discipline of a Higher Power;but when the bereavement is the arhitrary dictateof human will, there are no such consolations tosanctify grief and assuage agony. There is a universal desire among the slaves to befree.  Upon this point my inquiries were particular,and always with the same result.  When we said tothem, "You don't want to be free—your masterssay you don't".—they manifested much indignation,answer, "We do want to be free,—we want tobe for ourselves."  We inquired further, "Do thehouse slaves who wear their master's clothes want tobe free?"  "We never heard of one who did not,"was the instant reply. There might be, they said,some half-crazy one who did not care to be free, butthey had never seen one. Even old men and women,with crooked backs, who could hardly walk orsee, shared the same feeling. An intelligence secessionist,Lowery by name, who was examined at headquarters,admitted that a majority of the slaveswanted to be free. The more intelligent the slave,and the better he had been used, the stronger thisdesire seamed to be. I remember one such particularly,the most intelligent one hi Hampton, knownm an "influential darkey," ("darkey" being thefamiliar term applied by the contrabands to themselves.)He could read, was an exhorter in thechurch, and officiated in the absence of the minister.He would have made a competent juryman. Hismistress, he said, had been kind to him, and hadnever spoken as harshly to him as a captain's orderlyin the Naval Brigade had done, who assumedone day to give him orders. She had let him workwhere be pleased, and he was to brine her a fixedBum, and appropriate the surplus to his own use.She pleaded with, bin to go away with her fromHampton at the time of the exodus, but she wouldnot force him to leave hit family. Still be hated tobe a slave, and be talked like a philosopher abouthis rights. No captive in the galleys of Algiers,not Lafayette in an Austrian dungeon, ever pinedmore for free air. He had saved eighteen hundreddollars of his surplus earnings in attendingon visitors at Old Point, and had spent it all inlitigation to secure the freedom of his wife and children,belonging to another master, whose will hademancipated them, but was contested on the groundof the insanity of the testator. He had won a verdict,but his lawyers told him they could not obtainjudgment upon it, as the judge was unfavorable tofreedom.  The moat frequent question asked of one who hashad any means of communication with the contrabandsduring the war is in relation to their knowledgeof its cause and purposes, and their interestin it. One thing was evident,—indeed, you couldnot talk with a slave who did not, without prompting,give the same testimony,—that their mastershad been most industrious in their attempts topersuade them that the Yankees were comingdown there only to get the land, —that theywould kill the negroes and manure the groundwith them, or carry them off to Cuba or Haytiand sell them. An intelligent man who hadbelonged to Colonel Joseph Segar—almost the onlyUnion man at heart in that region, and who for thatreason, being in Washington at the time the war began,had not dared to return to Hampton—servedthe staff of General Pierce. He bore the highesttestimony to the kindness of his matter, who, bewild, told him to remain,—that the Yankees werethe friends of his people, and would use them well."But," said David,—for that was his name,—"Inever beard of any other master who talked thatway, but they all told the worst stories about theYankees, and the mistresses were more furious eventhan the masters." David, I may add, spite of hisgood master, longed to be free. The masters, in their desperation, had within afew months resorted to another device to secure theloyalty of their slaves. The colored Baptist ministerhad been something of a pet among the whites,and had obtained subscriptions from some benevolentcitizens to secure the freedom of a handsomedaughter of his who was exposed to sale on anauction-Mock, where her beauty inspired competition.Some leading Secessionists, Lawyer Hope forone, working somewhat upon his gratitude andsomewhat upon his vanity, persuaded him to offerthe services of himself and his sons, in a publishedcommunication, to the cause of Virginia and theConfederate States. The artifice did not succeed.He lost his hold on his congregation, and could nothave safely remained after the whites left. He feltuneasy about his betrayal, and tried to restorehimself to favor by saying that be meant no harmto his people; but his protestations were in vain.His was the deserved fate of those in all ages who,victims of felly or bribes, turn their backs on theirfollows. Notwithstanding all these attempts, the negroes,with rare exceptions, still Relieved that the Yankeeswere their friends. They had learned something inPresidential elections, and they thought their masterscould not hate us as they did, unless we weretheir friends. They believed that the troubleswould some bow or other help them, although theydid not understand all that was going on: Theymay be pardoned for their want of apprehension,when some of our public men, almost venerable,bewildered and grope blindly. They were somewhatperplexed by the contradictory statements ofour soldiers, some of whom, according to theirwishes, said that the contest was for them, and othersthat it did not concern them at all, and theywould remain as before. If it was explained tothem, that Lincoln was chosen by a party who wereopposed to extending slavery, but who were also.opposed to interfering with it in Virginia,—thatVirginia and the South had rebelled, and we hadcome to suppress the rebellion,—and although the objectof the war was not to emancipate them, yet thatnight be its result,—they answered that they understoodthe statement perfectly. They did not seeminclined to fight, although willing to work. Morecould not be expected of them, while nothing ispromised to them. What latent inspirations theymay have remains to be seen. They had at first amysterious dread of fire-arms, but familiarity is rapidlyremoving that. The religions element of their life has been noticed.They said they had prayed for this day, andGod had sent Lincoln in answer to their prayers.We used to overhear their family devotions, somewhatloud according to their manner, in which theyprayed earnestly for our troops. They built theirhopes of freedom on Scriptural examples, regardingthe deliverance of Daniel from the lions' den, andthe Three-Children from the furnace, as symbolic oftheir coming freedom. One said to me that masters,before they died, by their wills sometimes freedtheir slaves, and he thought that a type that theyshould become free. type One Saturday evening, one of them requestedme to call and see Mm at his home the next morning.I did so, and be handed me a Bible belongingto his mistress, who bad died a few days before, andwhose bier I bad helped to carry to the family vault.He wanted me to read to him the eleventh chapterof Daniel. It seemed that, as one of the means ofkeeping them quiet, the white clergymen, during thewinter and spring, had read them some verses fromit to show that the Sooth would prevail, enforcingpassages which ascribed great dominion to "theking of the South," and suppressing those which subsequentlygive the supremacy to "the king of theNorth." A colored man who could road had foundthe latter passages and made them known. Thechapter is dark with mystery, and my auditor, quiteperplexed at I read on', remarked, "The Bible is avery mysterious book." I read to him also the thirty-fourthchapter of Jeremiah, wherein the sadprophet of Israel records the denunciations by Jehovahof sword, pestilence and famine against theJews for not proclaiming liberty to their servantsand handmaids. He had not known before thatthere were such passages in the Bible. The conversations of the contrabands on theirtitle to be regarded as freemen showed reflection.When asked if they thought themselves fit forfreedom, and if the darkies were not buy, their answerwas," Who bat the darkies cleared all the landround here? Tea, there are lazy darkies, bat thereare more lazy whites." When told that the freeblacks had not succeeded, they answered that thefree blacks have not had a fair chance under thelaws,—that they don't dare to enforce their claimsagainst white men,—that a free colored blacksmithhad a thousand dollars due to bias from white men,but he was afraid to see for any portion of it. Oneman, when asked why he ought to be free, replied—" I feed and clothe myself, and pay my masterone hundred and twenty dollars a year; andthe one hundred and twenty dollars is just so muchtaken from me, which ought to be need to makeate and my children comfortable." Indeed, brokenas was their speech, and limited as was their knowledge,they reasoned abstractly on their rights as wellas white men, Locke or Channing might have fortifiedthe argument for universal liberty from theirsimple talk. So true is it that the best thoughtswhich the human intellect has produced hate come,not from affluent learning or ornate speech, butfrom the original element of our nature, commonto all races of men and all conditions in life; andgenius the highest and most cultured may bendwith profit to catch the lowliest of enema utterances. There was a vary general desire among the contrabandsto know how to read. A few had learned;and these, in every instance where we inquiredas to their teacher, had been taught on the sly intheir childhood by their white playmates. Othersknew their letters, but could not "put them together,"as they said. I remember of a summer afternoonseeing a young married women, perhaps twenty-fiveyears old, seated on a door stop withprimer before her, trying to make progress. In natural tact and the faculty of getting a livelihoodthe contrabands are inferior to the Yankees,but quite equal to the mass of the Southern population.It is not easy to see why they would be lessindustrious, if free, thee the whites, particularly asthey would have the encouragement of pages.There would be transient difficulties of the outset,but no more than a bad system lasting for agesmight be expected to leave behind. The first generationmight be unfitted for the action duties andresponsibilities of citizenship; but this difficulty, undergenerous provisions for education, would not passto the next. Even now they are not to much behindthe masses of the whites. Of the Virginianswho took the oath of allegiance at Hampton, notmore than one in fifteen could write his name, andthe rolls captured at Hatters disclose an equallydeplorable ignorance. The contrabands might beless addicted than the now dominant race to bowie-knivesand duels, think less of the value of bludgeonsas forensic arguments, be less inhospitable toinnocent sojourners from the Free States, and havefar inferior skill in robbing forts and arsenals, plunderingthe Treasury, and betraying the country atwhose crib they had fattened; but mankind wouldforgive them for not acquiring these accomplishmentsof modern treason. As a race, they may beless rigorous and thrifty than the Saxon, but theyare more social, docile and affectionate, fulfilling thetheory which Channing held in relation to them, ifadvanced to freedom and civilization. If, in the progress of the war, they should becalled to bear arms, there need be no apprehensionthat they would exhibit the ferocity of savage races.Unlike such, they have been subordinated to civilizedlife. They are by nature a religious people.They have received as education in the Christianfaith from devout teachers of their own and of thedominant race. Some have been taught (let us believeit) by the precepts of Christian masters, andsome by the children of those masters, repeating thelessons of the Sabbath School. The slaveholdersassure us that they have all been well treated.If that be so, they have no wrongs to avenge.Associated with our army, they would conform tothe stronger and more disciplined race. Nor isthis view disproved by servile insurrections. Inthose cases, the insurgents, without arms withoutallies, without discipline, but throwing themselvesagainst society, against government, against everything,saw no other escape than to devastate anddestroy without mercy in order to get a foothold.If they exterminated, it was because exterminationwas threatened against them. In the Revolution,in the army at Cambridge, from the beginning tothe close of the war, against the protests of SouthCarolina by the voice of Edward Rutledge, but withthe express sanction of Washington,—ever just,ever grateful for patriotism, whencesoever it came,—the negroes fought in the ranks with the white men,and they never dishonored the patriot cause. Soalso at the defence of New Orleans they receivedfrom General Jackson a noble tribute to their fidelityand soldier-like bearing. Weighing the questionhistorically and reflectively, and anticipating thecapture of Richmond and New Orleans, there needbe more serious apprehension of the conduct of someof our own troops recruited in large cities than ofa regiment of contrabands officered and disciplinedby white men. But, as events travel faster than laws or proclamations,already in this war with Rebellion the tworaces have served together. The same breastworkshave been built by their common toil. True andvaliant, they stood side by side in the din of cannonade,and they shared as comrades in the victoryof Hatteras. History will not fail to record, that onthe 28th day of August, 1861, when the Rebel fortswere bombarded by the Federal army and navy,under the command of Major-General Butler andCommodore Stringham, fourteen negroes, lately Virginiaslaves, now contraband of war, faithfully andwithout panic worked the after-gun of the upperdeck of the Minnesota, and hailed with a victor'spride the Stars and Stripes, as they again waved onthe soil of the Carolinas. 
