 DEAR MR. EDITOR:—Your contributors areprobably just now scattered, or scattering, over thewhole of Europe, if not farther. Having myselfbeen away from town since the 3d, I don't knowmuch of what may have been the talk there aboutthe American war, and the defeat of the Northernarmy at Manasses Junction. You may have fixedon some one to write on the subject, and in that caseyou can consign this letter to the waste-paper basket;but, if there is no one told off for this duty, Ihope you will let me volunteer, for I do think thatthe tone of all our leading journals, (so far as I havebeen able to see them in this delightfully quiet littlefishing village) has, with the single exception of TheSpectator, been ungenerous and unfair, and has notrepresented the better mind of England. At thesame time, under present circumstances, it is better,perhaps, to nut what I have to say, in the form of aletter, for which I alone am responsible. EAR R. DITOR TheSpectator In the first place, then, this defeat, this panic atManasses Junction, had it been ten times as disastrousas it has been, has not altered in the least, andcannot alter, the rights and wrongs of the great questionat issue. A truism, this, no doubt; but, for allthat, when one sees the way in which mere successis worshipped here, and the sudden spring which theSouth has made into popularity in newspaper columnssince the last mails, a truism which needs repeating!If the North were right before, they areright now, though defeated. If the Confederateswere rebels before, they are rebels still, though triumphantfor the moment. If the United States were to remain a nation atall, they had not only the right, but were bound byevery fueling of national honor, to strain every nerveto bring the secessionists to reason. How did theyset about the work? They were utterly unprepared,without troops, without officers, without militarystores. Their troops had been carefully scattered insmall detachments, over the Western and SouthernStates; the officers were almost all Southerners, whoresigned their commissions and joined the rebels;the stores bad been accumulated in the Southernforts and arsenals. They waited as long as therewas hope of an amicable arrangement; when thathope came to nothing, at the word of the President,the whole North rose as one man. That rising wasas grand, as noble a national act, as any which wehave seen, or are likely to see, in our generation.It wrung an approval, even from that portion of thepress and people of this country who were most exasperatedat the unlucky Morrill tariff, and at themenacing attitude which the President's governmentchose to assume towards us. Have they flinched from their work? We bear,indeed, of a regiment or two of volunteers, enlistedfor three months, who are going borne; but the nationhas not shown the slightest symptom of turningback. On the contrary, the President, Congress,and the nation, though they may show their resolutionin ways which do not please us — which wouldnot be ours, perhaps, under like circumstances—doshow the most unflinching resolution to go throughwith what they hate begun. When this is so nolonger, it will be time enough to sneer at them. Then, as to the battle itself, and the panic; whatis the fair view of it? By the time this letter isprinted, we may, perhaps, have full details; at present,one has nothing beyond the barest possible dispatches,and a set of one-sided accounts, written understrong excitement, to go upon. From these,however, we find that there was a determined struggleof many hours, before the Northern troops werebeaten. Jefferson Davis's dispatch begins, "ManasassJunction, Sunday night.—Night has closed upon ita hard fought field; ear forces are victorious," etcThere is no evidence whatever, as yet, that thetroops which were in action did not behave gallantly,but much the other way. Some regiments arereported as "cut to pieces." I think that these aremost likely New England or New York regiments,composed chiefly of Americans, and well organized;men who knew what they were fighting for, andhow to fight All accounts agree in the statementthat the troops which took the lead in the panic,were a rabble of all nations, Americans, Irish, Germans,and ethers, who had been hastily thrown, together,and half drilled. They will fight wellenough yet, when they have been made into regulars;but volunteers to fight well, must be borne upby enthusiasm for a cause, which have was whollywanting. And, as to the panic, we may just as wellremember what has been so well put in The Spectator,that these troops, "in their maddest excitement,did nothing which was not done by the Farmingtonwho, within five days, drove the first infantry inEurope back from the bill of Valmy." The Spectator, The advance was premature, badly pleased, andnot well executed. This is surely natural enough,at the beginning of such a war. It seems that theNorthern press are largely responsible for the movement.And here, again there are good ground heanything but contempt and hard words. On thenews of the defeat, all the best of the Northern papershave acknowledged their error, and formallyundertaken to abstain from military criticism. Ourown papers are so little in the habit of acknowledgingthemselves in the wrong, or of abstaining fromcriticism, however ill-judged, on any matter underthe sun, that I confess to being rather struck by thisaction of the American journalists. While speaking of American journals, I may remarkthat the passages cited in The Times, and otherpapers, which have so disgusted and angeredmany of us, are from the New York Herald, a notoriouslySouthern paper, and one of the most scurrilousjournals in the whole States. At the breakingout of the war, the office of this paper was with difficultypreserved from destruction. Since that time,it has not dared to show its Southern sympathies,but has devoted itself, in the obvious interests of itsclients, to the work of embroiling the NorthernStates with us, by its unscrupulous and lying virulence.I quite admit that the tone of the governmentand people of the North has been such as deeply togrieve and disappoint every right-minded Englishmen;but don't let us saddle them with the franticslanders of the New York Herald . These mustbe put, in all fairness, to the credit of the South. The Times Herald Herald Hitherto I have been speaking without immediatereference to the great cause in issue. I believe that,apart from that cause, the North are entitled to oargood wishes. They are in the right, apart from allquestion of slavery. If they really mean to leave"State rights" untouched—if they are not evenfighting to keep "the territories" free—if, as weare often told in newspaper articles, slavery hasnothing to ear to the war at all—I must repeat thatthey are emphatically right. But does anybody seriously believe this? Willany serious person get up and say, in his own name,or write in his own name, that the meaning of thewhole war—the point really at issue, from first tolast—has not bean, and is not, (to pot it at the lowest)whether slavery shall be confined to its presentlimits in North America, or allowed to extend asand where it can? That was the issue; perhaps itis so still. But those who entered on the war withthis as the goal of their hopes and efforts, who wouldgladly have accented the limitation of slavery to itspresent limits a few months or weeks ago, will, unlessthey are very different men from what I believethem to be—unless the teaching of all history is vain—not be content now with, this compromise. Thegreat cause of freedom will draw them, and the nationafter them, along paths which they would neverhave sought for themselves. was It is the battle of human freedom which the Northare fighting, and which should draw to them thesympathy of every Englishman, and make him castto the winds all Morrill tariffs and angry talk aboutCanada, all bad manners, and hard words. If theNorth is beaten, it will be a misfortune such as hasnot come on the world since Christendom arose.An empire will be founded in these Southern Stateson the simple base of slavery, having no other startingpoint or principle, whatever, than their right toenslave men of their own flesh and blood. It is ofno use to speculate upon what the acts and policy ofsuch a State will be. The world will see that soonenough, should it arise. Meantime the NorthernStates stand alone between us and it, and the greatestmisfortune which can happen to us and to mankind,will be their defeat. God grant that they may hold on, and be strong!Gal grant that they may remember that the greatesttriumphs have always come, and must alwayscome to men, through the greatest humiliations.God himself could not set men free but through thisrule. I am yours very truly, THOMAS HUGHES. 
