 Extract from a speech delivered by John B. Haskin,late Representative in Congress from the WestchesterDistrict, N.Y.:— The day of the Bull Run disaster 1 was at FortressMonroe, and there I saw the "contrabands,"as they are called. I talked with many of them, andI could not hear of a single one of their race whohad taken up arms against the rebels who have marshaledagainst the government their bondmen andtheir fierce and savage Indians. I very much doubtwhether the four million of negroes, who are nowsteeped in slavery and abject misery, are yet fit forfreedom. The President has proved, by his actionin the matter, that he is a Jackson. He proclaimsnot only that the Constitution, the Union, and thelaws shall be maintained by others, of whatever sectionbut that he will maintain them himself in everybranch of his Administration. * * * * Let us disregardthe theories of fanatics. North and South.Only a short time since, Wendell Phillips, in Boston,on the anniversary of the birth of Theodore Parker,proclaimed aloud that he was opposed to theConstitution of 1787, and to the Union which hasconferred so many blessings upon mankind, becauseslavery was tolerated. That was as treasonable adeclaration as that of Yancey, and other Southernmen. that the Southern States have a right to secede.I admire Wendell Phillips as an eloquent orator; yet1 must say that for the utterance of his treasonablesentiments against the Constitution and the Union,he ought, as well as the aristocrat, Charles JamesFaulkner, to be incarcerated in Fort Lafayette.* *I see such men as Wendell Phillips, Lewis Tappan,John Jay, of this county, and who, in years gone by,obtained an ephemeral legal notoriety by issuingwrits of habeas corpus in behalf of fugitive slaves,Good ell, and others of the Garrisoning abolitionschool, doing all in their power, like the Breckenridge.to distract our people. They ought to knowthat their declaration that the Constitution is "aleague with the devil, and a covenant with hell," andtheir anathemas against Lincoln and his Administration,may incite an indignant people to shout, "A lalanterne!" "A la Fort Lafayette!" and inducethem thus to remove from their midst a band of pestiferousagitators.(Applause.)We owe it to ourselves,we owe it to the country, we owe it to theSouthern citizens who have remained devoted to theUnion through blood and disaster, that these fanatics,North and South, should be "crushed out." In theSouth. Let us disregardthe theories habeas corpus A lalanterne!" "Many dream, withal, the hoar is nighThat gives them back their fathers' heritage."  Do not let them imagine that the North is abolition zed,and that (Garrison, and Phillips, and Jay, areexponents of the Northern people. (Cries of "that'sright," and applause.) 
