 On Wednesday, Miss Remond attended at twelveo'clock at the Red Lion Hotel to address a few wordschiefly to the ladies. ROBERT GASKELL, Esq., read the address which hadbeen presented at the former meeting, and which itwas wished the company should sign. He advertedto the attempt that was being made to introducewhat was almost analogous to slavery—tree immigrantsinto the West Indian Islands. ASKELL MISS REMOND then spoke, and her remarks chieflybare on the sufferings and indignities which wereperpetrated on her sisters in America, and the fearfulamount of licentiousness which everywhere pervadedthe Southern States. This fact would he bestrealized when she stated that there were 800,00mulattoes in the Southern States of America—thefruits of licentiousness—bringing nothing but desolationin the hearts of the mother who bore them,and it ought to have brought shame to the fathers;but them was no respect for morality whim the ministersof the gospel and statesman of the south didnot set an example which even their slaves could follow.She preferred, however, giving them unquestionable facts instand of personal statements whichshe might offer, and to this and read several extractsfrom books, all proving that the system of slaveryand the immorality it engenders are eating out thevitals of the country, and destroying domestic happiness,not only amongst the subject race, busamongst the families of slaveholders. She then reada graphic description of a young and beautiful girlat a slave sale. The auctioneer was offered 1,000dollars for her at first. He then expatiated on thesuperior education she possessed, and 600 dollarsmore were offered, and lastly he commented on thereligious and moral principles she held, when sherace to 2,000 dollars, at which she was knockeddown. Thus 1,000 dollars ware paid for her blood,bone, and sinew, 600 for her improved intellect, and400 more for the profession of the religion of Christ!Miss Remond further treated her subject, and inconcluding said she intended to have said more, buther strength failed her. ISS EMOND At the conclusion, Mrs.ASMTON advanced towardsMiss Remond. and after addressing her in a few mostaffectionate sentiments, said felt proud to acknowledgeher as a sister, and she, in common withher sex present, entertained the most heartfelt sympathywith her in the object she proposed to herselfto endeavor to carry out. As a slight expression oftheir sympathy and esteem, she begged, on the partof the ladies of Warrington, to present her with awatch, on which was inscribed— SMTON 'Presented to S.P.Remond by Englishwomen, hersisters, in Warrington. February 2nd, 1859.' MISS REMOND was so taken by surprise at thismanifestation of feeling towards her, that her utterancewas for some moments prevented by her emotions.At length she said—I do not need this testimonial.I have been received here as a sister bywhite women for the first time in my life. I havebeen removed from the degradation which overhangsall persons of my complexion; and I lave felt mostdeeply that since I have been in Warrington and inEngland, I have received a sympathy I never wasoffered before. I had therefore no need of this testimonialof sympathy, but I it as the representativeof my race with pleasure. In this spiritI accept it, and I believe I shall be faithful to thatrace now and forever. Miss Remond then sat down. ISS EMOND Mrs.GASKELL informed the ladies present thatMiss Remond was hardly well. She bad bean ill onher voyage, and aha came to Warrington before shehad fully recovered She had bean persuaded togive up the lecture she proposed to deliver, butsuch was her earnestness of feeling that she couldnot be prevailed upon to do so. a very day addedto the admiration and love which she [Mrs.Gaskell]felt for her. She had felt in common withmany other ladies, although they were deeplyopposed to slavery, that the claims of their owntown ought to take precedence of any other considerations,and to help their neighbors should be themain object they should have at heart; there wasthe ragged school for instance, and similar institutions.Miss Remond had been pressing on her theclaims which the slave should have upon her consideration,but she bad answered that she felt shecould not do more, and that most ladies felt thesame, but Miss Remond had said to her with a lookshe should never forget, 'that, whatever might bethe claims which their own people's suffering mighthave upon the English women, there was a depth ofsuffering in America caused by slavery far surpassingit, and which demanded that they should extendtheir powers and do something towards itsremoval.' She felt now, and she hoped all presentjoined with her in feeling, that they might do somethingmore than they had done; they must widenthe circle of effort, and take in all those sufferingwomen for whom Miss Remond now pleaded. Shehad learned from their friend that they might dosomething as effectually by another course of actionas by giving their moral sympathy. She (Mrs.Gaskell) did not think this would be enough. Theymust do something tangible. She had learned thatthere wan held in America an Anti-Slavery Bazaar,which had proved a very useful auxiliary in theirefforts; and that if what had been carried on inWarrington by a few individuals for some yearscould be extended, some real and useful help mightbe afforded. She would tell them that from manytowns in England, Ireland, and Scotland, boxes hadbeen sent over for many years, containing presentsfor the bazaar. There had been one annually sentfrom Bristol by the ragged school children. Theblind had also contributed largely from some of theirinstitutions. Many schools had also sent valuableboxes. Many of the ladies of Warrington wereanxious to extend in their own town a work havingsuch a good object in view, and it was proposed annuallyto sand a box to America for the bazaar; butit had been thought advisable first to sell what theycould at home or the articles their friends might begood enough to contribute, and send over the money,which would save the expense of transit, and thecustom-house duties, which were very high. Mrs.Holmes was inviting the ladies who had been interestedin the subject to her house, and she reallyhoped some practical plan would be adopted andcommunicated to the public at large, which wouldenable every one—the working people as well as therich—to join in the promotion of the object, as atthe lata Workingmen's Bazaar, the smallest articlesent would be of service. Miss Remond dislikedtouching on matters relating to the nominally freecolored people, therefore she had that morn ng restrictedher observations to the sufferings of thebondwoman. As probably some present had notbeen at Miss Remond's former lectures, she wouldmention to them that the colored people in Americawere not allowed to sit with the ordinary congregation,and a set place was appointed for them. MissRemond had left herself unable to bear such an unrighteousseparation, and was therefore debarredfrom attending public worship. It was true thatchurches had been built for the colored people, butthey were unable to provide ministers whom an educatedperson could Aston to with profit. She wasentirely out off from public amusements. She waswant to a place where Madam Sontag was to sing,but the police threw her over the banisters, and shewas ill for six weeks from the injuries she received.Miss Remond was entirely educated by her own exertions;for she had bean debarred from school fromher childhood, being a colored person. She wasnow as they saw—an educated woman—well read inEnglish literature and the English peets. Theircolored sisters in America tins felt that they weretrampled on, and on this account she asked the helpof the ladies of Warrington. Every one might contributea little, she thought, either by devoting theirefforts in time or money to this cause, and if theyonly lightened the hearts of their poor sisters inAmerica, they would have done some good. Shethen asked those present to put the matter beforethe minds of their friends, and they would be gladto receive from any one the smallest contributionstowards the watch presented to Miss Remond—apeony would be gladly received, as they did not somuch look at the amount, as the spirit that promptedthe gift. ASKELL [☞ We are unable to give the proceedings,in consequence of the mutilation of the copy of theWarrington Times which was sent to us.] 
