 When we can speak in words of praise of a Southern,synagogue, established for the conservation ofHobraical Christianity, our readers will witness thatwe do so with special promptness and pleasure.The man-calling Saints who grasp the borns of thoseaugust altars, are usually so savagely religious, andso truculent in the quality of their grace, and insuch an costatic muddle anent Moses and Onesimus,that the devotions of this colder clime show pale andunripened in comparison; and we always feel a littlebetter qualified to discuss the Gospel accordingto Confucius, than the Gospel received by Southernprofessors. But a bit of news has reached us whichbills us with the liveliest hope and the rosiest anticipations.A paragraph is floating through the canof newspapers, which informs us that 'one of theSouth Carolina churches,' being moved to such actionby the importation of the Wanderer's slaves, has helda public meeting, and has set the signet of ecclosiasticalreprobation upon the Slave Trade in general, andthe Wanderer's trade in particular. In what templethis convocation was held, of what variety ofSouthern Christians its members were representatives,when these expressions of disapprobation wereresolved upon and published, the manndering andunsatisfactory paragraph does not inform us. Buta short examination of the resolutions in questionconvinces us that these godly gentlemen added tograce prudence, and to prudence a proper appreciationof their terrestrial interests. It may not bearises to give their righteous resolution is full: 'Resolved, That we have heard with deep regretthat a number of these native Africans are in themidst of us. That to bring untrained negroes fromAfrica, and land them upon any portion of the call ofSouth Carolina, for the purpose of making slaves ofthese, meets our unqualified disapprobation, and wewill oppose it with all the legal means within our power.We call upon our sister churches to corporatewith us in this laudable enterprise.' Our readers will notice that here is no superfisityof languages, no waste of scriptural phrases, noRowndhead canting, no evangolical flash, no hypocriticalsnuffle. This church goes at the businesswith all the coolness of a Board of Trade, and withall the sharpness of a Chamber of Commerce. Ithas 'heard with deep regret that a number of thosenative Africans are in the midst of me.' Most of uswould regret to have one native African 'in ourmidst,' to say nothing of a 'number.' But why dothose South Carolinian religionists 'regret'? Theyare good men, they are holy men, they are men whoprofess to live in the fear at least of the devil.Whence, then, these fears? Is it because there hasbeen a gross violation of the laws of God and of thisNation? Is it because there has been phracy? Is itbecause the moral sensibilities of the land have beenoutraged? Because that has been done which goodmen and prudent men hoped never to one done again?By no means. It is because' untrained Africansare in the midst of us'; from which we are left logicallyto infer that if the Africans aforesaid hadbeen 'trained' —had been export with the shoredand dexterous with the hon—bad been baptized andtaught to play upon the banjo—they would havebeen welcome to the soil, the society and the manatuariesof South Carolina. Piracy is nothing; theftis nothing; cruelty is nothing; but to buccaneerand to steal, to fetter and to flag 'untrained Africans,'is a sheer waste of enterprise, iron and hemp.And yet here we think that the saints, in the ardorof their spirits, did not give fair play to their intellects.The peculiar feature of the peculiar institutionis that it 'trains'—that it takes a raw man,and by a judicious application of raw hide, and bya reduction to wholesome rawness of the back, cookshim—if we may use the word—into a condition ofChristian and civilized browness. If we rightlyunderstand the Southern system, as expounded andelucidated by the Southern Doctors of Divinity, itsmain object, like that of Mr. Turveydrop, is 'topolish'; so that, if it were safe, it would be a parentalkindness for the King of Dabomcy to send hisinnumerable children to South Carolina to be instructedin Elementary Christianity, and the Elsilemphyof Flagellation. We do not see clearly thatany Southern church should weep over this importationof black man. In their native wilds these made.erable beings delighted in bonds—in South Carolinathey will be introduced to hymn-books, all the morewonderful and impressive because they cannot readthem. Upon their native sands their chief delightwas to kill each other—a recreation altogether tooexpressive to be permitted in this enlightened land.At home, perhaps, they boiled and they bolted eachother; but in South Carolina they will be confinedto a regimen of rice. At home they knelt to godsof wood and stone externally ugly, but very impressive,and here they will be introduced to the HigherPower as understood and prayed to in South Calories.What, then, does this South Carolina Churchmeans by casting this stumbling-block in the way ofthe conversion of Ethiopia? This flat, rank, dimmableheresy, worthy of the notice of all Presbyteriesand Conference South.  The truth is , we suppose that these meek and lowlygentlemen, while faying up treasures in Heaven,have congregated—so to speak—many two-leggedtreasures upon earth. Proprietors of small orlarge flocks of 'trained' Africans, they do not fancythe introduction into the market of the 'untrained'article, which will enter into disagreeable, and perhapsdisastrous competition with the home-madegoods. So these man-owners have become, all of asudden, Evangelical Protectionists in self-defense.They evidently fear a depressed market, and a badtime coming, in which it will not pay to 'breed.'If the sale of one negro now defrays the expresses ofa planter's annual trip to New York, buys his 'misers'a silk gown, pays his son's college bill, andgives all his girls a new brooch apiece, how shouldhe look forward with complacently to the time when,to accomplish all these desirable and declivous objects,he will be compelled to part with a brace ofbeauties, fat and sleek! A man would be less thana Christians, of the Southern species, if he could doit. It is all very well to talk about piety, but pietywhich Carolina, than lager bear and Bologna smudgesare fit for a baby mowing in its nurse's arms.—New York Tribunes. New York Tribunes. 
