 A Baptist paper published in England, called theFreeman, said to the organ of that religious denomination,discoursing of Rev. Mr. Spurgeon'scontemplated visit to this country, gives us the followingrather broad hint of what we may expectfrom this noted preacher. The idea seems to be,that he is to visit the United State as a kind ofnecessary, not for the conversion of souls, but forabolition of slavery; and it is thought not impossiblehe is destined to be the Knibb of America.can not depute the letter proposition,saving in our ignorance, no idea who Knibb maybe, or what he has done; but we do believe thatboth he and Mr. Spurgeon would soon find a gooddeal of the nonsense taken out of them, if theyshould undertake to interfere with affairs in thiscountry in such an offensive, ungentlemanly and unchristianmanner, as the extract we make protends: Knibb One of Mr. Spurgeon's friends, who knows himbest remarked to us while -peaking of his visit, 'Andwont he give it to them on their slavery?' At thetime our first feeling was, 'Dare he do it?' Secondthoughts disposed us to think that he both dare andwould that he may be raised up for the work, andthat the way is wonderfully prepared for him.' he Proceeding to discuss this point at some length,the writer waxes warm and exclaims:— Who can tell but that Mr. Spurgeon is destined tobe the Knibb of American? He possesses many of themoral and physical qualities of that noble man; thoseespecially which were hit chief weapons in his holywar against slavery—the courage to say straight outwhat he thinks,—what the impulses of the momentdemand and the eloquence to arouse the enthusiasmof the many, while the few also are compelled to feelits homely power—the power of truth. When he arriveson the slave-darkened toil of New York, (for ablack man is property there as much as in New Orleans,)we can but believe that, like Paul at Athens,and on Marsh' Hill, 'his spirit will be stirred withinhim.'  Many a gentle hint will our brother receivewhen he lands at New York. Should he remonstratein private, all kind of suggestions not to obstruct hisusefulness by adverting to the dangerous subject willbe given; but we have little doubt that faith andprayer will have braced kneed his spirit for the solemn country. We pass over the ignorance, characteristic ofEnglish newspaper and reviews, as to affairs inhis country shown in this instance by talking ofthe 'slave-darkened soil of New York'—or if thepassage refers to the obligation to deliver up fugitiveslave in all our free States, we might with asmuch property speak of the 'murder-darkened' soilgreat Britain,' because she is under treaty stipulationsto yield up fugitives from justice of other, who seek refuge on her soil. And then,what an apt, not to say reverent, comparison it is ofMr. Spurgeon in New York to Paul at Athens,—asif vain breath wasted upon the subject of the socialequalization of our colored brethren in the CommercialEmporium' were identical, in point of moralobligation and import, with unfolding the gospel tothe philosophic idolaters of the 'Mother of Arts'!And as though Mr. Spurgeon or anybody else werelikely to deliver his message so courteously, as well powerfully, as St. Paul uttered the word of inspiration.   But in truth, if Mr. Spurgeon preaches on thesame subject that St. Paul did at Athens, there isno doubt that he will be listened to everywhere respectfully,according to what he has to say. If, onthe other hand, he should be silly enough to manifestany of that officious and anything but Christianspirit implied in the passage 'Won't be give it tothem on their slavery he will have to thank hisown folly for any consequences to himself. In England,if a foreigner should undertake to declaimagainst Queen, Lords and Commons of the somewhatvague glories of the British Constitution, orany other of settled institutions of the land, ifhe escape the mob, he would find himself veryquickly in Newgats, or perhaps more summarilycompletely handed opver the rail of some outwardbound bark. We do not pretend to say what mightoccur to brother Spurgeon, if he should count toomuch upon the liberties of fraternal relations in hisefforts to stir us up on slavery. But doubt verymuch whether our people would hear him as indifferentlyas they do the railings of our own anti-slaveryvolunteer orators. on the 
