 We announced, last week, that a lecture would begiven on Slave lift in America, by Miss Remond, acolored lady, who baa recently arrived in this countryfrom America. From the notion we had observedof Miss Remond, in the Liverpool papers, we hadfortified ourselves with the belief that this lady wasa person of no ordinary character, and certainly herlecture of Monday night in no way disappointed ourexpectations. We believe the design of Miss Remondis to make a tour through England with a view toawaken the public mind as to the evils of slavery,and to ask Englishmen to endorse propositions protestingagainst American slavery, as a blot on thecivilized world. This we venture to affirm she willfind no difficulty in doing, and whilst on this topic,we cannot bat express our opinion that the publicopinion of this country is too quiescent and apatheticon this monster evil of slavery. We believe if thepublic opinion of this country spoke out as loudlyon behalf of the slave, as it has on many other topicsrelating to the internal economy of other countries,it could not fail to produce an effect that must havea highly beneficial influence on the minds of the peopleof America; and as public opinion is supreme inthat country, even more than this, we cannot butthink that such an expression would go far to producethe desired result. Miss Remond is one or thebest female lecturers we have heard; her gentle andeasy manner, combined with an animated and intelligentcountenance, rivets the attention of her auditors;the character of her language in which sheclothes her thoughts is oftentimes not of an ordinarycharacter, and, spoken with a pure accent, and inthe voice of a fine modulating nature, when declaimingon the wrongs and indignities heaped upon herrace, she is often eloquent and thrilling. We thinkwe may venture to say that the Music Hall was neverso packed before. Not a foot of standing room couldbe obtained in any part of the building. Immediatelyon the doors being opened, at ball past seven,a dense crowd filled every available seat, and withinten minutes after, on going to the hall, we foundseveral people returning, despairing of admittance.Great numbers of most respectable people were thusdebarred entrance. We think that the gentlemenmaking the arrangements would have acted morewisely had they issued tickets, and thus have secureda few seats for the better class of people who werealmost entirely excluded, or a small charge wouldhave effected the object. It was some time beforeorder could be obtained, and even after the lecturecommenced, the noise continued, as the most determinedefforts were made by parties 'outside to forcetheir way into the building. But the audience wasremarkably attentive throughout, and lustily cheeredat intervals. The chair was taken by R. GASKEL,Esq., who in eloquent terns descanted en the horrorsof slavery, and introduced Miss Remond to themeeting. ASKEL After speaking an hour and a quarter, Miss Remondthen sat down amidst the most enthusiasticcheering. The Chairman, in eloquent and powerful sentiments,expressed his sympathies with the object endeavoredto be compassed by Miss Remond, and condemnedthe institution of slavery. He concluded byputting the resolution, which was unanimously carriedamidst the most enthusiastic cheering. The first resolution, moved by Mr. RONSON, andseconded by Mr. S M. WESTER, was as follows:— ONSON ESTER 'That this meeting expresses its full conviction ofthe anti-Christian character of the institution of humanslavery wherever and under whatever conditionsit exists, and especially in the United States of America;—that it is a hindrance to national progress, physical,social, and moral;—that, more than any otherinstitution of any civilized country, it tends to producegeneral corruption of the national conscience;—thatto the extent of its existence it is alike destructive ofthe true happiness and best interests of both the oppressorand the oppressed; and is subversive of thetrue Christian life in the soul.' The second resolution, moved by Mr. ASTON, andseconded by Mr. C.J. HOLIM, was carried amidstvary loud cheering:— STON OLIM 'That this meeting tender its warmest thanks toMiss Remond, for her interesting and able expositionof the present condition of the African people in theUnited States; deeply sympathizes with her feelingsat the oppression and wrongs to which her race is systematicallysubjected in that country; and appeals tothe .Christian feeling of America to labor to remove sodeep a stain from their national character.' A vote of thanks to the Chairman dosed the proceedings,and the crowded assembly gradually dispersed. 
