 The continued portions of Mr. Thomas Ballantyne,in the Statement, to direct attention to thestrange connection existing in America between Slaveryand Democracy, are beginning to tell upon thepublic mind. The circulation of his newspaper, wepresume from its price, is not large, but it is circulatedamongst the lending men of the day, and noone can read it regularly, as we do, without makingthe anxious inquiry—Is democracy, as practiced inthe United States, that delightful system of politicaleconomy whose praises Paine, and the reformersof the Cobbatt era, sang so loud and long? We are led into this train of thought by the visitof an American, partly colored lady, named MissRemond, who landed on our shores a few weeks ago,and has at once made a most favorable impressionupon her audiences and private friends. On Monday evening also addressed a crowdedmeeting for the second time, and in a calm, earnest,soul-stirring address, told us of her colored countrywomen's wrongs, and what was even worse, of herwhite countrywomen's moral degradation. Thereshe stood, a lady every inch; graceful, polished,educated so well as to quote our poets, recapitulateour most glorious battles, and speak of the deeds ofour philanthropists with discrimination. We presumeshe is a free woman; yet in the land of democracy,under the Fugitive Slave Law, she is liable,if found even in the Free States, upon the oath ofany brutal fellow, to be carried into a bondage morefearful than that to which the most common negrois subjected. And not only is this the case, but were also to residein the State of Arkansas, and have every documentwhich could prove her to be free born, or legallymanumitted, she would, if a bill new beforethe legislature of that State passes, be compelled tocall herself for a slave, or leave the country beforethe 1st of January, 1860. Were slavery no more horrible now in the Statesthan it was a hundred years ago, when even Washingtonand Whitefield hold their fellow-creatures ina sort of patriarchal bondage, it would still be afearful national crime. But its holnousnses has increaseda hundred fold. It has permented all ranks,invaded the pulpit, the senate, and the bar, eves tosuch a length that, within the last few weeks, wefind that the Speaker's list of chaplains to theHouse does not contain the name of the only anti-slaveryclergyman who should be put upon it, andit has been kept off by his clerical brothren! We were glad to observe our Mayor lending theaid of his official position to Miss Remond's crusade.Had the meeting consisted of blacks, they no doubtwould have proposed a vote of thanks to him in thelanguage used at a colored dinner party, assembledin honor of their governor:—'Here's to the gubbernor;the' him got a white face, him hab a blackheart.' (Cheers, and cries of, 'Long life means, thisgubbernor.') 
