 According to announcement, Miss Remond, theAmerican colored lady, appeared again in the MusicHall, on Monday evening last. To permit the attendanceof many who were excluded from the othermeeting, a small charge was made for admission, butthe room was pretty well filled notwithstanding—indeed it appeared to be crowded at the further end.A further acquaintance with Miss Remond justifiesthe commendations we passed on her last week. Thelecture was not, as many had anticipated, a repetitionof her former one. The matter was of quite anew character, although, of course, a few mats werenecessarily repeated. The Worshipful the MAYOR occupied the chairand remarked that be should say nothing as regardedthat evening's lecture by Miss Remond. Heshould leave it entirely in her hands, which he feltquite sure he might do safely. One thing he mightsay is which they all participated, and that was, thatif there was a subject on which the people of Englandwere unanimous, it was on the question of slavery(Cheers.) He believed that no subject had calledforth such a universal and strong feeling in theEnglish mind, as the suppression of the slave tradeBut they had been very quiet on the subject for someyears. When a man mined a conviction in hisown mind, and came to a conclusion which satisfiedhim, he rested there; but if they wanted at any timeto prove whether his profession was sincere, just letone expressing opposite views come across him, andif the man rose into very strong excitement, and wasready, whatever befel him, to give a fall and freeexpression to his former conviction, they might relyon it that the conviction was an honest one, and hadremained in his heart during the whole periodNow, the object of their friends visit to this countrywas not so try whether the hearts of the Englishwere sound on the matter of slavery, but towish them to express their convictions; and hecould assure Miss Remond that English people onlywanted the opportunity, to wake unjust as strongas before, and give their oppressed brethren all theevidence that they could command to show that thehad not least one jot of that sympathy on their behalf,that they had formerly expressed. Anotherthing he would remark was, that it was lady goingto lecture. However common this might be on theother side of the water, it was an uncommon thingin this country. And perhaps it was as it ought tobe. We in England all looked to the past—we alllooked to antiquity, and prided ourselves on thehabits of the put; and it had not been a habit toadmit ladies prominently into public, still he couldnever forget that we have a lady on the throne; andthat we had admitted our ladies in the classes of ouruniversities; we had given them prices for the bestpoems, and we held them in the fret rank in worksof literature, and really we bad done almost everything,except letting them appear before the publicto speak. He did not think himself, however, therewas anything, the slightest, approaching to indecorousnessin a lady addressing her remarks to the public,nor that their friend was not justified tonightin appearing before them, and be had verygreat pleasure in recommending her as a proper personto hold up before them the evils of American slavery. AYOR Mrs. REMOND then commenced her lecture bythanking the audience for their kind manifestationson her behalf, as her appearance bad been the signal forloud cheering. She thanked them from thedepths of an overflowing soul, and from a gratefulheart, fur their willingness to allow her to present theclaims of the bondman and bondwoman of Americabefore them. She moot present her stand-point,which would be this, that she should endeavor tosay for the slave what she would wish that he or shewould say for her were she the victim upon the plantations,as they were, in their stead. When shestated the fact that in the United States of Americasixteen hundred million dollars were invested in thebone, blood, and sinews of men and women, was itnot a sufficient reason why some advocate shouldpresent the claims of these oppressed ones on all andevery occasion? After alluding to the exclusive monopolywhich the slaveholders held in every departmentof government in America, Miss Remond saidshe was not there to speak of America in disparagingterms, because she was herself an American bornupon its soil, in the free State of Massachusetts.She then contrasted the North with the South. Inthe North, where no slave labor existed, all was intelligence,energy, and industry, and there were freeschools in every town and village, and the poorestchild, unless it happened to be black, could obtain agood education. In the State of Massachusetts evencolored children now received their education onequal terms with the white children, but that wasthe only State, she believed. But in the South freeschools were deemed a nuisance; even the poor whitepopulation was deprived of an education as well asthe slave. She then commented on the FugitiveSlave Law, which the people of the North refusedto -obey, owing to its infamous nature. The slaveholderssaid it most be obeyed, but still the greatheart of New England rebelled, till Daniel Webster,the greatest of New England statesmen, said it mustbe obeyed. Thus Daniel Webster set aside the greatauthority of Blackstone, who was professed to be theguide of all jurisprudence in the United States. Shethen related instances of a fearful nature where thisFugitive Slave Law had been put in operation, andthen said that she asked them as English men andwomen in the land of Clarkson and Wilberforce—as the people who still kept before the world thehigh standard which those great men raised—with adetermination of soul, to send their Christian andmoral sympathy across the Atlantic, and say tothose tyrants—' Give up those men and woman, andrestore to them thorn God-given rights, and as faras you can, atone to them for the great injury youhave inflicted on them.' It was fake that this FugitiveSlave Law, as asserted by many, was a deadletter. If a slave were found in the Northern States,the parties sheltering him would be obliged to givehim an. Site read one or two instances to prove thehorrible torture inflicted on the slaves. They couldpick op a Southern newspaper at almost any time,and find accounts of this nature—of the mutilatedforms of men and women, slave mothers torn fromtheir children, fathers separated from their lovedones, and every conceivable enormity. White childrenwere not always safe. They were kidnappedand their faces plastered, and solo, if possible. Asfor the children of free colored people, they wereoften taken up in the night, and never heard of afterwards.Under this Fugitive Slave law, men couldtake colored people before the Courts, and they hadonly to swear they were their slaves, and they wereallowed to take them away. They were told thatthey must not agitate in England. But that wasan injunction which they should not obey, and Englandshe was sure would not acquiesce in it. Therewere often great test questions raised in England.They were, at first, supported by individual influence,before the heart of the people took hold ofthem. Therefore, they would ask England for theexertion of her moral power in the cause of theslaves, and this she believed would have its dueweight on the people of America. She did not wishthe English people to sympathize with her as therepresentative of a down-trodden root, and then sitquietly and silently down, and do nothing; but shewished them on every occasion in old England, toutter their protest in public and private, wheneveran opportunity presented, against American despotism.Whenever they came into contact with anAmerican, let them do so, fur Americans loved liberty,but only for themselves. A slaveholder inBoston was received into the best circles, and treatedas though he was superior, because be bad men andwomen in his possession; and she related the returnthe Northerners obtained for this treatment if theyhappened to go South, and dared to hint their disapprobationof slavery. Then was not a man inany governmental department throughoutthat was not favorable to slavery, even dawn to thesmallest postmaster. EMOND At the conclusion of her remarks, Miss Remondwas very warmly applauded. Rev. J. Wood next addressed the meeting in anearnest speech, expressive of his abhorrence of slavery,and concluding ha remarks with the followingaddress, which be recommended should be numerouslysigned, as a testimony of the sympathy ofBritish philanthropists and Christians with the anti-slaverystraggle in America:— The principle, that man cannot hold property inman appears to us so reasonable, and of such universalapplication, that we are at first ready to believe itmust also be of universal practice. But when we are painfully reminded, that in America,men and women, of like passions with ourselves,are bought and sold, and treated as chattels, it is difficultto reduce our remonstrance to a set farm. Wethink Nature herself should mart the outrage. It ishard to coin our arguments, to twist our feelings intologic, and with words to vindicate the stomp of God. Insomuch, however, as slavery has grown up,through generation after generation, as an institutionof America, and as thus what is an outrage, may belooked upon as a product of nature, we will attemptto frame an appeal. By our common humanity which slavery insults—by the one origin, one probation, and one God of allmen, he they black or white—by that one God whosits above the conciseness of all as universal Lord:and by that final account which, without distinctionof master or slave, we must all tender up at the greatday—by these considerations we appeal to you, to youwho now ply this unlawful traffic, that you relinquishit forever: and to you are engaged in the noblerwork of abolition, that you go forward, conscious that thatyou have with you the great heart of England, that in your highest enthusiasm keeps equal pulse withyours: and, if it were allowed to speak out—the greatheart of man. We make this appeal not in the spirit of dictation,but of friendship, We recognize the common brethrenof all men, and this appeal is lodged with ourwhite brother, on behalf of him who is no less oarbrother, and whose equality on it is established in nature,we would desire to see established in universalrecognition. W.Robson, Esq., Mid the question, of slavery wasnot properly understood in this country, and hardlyso in some parts of America, although it had beengrowing up for the last sixty or seventy years. Afterthe passing of the Act of Independence, the questionof slavery was dealt with, and it was adopted insome states of the Union. He pictured the gradualdescent which took place either in nations or individualsafter the first false step, if there was continualindulgence even in one sin. Slavery as it at presentexisted, be said, in the early days of the Union waslooked upon as a wrong, but now so accustomed hadthe people become to wrong-doing that it was nowattempted to be upheld as a divine institution. Inshort, a step further had been taken; and it was attemptedtempted to be set up that the lowest of all poor whitepeople ought to be placed in a state of slavery.(Sensation.) Mr.Robson then combatted the ideaheld by slaveholders, that the African was devoid ofa proper share of intelligence, remarking very trulythat the slavery party had endeavored to bring aboutthis state of things by making it a crime punishablewith death to any parson who attempted to teach ablack person to read. (Renewed sensation.) Greatsins, be said, involved great retribution; and thenremarked on the fallen state of the national characterof the Americans. Child murder, he said, waspractised more in the United States of America thanin all the countries of Europe put together, and thepeople were rank in the depths of sin fearful to contemplate.There ware thousands and tone of thousandsof infant lives murdered in America yearly, andyet the church took no notice, so corrupt was it.Infanticide, as he had said, was common among thepeople, but there were exceptions, and those were inthe blacks: among them it was never practiced, exceptto snatch their babes from the grasp of theruthless slaveholders. They must not think he wasjesting, or had overstated the fact. They couldhardly take up a newspaper without finding in itplenty of evidence respecting this system of wholesalechild murder, and plenty of advertisements bythose was gave themselves to aid them in the diabolicalpractice.  The speaker continued his exposeof the deadly sin, and concluded by seconding themotion proposed by the Rev. J. Wood. The motion was adopted unanimously, and thenthe Mayor suggested that a ladies' committee shouldbe formed.(Applause.) Mr.ROBERT GASKELL was the next speaker. Atthe commencement of his remarks he read an intimationto the effect that another meeting was to beheld (to-day) in the Lion Hotel. He thought thesuggestion respecting the address was a good one,and believed that it would receive every great numberof signatures if left at a conspicuous part of thetown, such as Mr.Mackie's. After obtaining therequisite number of signatures, it might be given toMiss Remond to be disposed of as she might thinkfit. lie thought that the thanks of the meetingwere due to that lady for her excellent lecture. Shehad come on a visit to England through motives ofhumanity, and on this account be thought that shewould receive the support of any audience in theland. (Hear, bear.) She had not undertaken thetask from any low motives, but solely for the purposeof awakening the minds of the people of Englandto the magnitude and enormity of the systemwhich was carried on across the Atlantic. Theywere told that they had no business to meddle withAmerican affaire, out be maintained it was the dutyof every one to sympathize with the oppressed whereverbe might be, and to stretch forth his hand tohelp him. Mr.Gaskell then related a touchingstory, in that day's Times, of a young girl, who wassold by bar own father to a slave dealer: the bargainwas compassed, but the maiden's sweetheart heardof the arrangement, and determined to frustrate it.To accomplish this an elopement was made, and afterpassing through many dangers, they reached theshores of Canada in safety. He would, be said,watch with interest and anxiety the progress of thebill which was to be Introduced into Congress preventingthe importation of slaves. He did not thinkit was likely to pass, but at all events it would tendto probe the feelings of the Northern States on thesubject. Mr.Gaskell proposed a vote of thanks toMiss Remond. Mr.Robson having ascended themotion, which was put from the chair, and carriedby acclamation, OBERT ASKELL Times Miss REMOND thanked them, in reply, for the interestthey had taken in the proceedings. She wascertain there was sympathy would felt for the slave, andout of that sympathy felt for the slave, andonce which would go far to free the beads of her enslavedfellow-countrymen.(Applause.) EMOND The Mayor having vacated the chair, Mr.RONBSON proposed a vote of thanks to his worshipfor presiding. ONBSON The Rev. Mr. WOOD seconded the motion, remarkingthat he considered the Mayor on this occasionto be 'the right man in the right place,' and behoped that all the towns in England would followthe example of Warrington, and place their highestcivic officer in the chair.(Hear, bear.) OOD The MAYOR returned thanks. He echoed the hopethat other towns would take a pattern from Warrington,and he hoped that wherever Miss Remondwent, she would realize the fact that there was notas individual in the United Kingdom who had nota strong interest in the slave. (Hear, hear.) AYOR The meeting them broke up about half-past nineo'clock. 
