 Of Rev. Dr. Taylor, at the late 'Union Masting,'in New Hows, Cong. Mr. President and Fellow-Citizens:—I should beextremely happy to say something on this interestingsubject, that shall , in a trifling degree,the interests of my country. I am happy to be here.I am glad to listen to what I have heard. I am gladto witness particularly the indifference to party ties,when the great interests of the nation, as these dependupon the spirit of the Constitution and laws ofthe country, are in issue. Long onough has thissubject been trifled with. Long enough have theenemies of law and order had this subject all ontheir own side, and reasoned it all the wrong way.I am therefore most ready to express my hearty approbationof the resolutions on the table, and asheartily my entire dissent and unqualified disapprobationof all those attempts to degrade thatarticle in our Constitution upon which so much hasbeen said, and to trample on the law which allNorthern men are bound in good faith to stand byand support to the very last. (Cheers.) I say ingood faith; and I ask if the compact made betweenthe Northern and Southern States—independentsovereignties—was not a lawful compact? Had notthe North interests at stake to justify it? I willnot go into the question whether slavery is a sin.Be it so, if you please. Had they not reason, andgood reason, for entering into this compact? I willmake a supposition: suppose Russia, with orders,combined with Germany, Austria, Prussia, Franceand England, were threatening to conquer and devastateyour country, and there is slavery in Spain;suppose for your own protection and safety, you deemit necessary to enter into an alliance with Spain.Now, there are slaves in Spain and Cubs: this combinationis made for our protection; Spain sayssome of her slaves will get among our people, andour people will not deliver them up. War is coming,desolation is coming; it is a sin, if you please,for Spain to have slaves; may we not lawfully, andfor our own safety, enter into such a compact and agreeto deliver up these slaves? We have not made theslavery; she is independent, and it is made by herown local laws, in the enjoyment of those rightswhich she as an independent sovereignty, has a rightto exercise, so far as we are concerned. Whethershe has a right, so far as her responsibility to theJudge of the earth is concerned, is another question.But so far as we are concerned, she has aright to make these laws. What! may I not buy apiece of meat of a butcher because he is profane?May I not make contracts with men whose characters,in some respects, are marred by evil? (Whatmiserable pettifogging!) May I not consult myown safety by numerous sets of a defensive andconfederate character,because the men who are engagedwith me are not as good as I wish they were?Is this the principle in neighborhoods? Willit do in the family? Will it do better amongnations? What right have we to make laws for theSouthern States? I am the friend of slaves; I amsorry for slaves; I wish them well with all my heartand soul; and as I wish them well, I say—oceans atthe North! The agitators of this subject do moreto injure the slaves, and perpetuate their chains atthe South, than their true friends can do to terminatethe evil for half a century. (Cheers.)  may we not lawfully, andfor our own safety, enter into such a compact and agreeto deliver up these slaves As the higher law principle:—You expect meto admit, of course, that we are all the subject ofHim who reigne amid the grandeur and glory ofeternity, and that when His will is known, we,as mortal beings, are bound to submit. There is noquestion on that point; here is the point—is thatarticle in our Constitution contrary to the will of God—contrary to the law of nature of nations, and the willof God? Is it so? Is there a shadow of reassess forsaying it is? I have not been able to discover it.Have I not shown you it is lawful to deliver up, incompliance with their laws, fugitive slaves, for thehigh, the great, the anomentous interest of theseStates? And if it was lawful to do it, is it not inaccordance with the Constitution to make a law providingfor that result? Is there any law of Godagainst this? Is there any law of God againstdoing lawful things, which every man must do inthe course of his life? I do not so understand it.When I learned in the newspapers the noval doctrine,that the Co-institution of my country was inconflict with the law of my Maker—when I firstlearned it, I said to myself, is it possible that fromthe high places—from our political table—our hallsof legislations—a man in a high and honorable situationcan venture to propose such a doctrine as that?That thought struck me that perhaps he was notcounting without his host; perhaps I too was imperfectlyinformed; perhaps at the North there is adegree of infatuation and fanaticism, of which I hadnot dreamed. In these visions of my fears, I almostseemed to see carnage, blood and revolution overthe land. I felt very much as if I had heard a summonsto rebellion; I felt very much as if I had heardthe cry of revolt sounding through the land, enteringevery dwelling, and seen the standard of revoltwaving on every hill. And, sir, there is no want of atendency in that doctrine to give gull reality to theseanticipations and forebodings. Let the doctrine beinculcated—let it be believed at the North—let theNorthern conscience, whether perverted or unperverted,receive such a doctrine, and what may weexpect? We may expect rebellion and intestinewar. And when I think of the morality, the ethicsof this subject, in our religious newspapers, and inpulpits which have been given up to those whochoose to advocate this doctrine; and when I thinkhow very little truth and argument have been employedon the other side, I see, or seem to see, thecurse of war over the Union, and directed againstthe power of law, and against every principle uponwhich the fabric of our nation's greatness and Florydepends. Thus far we have passed through thestorms; I trust it is over; I am afraid it is not; I amafraid there are evils yet to come—but I think theprospect brightens; I do think we have reason tobelieve that though surrounded with distractingcan and influences, the people are coming toright views, and that have we here indications thatthe God of our fathers cares for us. He is, I trust,restraining the madness of the people, and in hisown good time amid the roaring of the tempest, he willsay to the , come, —and to the waves, he stiff!Stand, then, follow-citizens, by law! Stand by theConstitution of our country; that Constituting , why,sir, like the  around us, it blesses usevery breath we draw; we walk, we sleep, we existevery moment under its influent. What wouldbecomes of us, if the Constitutions were  inthe dust? For, sir,—as has been said as say I,with all my heart and soul,—if any of my followcitizens do not value the Constitution enough to defendit, they are not worthy of the blessings it givesthem (Cheers.) I say again, let us stand by theConstitution and the law, and as somebody has said,as near as I can remember, 'I would not merelyprotect it with the shield of honest Ajax, I wouldprotect it also with a wall of brass; and when thiswould not serve the purpose of protection, thenwould I circle it with the living honour of my countrymen,and in its defence rally, till the last pauseof life and the last drop of blood were expended indefending the Constitution!' (Great applause.)     
