 From a Thanksgiving discourse, delivered in Water ville,Mo., Dec. 19, 1858, by Rev. Wm. Crowell. There are those who, in respect to one law, atleast, of our National Union, are avowing their intentionto do that which is right in their own eyes.Declaring that the law in question is unconstitutionaland against their consciences, they therefore intendto disobey it. Setting up their individual salves tobe the judges, instead of the subjects and doers ofthe law, they boldly avow the doctrine of nullificationand anarchy. therefore The question before us, as citizens of the UnitedStates, is, will we, or will we not, obey the law ofthe land? The question is not changed becausesome men say that they cannot obey a law whichtheir consciences disapprove. Who appointed theirconsciences to be the judges of the law? Whathave their consciences to do with its constitutionality?Whose conscience is to be the standard;that of the Senate and House of Representatives, thePresident and his Cabinet, backed by the SupremeCourt, or the individual conscience of each man,woman and child in the land? Or, who appointedtheir consciences to be judges of the righteousnessof the law? Have other people no consciousnesses?What is to be done when different consciences decidedifferent ways? What, indeed, but for eachone to fight for the dictum of his conscience? Andwhat is this but rebellion against government andlaw;—a return to the anarchy and barbarism describedin the text, when 'every man did that whichwas right in his even eyes'! right in his even eyes We are to choose between law emanating fromconstitutional legislatures, under the solemn sanctionsof an oath, and the law of individual opinion; betweenthe law of reason and the law of passion; betweenlaw administered by civil magistrates and lawadministered by a mob; between obedience or disobedienceto 'the powers that be,' which 'are ordainedof God.' There is no evading the point.Will we obey the law, become it is the laws, or willwe not? Are we prepared, by assuming the groundof disobedience to one law, to risk the consequenceof making each individual the judge of all laws;which is the same thing as to case off their authority? become it is the laws all If we turn to the Constitution of the United States,we had this strong other provision:—'No personto old to service or labor in one State, under the lawsthereof,  into another, shall, for consequenceof any law or regulation therein, be discharged fromsuch service or labor; but shall be delivered up, onclaim of the party to whom such service or labormay be due.' No one can mistake the meaning ofthis provision. It was agreed to by a convention ofthe wisest and purest patriots of our country. By it,the States, one and all, agreed to respect each other.Each solemnly pledged itself to allow every otherState to deal with her own people according to herown laws. This is what every State claims. Withoutsuch a regulation, there States must be involvedin perpetual tumults and wars.  The patriotic fathers of the revolution saw nowrong in this regulation. It reduces no free man toslavery. It makes the condition of the slaves noworse. By it, the free States simply say to the slaveStates, as one condition of the national compact,'If any of your people free to us to escape the operationof your laws, we give you leave to take themback, if you can find them. As for slavery, it is youraffair, not ours. We do not approve of your system.We rejoice that our fathers abolished it long ago.You may say what you please about the wisdom ofour laws, as we shall about yours; but in spite ofyour bad laws, we will treat you with respect, asneighbors; and ask you to do the same to us in return.'The necessity and the righteousness of sucha regulation, between neighboring States, is admittedby the most eminent and conscientious writerson the laws of nations; nor am I aware that any onehas attempted a serious argument against it. Thisconstitutional regulation is a part of the fundamentallaw of the land, to which every citizen of the UnitedStates owes faithful, conscientious obedience, asone of the conditions of his birthright. It is said that we shall be involved in the guilt ofslavery, if we do not resist the execution of this law.But it might as well be said, that we are involved inthe guilt of slavery, because we do not resort to forceto liberate all the slaves. What reason can be givenwhy we should resort to force instead of law, torecent a fugitive, rather than slaves who are not fugitives?If we are guilty of not rescuing the other. Aman might as well refuse to deliver up his neighbor'schildren who may come upon his premises, on theplea that he may be involved in the guilt of theirwrong management at home. all I know of but one more form of the argument forresistance, and that is, we ought to resist the operationof this law because slavery is wrong. Thisassumes not only that we ought to resist all wronglaws, in defiance of Scripture precept, but that eachperson is the judge whether the law is right orwrong. That is, it comes back to the doctrine thatevery man should do what is right in his owneyes. It boldly sets aside all constitutions, laws,legislatures, magistrates, courts, judges and juries,and enthrones the great I in the highest seat of civilauthority. It allows this great I 'to speak evilof dignities,' and denounce presidents, senators,judges and jurists, men whom the people delight tohonor, as vastly inferior in wisdom and virtue tothis great 1; and totally recreant to all good. I do not appear as the advocate or the apologistof the late 'Fugitive Slave Law,' nor of slavery. Thelaw seems to me to be faulty in several respects. Itis faulty in having a retrospective operation of themost odious ex post facto character, quite oppositeto the spirit of our Constitution, of American law,and of the American liberty-guarding spirit;—it isfaulty in not limiting the time in which the mastermay reclaim the fugitive, and declaring how long aman shall be in actual possession of liberty to acquirea legal title to liberty by possession, as a valid titlemay be acquired to land by undisputed occupancy;it is faulty in allowing the Commissioners beforewhen the alleged fugitive is brought, ten dollars ifhe decides to send him into slavery, and only freedollars if he decides in favor of his freedom, thus operatingas a bribe in favor of slavery; it is faulty innot providing for heavy penalties on the kidnappers,and those who by false testimony may attempt todrag a free man into slavery. But it is the LAW, andtherefore to be obeyed. ex post facto possession What duties, then, most especially demand ourpresent attention, as citizens of our National Union? First, That we consider its value. Read all history,and tell me, was ever so excellent a system ofgovernment in existence before? Did any peopleever enjoy so much true, national liberty? Wore thefaculties of the human soul ever before developed onso noble a theater? When and where has the mindof man ever made such progress? Was there ever soglorious a prospect before any nation? Who cancontemplate the broad and deep foundations of nationalgreatness, of progress in wealth, comfort, usefulknowledge, real liberty and pure religion, so wiselylaid by our fathers, without admiring gratitude to God,and servant a prayer that nothing may hinder the beautifultemple from rising to be the joy of the wholeearth? How different its prospects now from whatthey were during its colonial dependence, or the oldConfederation of the States! At such a crisis as this,let the patriot, the philanthropist, and the Christian,think of the value of this Union to the human race,to themselves and their children, to the latest generation,before they presume to put it to hazard. First Second, we ought to consider seriously the dangerto which the present agitation is exposing theUnion. There has been much, within a few yearspost, to exasperate the public mind. The annexationof Texas, the was with Mexico, the additional annexationwhich followed it, the agitation of the slaveryquestion, have been fruitful sources of irritation. Theunexpected turn of things in California has producedmuch vexation and chagrin at the South. It is atime for the North to be magnanimous and conciliating.An imperious bearing towards our brethren atthe South will be peculiarly exasperating now. Anumerous party there is openly advocating the disruptionof the Union. They allege that we of theNorth will not abide, in good faith, by our solema,constitutional guaranties; that we not laws and at nought. We cannot shut our eyes to the danger.Why should we increase it? How can we justifyourselves to our consciences, and to our God,if we lightly increases this danger? Second  Third, we should consider how dark and hopelessthe condition of the slaves would become, should thisUnion be destroyed. Such a  could notcome without bloodshed. Will strife, turmoil andbitterness elevate the negro? When the battles havebeen fought, and the Southern States become unitedin a slaveholding confederacy, (which Heaven forfend!)the day of emancipation will be thrust into ahopeless future. But while the Union is preserved,we of the North may employ argument, permissionand example, to services our brethren at the Southof the superiority of freedom to slavery. Thesegentle weapons are mightily, and must prevail. Ourhope of emancipation is, in portending the people ofthe Southern States to changes their slave laws.Shall we win them by irritating trusts, by hardnames, by resisting the law, by refusing them thecommon courtesy of states—the right to reclaim fugitivesfrom their laws by dealing falsely in our solemnpolitical coverage—the Constitution of our country?Is this the way to  them that weright on a great moral question, and they wrong?Shall we allow our excessive sympathies for a fewhundred fugitives—no better nor no 'deserving, certainlythan the others—to blind us to the welfare ofas many millions? If we will take the Christianview of this subject, if we will aim at the greatestgood of the greatest number of slaves alone, we shallobey the law, and do all in our power to differer thespirit of kindness and peace. Third   
