 From a sermon, delivered in Boston, by Rev. Dr.Sharp, on the same occasion as the above. It is our duty to submit to the Government whichextends over the region in which we dwell, and toobey the Magistrates under whose jurisdiction weare. The condition of our obedience is, that theywho claim to govern us have legal authority for doingso. With these facts well established, our obedienceis not to be measures and graduated by ourestimation of the wisdom or folly of the laws underwhich we live, their partiality or impartiality, theirjustice or injustice. With one exception, while anygiven law exists, although it may operate upon ourinterests unjustly and oppressively, we must neverthelesssubmit to it, seeking relief not in braving andopposing the law's authority, but in contributing ourinfluence to the law's amendment, and waiting withpatience and calmness that event. Let the doctrinebecome prevalent, that we are at liberty to violatethe laws and resist their execution, because they arenot good or just, then resistance will be the order ofthe day, and riot, and disturbance, and maiming, andkilling, and murder, will be substituted for quiet andorderly obedience to law, Our obedience, I repeat,and the measure of it, are founded on the necessityof government and laws, and not on our opinionswhether a law is good or bad, or affects us favorablyor unfavorably. We are not and ought not to beself-constituted judges of the case. We may changethe law through our law-makers if we can, but wemust submit to it whilst it is in force. To bring this subject nearer home, let us considerthe duty of subjection to the powers that be, as applicableto the Fugitive Slave Law; and is what Isay, I would have it understood that I discriminatebetween slavery and multitudes of excellent personswho are the holders of slaves. Before the coloniesbecame independent, or the Union of the States wasformed, slavery, that system of injustice, oppressionand wrong, (as it appears to me, was so interwovenwith all the habits, interests and worldlyhopes of the people at the South that they had notthe courage, the faith and the disinterested toset them free. And yet they seared that their slaves,hearing of the freedom of their own rose in otherStates, would attempt to accape. The Southernmembers, therefore, of the Convention that framedthe national compact, called the Constitution of theUnited States, insisted on a clause securing the returnof fugitives from labor, on legal evidence of thefact being presented. This engagement became apart of the Constitution. I regret its existence, butthere it is. I wish the South would have allowedit for peace sake if not for right common snake,to have remained a dead letter. But they havenot. The question then arise are your willingto enjoy the benefits of the great national compact,but to violate its conditions? How touch therewould be of high- such a course, Ileave it to you be determine.  But you ask, would you have the fugitive  backinto bondage? I c I could not voluntarilyagainst in that service. And I could not blame thefugitives for hiding themselves in  places, fordisobeying the law, in seeking their freedom, becausethe law is not their friend. It is no law of house, or justice, or protection, to them. They areknown only as property, not as human beings,having the rights or laws of freemen. Hence theyowe little or nothing of gratitude, respect or obedienceto laws which do little or nothing for them.Still they are not allowed by that higher law whichGod has given to the bondsman, either to strike, ormaim, or attempt to kill the officers who may cometo seize them.     Much less can the free citizens of the UnitedStates, living under the protection and enjoying thebenefits of our blessed laws, with all the advantagesof the national compact, be justified in encouragingpoor fugitive slaves to acts of resistance, in puttingforth the first or unsheathing the aword of rebellion.In this State, world-wide renowned for its steadyhabits, no one should allow himself to have the hardihoodand the unseemliness to say, that a law of Congresscannot here be enforced. Should such a spiritand such resistance to law be encouraged and prevail,then farewell—a long and sad farewell—notonly to all our greatness, but to the Union. How much less would it cost us to purchase thefreedom of every fugitive from his master, than topay the expenses and the taxes created by an armedrebellion against the laws, which could only and inthe destruction of life, and certain defeat and shame?I need not say how much more honorable, how muchmore Christian, how much more just to the ownersof fugitives, and how much more adapted to perpetuateand cement the Union of the States, which arethe world's admiration and the world's hope, wouldbe the offer of redemption money for every slavethat is claimed, than the offer of resistance to a lawintended to secure the conditions of the nationalcompact. Our country, extending from the Atlantic to thePacific—having a coast and an interior unparalleledin the world's history—is the new C, the Landof Promise, to which the poor and tax-ridden, andthey who have yet something left, are coming fromthe decaying institutions and overstocked millions ofolder lands. But it will be a Canaan no longer thanwe prize the Union, revere the Constitution, andobey the laws, wise or unwise, right or wrong, untilwe can modify or change them from unwisdom towisdom, from wrong to right, by the only process thatis justifiable—the process of legislation.  Let my text, with the verse following, ever be rememberedby you—'Put them in mind to be subjectto principalities and powers, to obey magistrates, tobe ready to every good work; to speak evil of noman, to be no brawlers, but gentle, showing allmeekness unto all men.' 
