 From a sermon, delivered in Boston, by the Rev.Wm. M. Rpgers, last Thanksgiving day. Within the limits of this broad load, the citizens ofthe United States his every where at home. The soilof his century beneath his feet, the flag of hiscountry above him, and the protection of its lawsaround him, he is no where an alien a strangerin this Commonwealth of our Israel. The Mississippibelongs to Massachusetts as much as to Louisiana;and there where the waters roll over sands ofgold in our Ophir, they pertain as much to as hereupon the seaboard of the Atlantic as to the dwellersupon the shores of the Western ocean. It is one country. As you take a survey of it,what vast accumulation of material wealth is there!With what success have the labors of the line andthe not been rewarded' Commerce has made tributarylands beyond the setting sun, and brought therichness of a world, and made it familiar with ourhomes and our tables; Agriculture has extractedfrom a sterile soil, with the sturdy hand of labor landof skill, a harvest more than enough for gratitude toGod; while there are treasures in the mines, wroughtand inwrought, taking the plastic form that skill andsense give them, and accommodating themselvesto all the comforts and uses of life. But we look only at the grosser elements thatenter into this broad land of ours, if we look onlyfor the development of material wealth— a a wealththat an the future shall be accumulated beyond theknowledge and conception of present times. It is alead where the mind of man is free and unshackled;where the elements of education are open and accessibleto all; where they have given to the human intellecta development, I say not higher, but more generalthan is any other land on which the sun doth look.It is a land in which the conscience is free; and underwhatever name, with whatever forms, in whateverplace, or at whatever times, the soul bows beforethe God of his adoration, there is none that canerect the stake, or heap the fagot and sand the marryis a chariot of fire to his God. And this landis ours, with all that it is, with all that it may be,with all that, under the Providence of God, if united,it invertably must be, in the future. It is ours. Nowonder the Psalmist called on men in his day, andnow it were worse than infidelity, if we meet not thecall with a response, grateful in accordance with themeasure of God's goodness. And yet, with peace in our borders, with plenty inour stores, with every privilege and opportunity opento all men for the development of mind, for the appreciationof all the benefits pertaining to air, toearth, to sea— and yet, with all of good we have andcan have, there are difference among us; there aredissensions, and bitter words are uttered, and bitterwords are retorted, and men speak of resistance tolaw. Some men speak of the nullification of theConstitution; men speak of disunion, horrible as itis, and it has thrilled every never in my soul! Horribleas it is, these things have become as familiar ashousehold words. It has been proclaimed:— Law orso Law, Constitution or no Constitution, the handsof the law and of the people should not execute thebehests of the Court within the precincts of thisCommonwealth! It is one of the articles of th Constitution, thata person held to service or labor in one State, underthe laws thereof, shall be delivered up on the claimof the party to whom such labor is due. I say thatit is one of the articles of the Constitution; for youmight readily gather fro the popular cry, and fromthe tendency of the popular feeling, that the wholeof the Constitution of the United States was nothingbut an instrument for the oppression of the slave,in utter forgetfulness of every other right and everyother duty. It is one of the articles of that Constitutions.Being one of the articles of that Constitutionthen, I gather that whatever party is in powerit makes no difference what their name, what theprinciples they affirm before or after election— whateverparty is in power, in their place in Congress, ifthere were no law already made pursuant to this articlesof the Constitution, they would be bound to makea law, and a law which should carry out this providenceand restore the fugitive to the claimant, uponthe proof of that claim and that service to be renderedin another State. Do you say, no? Do you say that it would bewrong— that it is sinful thus to do? But I ask youconsider, as an honest man, and with a consciousnessthat your representative has called the God ofheaven to witness that he will maintain the Constitutionof these United States, would you have himperjure himself, and refuse to carry out the Constitution.Leave it to an infidel Christianity to teachsuch morals, but when you ask counsel of God, expectno such answer. The fugitive asks us to interpose. When he doesso, he asks us to do what the people of the UnitedStates or a majority of them, have said we shall notdo. He ask us to do what we have agreed, with themillions of this country, shall not be done. He asksus to do precisely what we have agreed not to do.We are under bonds to the millions of this countryto keep the peace, and to make this a governmentof law, and not a government of force. Oh, it is amiserable alternative in which we are placed by themistakes, by the guilt of our fathers beyond thewaters, in bringing this curse upon us, and leavingus to decide between what seems the voice ofcharity and mercy, and a law rigorously severe, towhich, nevertheless, we must bow. If the slaveasks us to stand between him and the Marshal, armedwith the power of the people for his arrest, whatcan we say to him, but make the miserable confessionthat we have dispossessed ourselves of thepower to stand between the oppressor and the oppressed?Then it follows, and should be distinctlyunderstood, that if a fugitive from bondage cometo our Commonwealth, and abideth here, he doesit on his own responsibility, and does it with aknowledge that those among whom he lives havedispossessed themselves of all power under the Constitutionand the law to stand between him and hismaster. This we can do for him. But when the questionpresented to us, shall we obey the law? and theanswer is nay, but resist it, what do we but nullifythe Constitution, of which the law is but the practicalworking? What do we but make void the organiclaw of the country? What do we but thatwhich South Carolina attempted to do in thedays of her nullification, and seems likely to repeatin this second case of madness? Ah, we said bitterthings against South Carolina in those days. Wetold her there were bayonets and men enough in theOld Bay State to put her in her place, and keep herhere. If we were right then, we are wrong now.But it is said that we are wiser now, and that shemay have been right. Then the law is a sin againstGod, and the Constitution a law organic in the lifeof the nation. Well, if it be so, then it seems tobe that the inference in very plain— this confederationought not to exist an hour. If it be so, thenthose men who voted for the admission of Californiaa free State into this confederacy were veryWicked man. It was voting the as mission of thatCommon wealth into a confederacy against the Godof heaven. But when the slaves make me to stand between hisand his master, be asks me to do something morethan to free him. And here is the differently. Couldyou separates the question of the slave's freedom orbondage from those difficulties with which, under thelaw, it is involved—could you make it a clear questionhere upon this soil, whether he should be freemanor a slave—there is not a hand or a heart withinthe limits of the Common wealth but would go atonce for freedom. We must be false to our fathers,false to ourselves, and to the spirit breathed into thesoul of the Word of God, if we could ever have anyother sympathy than sympathy with the oppressedagainst the oppressor—the bondman rather than thebondmaster. But when the slave asks me to stand between theMarshal and himself, what does he ask me to do?Simply to fires him? No, that is not all. He asksme to substitute force for law—anarchy for government.He asks me to overturn the tribunals of justice—to break into fragments the power of a nationover shadowing all and protecting all. He asks meto do him right by wronging twenty millions of men!The question comes home to my soul,—I am not atonce ready to answer. I pause, I reflect, I meditate.If I rest that law, I nullify the Constitution. Indoing it, I am righteously held to answer for all thenatural and proper consequences of my conduct. Is there any probability, in that event, of war andbloodshed—of war civil, fraternal, servile? Whois answerable for breaking up all the protectionby which the weak are defended from the strong?Who is answerable for turning the peaceful homesof our country into the desolation of war? Who isanswerable for the misery ensuing from breaking theland into fragmentary estates, alien, opposed, rancorous,malignant and envenomed, one towardsanother? Who, but the man who says that the Constitutionshall be n Constitution, by saying that thelaw that carries it out shall not have a place for executionwithin the limits of the country? When the slave asks me to stand between himand his master, what does he ask? He asks me tomurder a nation's life, and I will not do it, because Ihave a conscience, because there is a God. Then I say unto you, as a minister of the LordJesus Christ, the conviction of my conscience is,that upon the ground of reason, there is no safety forus, no better hope for the slave, than, for the time,the carrying out of the Constitution and the laws ofthe country; and as a question of conscience, thatGod requires it at our hand. But if the spirit of seditionand rebellion become rampant in the land, ifthe ordinary strength of the magistracy cannot countervailit, if there be treason, if there be rebellion, ifneedful to defend the Constitution of the Fathers, themagistracy call you to arm—arm! If they call youto the field of battle, stand in your ranks, as yourfathers stood, shoulder to shoulder; if to take humanlife, in the name of God, take it; and ifyou fall, your memory shall be hallowed with thosewhose bones moulder on the slopes of Bunker Hill. Now hearken to some of the teachings of theword of God. 'Let as many servants as areunder the yoke count their own masters worthy of allhonor.' In reasoning from the principles of abstractright, we are apt to regard the slaveholder only as avillain. The word of God presents the whole subjectin a different light. It teaches us that men areformed of one clay—that have a common bloodin their veins—that they are to regard each other,whatever their clime or their name, as brethren of acommon community—having God as a common father.How beautiful, how gentle, how heavenly is thelesson of this truth—and it is in accordance with itthat the Apostles admonished, 'as many servants asare under the yoke to count their masters as worthyof all honor.' He does not raise the question whetheror the slave may steal his moster's here and escape,or whether he may mortally stab his master and recoverhis liberty, but he lays this admonition—'count your own master worthy of all honor.' 
