 From s. Lecture, delivered in Boston, by the Rev.Dr. Orville Dewey, of New York, before the MercantileLibrary Association. After noticing the evil effects of violence in thepursuit of reforms, the speaker look up the questionof slavery which he termed the great and terriblequestion of the day. We are entered now upon along and fearful struggle upon this question; and arethe pillars of our country to be tumbled dowa forthese African people? The speaker did not believethe laws of God or of human duty required it. Wouldthe African race itself be any better off for it? No.They would be involved in a common rain. Butwhat is to be done with this odious compact, whichrequires us to return the fugitive slave? The speakercould not see what was to be done, but could seewhat we must not do—we must not resist the laws ofthe land. The parties in this great question are theconscience and the national compact, but the speakerbelieved it a duty to return the fugitive, though itwas the hardest practical question he had ever metwith. If we do not return the fugitive, there is an end toslavery, an end to peace, and an end to the Union.There is indeed such a thing as a law of conscience,which is above the Constitution, or any compactwhatever; as, for instance, if a man is required toutter a lie, the law of conscience should determinethe matter. But is the law of conscience, with regardto the fugitive, as clear as this? Suppose anarmy was planted before this city, with intent tobatter it down, but that a truce is made, and a hostageis placed in the hands of the foe, with th;e conditionthat if he escapes, he should be recaptured bythem, would any objection to that recapture be made?But this is not a law of conscience, which shouldoverride all law and consequences. He believed theUnion might be dissolved by this agitation; yet hewould not say that we should forever shut our eyesto the wrongs of the black man. God forbid! Wemust not resist, but endeavor to change and modifythis Fugitive Slave Law. Still, it is a thing whichmay be rightly suffered to save this nation from destruction. not 
