 ☞Read the following article from that villainouspre-slavery journal, the New York Express. Are thecombined forces of Odd Fellowship to be thrown intothe scale of the Slave Power? The Independent Order of Odd Fellows perhapsstands first and foremost, in a numerical sense,among the many benevolent institutions of whichthis or any other country can boast. It has itslodges in every State in the Union, and whereverwe go, there its members are found. We maytherefore easily suppose that the moral ties whichbind such a brotherhood together in the bonds of'Friendship, Love and Truth,' are not easily broken;that it requires something more than the emptyravings of fanaticism, the misty metaphysics of theadvocates of 'Free Soil,' or the sectional heart-burningsand mutual hatred which our Northern andSouthern demagogues love so well to ongender;something more than all this, we say, it requires toestrange men so allied to one another in so sacred acompact as that which Odd Fellowship is generallysupposed to be. For, seeing that there was dangerof the breaking up of the political chords of thisUnion, the Order are manfully coming forward tojoin the Army of the Union, and to raise a voice,not as Whigs or Democrats, but as Odd Fellows,against the machinations of the Higher Law partyat the North, and the party of professional Disunion at the South.  We have been led to these remarks on perusal ofan able article on the subject recently published in aninfluential and accredited organ of the Order, atPhiladelphia—the 'Banner of the Union.' Thus,after showing the disasters which a continuance ofthe abolition agitation must lead the country into,the Banner invokes the Order to— "Discard all feelings of sectional animosity andinternal dissensions. Yield a willing complianceto the Constitution and the Laws of the land, and ifthere be errors in either, endeavor to amend, not destroy.To our Northern friends, who are actingfrom impulse, not reason, we say, you are mistakenin the course you are pursuing. Every threat andbitter invective is riveting the chains of the slavetighter: every curse you breaths against the institutionof slavery is an attack on the character of yourfathers, who had their full share in inflicting the evilon our Southern Brothers.' The Banner then goes on to present a strikingcontrast between the condition of the black man atthe South and the black man at the North—to theconclusion that his position and prospects amongus, here at the North, are infinitely worse than theyare on the other side of Mason and Dixon:— In the South they are slaves by law; but thesome power that gives the master authority over theslave, binds him to protect and provide for them.Nearly all are attached to their masters and theirfamilies. Whites are prohibited from soling them drinks under heavy penalties. Manyare stewards and overseers on their master's estates—they are allowed entire liberty of conscience inreligious matters, and they have their holidays andsports, and when sickness or old age cones crepingon, they are nursed and provided for.  'What is the condition of the same race in thefree States? Here the law wills them free, but theirhabits and condition make them slaves! most objectslaves! They are degraded by our law; for whileit acknowledges their liberty, it denies them therights and privileges enjoyed by the whites—theyare slaves because they submit to treatment thatwould not be borne by freemen—they are slaves becausethey prefer the most menial service to thatwhich enables and improves the mind, and a vastmajority of them are slaves to their appetites—'anda more cruel master never lashed the back of poorhuman nature.' Their love of strong drink is alsouniversal, and in order to procure the means to satisfytheir cravings for it, they will submit to any degradation.There are many honorable exceptions, butthis is the condition of the great mass of the coloredpeople in the North, at least in the cities. If anyabolitionists will show us as much misery, degradationand crime among the slaves of the South, onany hundred miles square, as we will show himamong the same race within one mile of the StatesHomes in this city, or within half a mile from theCity Hall, New York, we promise to become a zealousadvocates of their emancipation.' All true, this. In the South, the negro has a fairshare of the comforts and blessings of freedom, disguisedin the name of slavery. At the North, hehas all the want, and misery, and degradation ofslavery. And that, in short metre, is just the precisedifference in the condition of the negroes in the respectivesections of the Union to which we are referring.There is an admixture of telling truths andstrong common sense, too, in what follows, whichshould not be passed by:— 'We love liberty for what it is, not for its name!But to give the Southern slave liberty—to leave theplantations, where they are provided with the necessariesof life—to come here and exist, not live, inthe parlous of our cities, where they will be sure tobe contaminated by the examples and habits of themiserable beings that now inherit those abodes oforims, discase, and drath, would be conceding aright, or granting a boon, that should make humanityweep With but few exceptions, they have humaneand indulgent meeter—the sick and infirm are caredfor with the solicitude of fatherly affection; and allare protected from the violence and persecution toooften practiced against their race in the boasted freeNorth. As warm blood flows in the veins of ourSouthern brothers as ever brought the blush of indignationto the cheek of a misguided philanthropist;and when God in His providence shall point out theway for deliverance of the slave from his bandage,there will be a ready compliance on the part of theirmasters, wishout any interference from us.' 
