 Under this head the Independent of last weekgives extracts from some twenty letters of ministers,postmasters, and other subscribers, expressive oftheir approbation of the course of that paper in relationto the fugitive slave question. It is worthy ofnotes, however, that in no instance do they give thename of the writer of the letter. We presume thatfew of these writers would now allow their names tobe published. At our request, the Rev. Dr. Sponcer,of Brooklyn, has furnished us with the following extractsof letters addressed to him, thanking him forthe semen in which he so pointedly rebuked the editorsof the Independent for their sentiments in relationto this law. We doubt not, that at short notice,we could fill our paper with certificates from themost honored and respected citizens in every part ofour land, who hold the sentiments of the independentin abhorrence; and who would be willing togive their names as profs of the depth and minostyof their convictions. WASHINGTON, Dec. 7, 1830. ASHINGTON, Dec. 7, 1830. MY DEAR SIR, —I am greatly obliged to you forsending me a copy of your sermon delivered on the24th of November. It is refreshing to read a production,which, founding itself upon the express injunctionof the Holy Scriptures, goes back fromtheory to commandment, from human hypothesis andspeculation to the declared will of God. Y EAR IR Obedience to established government is somethingmore, and much more, than a more idea of expediency;it is a Christian duty. You say very truly, that'Law is a friend to the human race;' without lawthe human race must have remained forever in astate of barbarians. Law pervades the physical Universe,and pervades equally the second system ofmankind. second system You are, of course, familiar with Hookers osisbrated,most truthful, and most sublime descriptionof law. If you have not recurred to it, lately, allowme to ask you to return to it. I never read itwithout the strongest emotions. 'Of law nothingelse can be acknowledged than that her seat is thehonor of God, her voice the harmony of the universe,'&c. To the same effect is the beautiful oddof , translated by Sir William Jones. Butpardon me, my dear Sir, I am making suggestion toone who is more fit to make them to me. I am appearingto lead where I am quite content to follow.  Yours with the  regard,DANIEL WERSTER.  REV. DR. STENCER, Brooklyn, N.Y. EV. R. TENCER The following is an extract from a hasty letter ofthe Rev. Dr. Cox, not intended for publication, butonly as a private note to a friend:— BROOKLYN, Dec. 7th, 1850. ROOKLYN REV. AND DEAR SIR, —Your Sermon, sent me byits author, I have received an read, with great interestand pleasure, and desire you to accept this expressionof my sincere thanks. EV. EAR IR I have perused it not as a critic, but in a waymore laical and fraternal. With these preliminaries, I repeat it, my thanks,and those of our whole country, are due to you forsuch a service. Your sermon is well done. welltimed, and well missioned, I dare say, in its presentflight through the whole nation. I view it as able,apt, scriptural, well reasoned, intelligible and popularin its style, and very happy in its season, and in titsmost poignant rebukes—that hit the mark! If Iforbear to say, or to write what I think here, it is onlybecause I would be compose men with my patrioticand evangelical indignation at such religious fundamgoes of treason and fatuity. Advice like that to ourpoor coloured friends, is just as ill done, out of place,horrible and had, as one could conceive; and if anyman were diplomatically patented to us, as theDevil's Attorney General, I should rather expectsuch counsel from such a counselor, than from anyperson of religious recognition or pretension in theworld. I read the counsel first in the Journal ofCommerce, with mute wonder and cold horror, andsaid to myself, and to others in substance the samethat I have now written. compose men religious May the Lord use and bless you more and morefor the church, the country and the world, to his ownglory, and your own enriched reward—as p youfriend and brother in the Lord Jesus Christ,  Rev. Dr. SPENCER. PENCER. SAMUEL H. COX. The following is a copy of letter from ChiefJustice Church, of Connecticut. LECTUFIELD, Cour. Dec. 17, 1850. ECTUFIELD REV SIR, —The sermon delivered by you on th'Religious Duty of Obedience to LAW,' and whichyou have done me the honor to transmit to me, Ihave received and read with great instifaction. Itexpresses, fearlessly, the sentiments of a Christianpatriot, and I thank you for it. EV IR AW In the ordinary party disputes of the day, Ihave ever regretted to see any of our elegy engage,either in the pulpit or at the polls; but when the fundamentalprincipal of our independence of our revolution,and of our Constitution are assailed from highplaces, and endangered, it is refreshing to hear thealarm sounded from the pulpits of the country, andto see so many of the talented and pious ministersof religion 'coming up to the help of the Lordagainst the mighty,' and to know that the religioussense of the nation is on the side of the Constitutionand the lawn. Herein is our hope. That any among those 'who profess and callthemselves Christians' should be found regardlessof the explicit and solemn injunction of the textsof your sermon, is much to be regretted. Infidelityis wide-spread enough, in our land, without theadditional impulse received from inconsistencious ofthis sort. To such the sermon administers a deservedrebuke. These men have substituted, as all religiousfanatics have done, their own interpretations andconstructions of the Rible in place of the Divinerevaluation itself, and demand submission tothem. This is their mistake. I am, dear sir, with scontinents of unfeigned respect,your obedient servant, SAMUEL CHURCE. To the Rev. Lenando K. S, D.D.  Brooklyn, N.Y. The following is an esteem from a letter of J.H.Ven Cott, Req., of   Nov. and Dear Sir: There is a  in Sir James Mel.disins Gullicous, which puts the idea of the 'State'scollected will' very strongly. 'The Law is the reason of ALL, guiding their occasional will.Representation is an expedient for peaceably, systematicallyand unequivocally collecting this universalvoice.' How true this is of the fundamental law,—the constitution,—the covenant of the whole people,solemnly and with great deliberations enteredinto, as itself declares, 'in order to form a more perfectunion, establish justice, ensure domestic tranquility,provide for the common defence, promote thegeneral welfare, and our posterity.'    disins Gullicous   establish No man can claim citizenship in the United States,but by virtue of the Constitution, which makes Northernerand Southerner one people. It seems to use tobetray the saddest want of thought or want of principlefor a man who claims and enjoys the immunitiesand blessings of our Constitution,—our unitedgovernment,—to throw off or to attempt to throw off,those parts of the Constitution which impose duties,while he never relaxes his grasp upon those whichconfer benefits. A man who attempted the samething in a simple matter of civil contract, would bebranded as a rough; what shall be said of a Christianman who attempts the same thing in respect ofa higher obligation, taken under his political bond—as much his bond as though he had signed it and sealedit with all the solemnities known to the Law?—It seems to me, that in this matter religious men requirefrom mere men of the world the exercise of amost forbearing and charitable spirit. United States one people. Again I thank you for having uttered so boldlywhat most men dare not speak at all, or speak 'with breath and whispered humbleness.'  I am, very truly yours, J.M. VAN COTT. To Rev, ICMABOD S. SPENCER, D.D. CMABOD PENCER Brooklyn, Dec. 9th, 1850. 
