 A correspondent of the New York journal of commerce,writing from Norfolk, (Va.) says:— journal of commerce 'I have attended public worship in several churchesof different denominations, being desirous of learningfrom my own observation the state of moral andreligious sentiment in the Old Dominion; and morereverent congregations, and able, earnest and eloquentpreaching, I have seldom heard. I was struckby a passage in an extemporaneous discourse by oneof the clergymen, the most gifted, learned and elevatedof the whole, who, in illustrating the doctrineof depravity, referred to the numerous murders,robberies and riots at the north!—and thisincidentally, and without a thought of sectionalism,or the least feeling of ill-nature. Still, certain orators,preachers and paper at the North point to theSouth as a great Sodom and Gomorrah. So muchfor different stand-points of observation. Though Iam not a 'nigger worshiper,' I am not ashamed tobe a worshiper with negroes, and have attendedseveral of their churches, one of which was crowdedwith a congregation of 700, while some 300 morewere obliged to repair to class-room and lecture roomsbelow. In all truth, the colossal congregationappeared better dressed than the one at St.Paul's, which I attended in the morning, and wasthroughout the service reverent and solemn. At theclose, it was announced that on Thanksgiving Daya contribution would be taken up for the poor membersof the church, Which the preacher hoped wouldbe liberal, as the members of the congregation hadbeen highly prospered the last year! And theyslaves! They paid the greater part of the expenseof building their very respectable brick churches,and also support their ministers, one of whom is arespectable and devoted white man. All of thewhite congregations have Sabbath schools for thenegroes take out their Bibles and hymn-books inthe different parts of the service as regularly as thewhites. Their exhibitions of a simple-hearted pietyare often very touching. A great door is open forevangelizing and elevating the colored race, and thuspreparing them for freedom, and for whom theSouthern Aid Society is doing more good then allthe abolition orators, and preachers, and presses,from the frozen to the torrid zone.' the north THE LEMMON CASE—A WAONG TO BE RIGHTED.—The judgment in the Lemon case finally determinesthe facts, that the property of gentlemen from theSouth is not secure for a single moment within theoperation of the laws of New York. No matterabut the intent. The master may not mean to sojournfor an instant on the soil of the State; hemay be driven into it by stress of circumstances;but if his slave once comes within the grasp of aNew York tip staff, the confiscation of his propertymust propitiate the wrath of a virtuous community.There is no longer any such thing as protection undera common Constitutions, or comity among confederatedstates. From the sublime elevation of hermoral superiority, New York looks down upon Virginiawith horror and contempt. We are piratesand outlaws, whom the pious people of Gotham maydespoil at pleasure. Shall we submit to this reproach?Shall we endure this wrong? Does theaffront admit of no retaliation? Is the property ofcitizens of New York to be safe under the protectionof our laws, after a solemn judgment by the highestjudicial tribunal in New York, that within its jurisdiction,the property of citizens of Virginia may beconfiscated by legal process? Can our Legislaturedevise no means of redress of the grievance, and resentmentof the wrong? We submit the subject totheir consideration.—The South. HE EMMON ASE AONG TO BE IGHTED. The South. ☞Referring to the decision in the Lemon case,the Newberry (S.C.) Rising sun says:— Rising sun 'A beautiful state of affairs! No protection underthe common constitution! The South and herproperty are to be despoiled according to a solemnjudgment by the highest judicial authority in NewYork—while the property of a citizen of New Yorkis to be allowed to be landed, transported hither andthither perfectly safe, under the protection of ourlaws. Is there no way of retaliation? Would itnot be just, right and proper for us to confiscate inturn, as soon as landed on our shores, the propertystate of things always to be borne?' 
