 By the request of the Synod of the Free Church ofthe Canton Vaud ( Switzerland )—who have spontaneouslycommitted the following document to theircare—the undersigned lay before their follow-Christiansof the United State the Address of the Synodupon the subject of Slavery. And in order that theobject of the Synod may be attained in the publicityof their address, they respectfully request the editorsof newspapers, religious and secular, throughoutthe country, to insert the same in their respectivejournals at an early day. The original document, subscribed by the officersand member of the Synod, is in the possession ofthe undersigned. JOS. P. THOMRSON, OS. HOMRSON STEPMN H. TYNG, TEPMN YNG ASA D. SNITH, SA NITH THOS E. VERMILYN, HOS ERMILYN R.S.S. STORRS JR., TORRS A.D. GILLETTR ILLETTR J.K.ENNADAY. ENNADAY. New York, Dec. 3, 1857 TO THE CHRISTIANS OF THE U.S. OFNORTH AMERICA WHO LABOR FOR THEABOLITION OF SLAVERY: DEARLY BELOVED BRETHREN IN JESUS CHRIST OURLORD,— The Synod of the free Evangelical Churchof the Canton of Vaud in Switzerland, consideringthe institution of slavery to be contrary to the principlesof Christianity, and degrading to those whomaintain it as well as to its victims, feels bound toexpress its deep sympathy for the course you uphold,namely, the emancipation of the slavesthroughout the length and breadth of your greatrepublic. EARLY ELOVED RETHREN ESUS HRIST UR ORD Surely, if it is be sad that slavery should still exiteighteen centuries after the Son of God came intothe world, and angle hailed his advent, singing,'Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace,good-will towards men,' it is most peculiarly painfulfor us to hear that Christians, yes , even churches,lend their concurrence to such a state of things, or,at least, bear it without strenuously laboring for itsremoval. We pray the Lord to open the eye of allmen, but especially of our brethren in Christ, tothe crying injustice of slavery; and we beseech Himto cause to reign in every heart that charity ofwhich he is the very fountain and pattern, and inthe estimation of which there is ' neither Greek norJew, circumcision nor uncircumcision, herbarium,Scythian bond nor free, but Christ in all and in all.'O, when shall the time come when all the tribes ofthe earth shall be reconciled together, and all beings,created after the image of God shall love one anotheras brethren, and that great promise be fulfilled:They shall not heart nor destroy in all my holymountain, for the earth shall be full of the knowledgeof the Lord as the water cover the sea.' Isa.11:9 Meanwhile, we find comfort and hope in thethrough, that a great number of Christians in yourcountry lament this evil, and labor for the abolitionof slavery. We have felt ourselves urgent, dearbrethren, to hold out to you the right hand of fellowship,and to express our heartfelt wished for thesuccess of your noble endeavor Like yourselves, we consider as anti-Christianthat possession of one man by another which degradedto the level of a thing the immortal beingmade after God's image; and like you, we abhorall the evils consequent on this subversion of thefirst element of Christian morals. We consider ascriminal that constant insecurity and frequent raptureof the sacred bond of marriage, which out atthe very root of the divine institution of the family;—lastly, we can not but shedder at the thoughtof all the other, if possible, still institution of slavery. The though of these evils fills our hearts withsorrow and dismay; —with sorrow, because thosesins are committed in a protestant land, wherethere are so many thousand of evangelical churches;and because, being ourselves brethren's sin is, in somedegree, our own;—with dismay, because all thistake place in the midst of a people to whom ourEuropean nation and our reformed churches areaccustomed to look, in many respects, with hopeand admiration. sorrow dismay Dearly beloved brethren, who have began to fightin the holy cause of the abolition of slavery, receivethe heartfelt expression of our Christian affectionand brethren, be of good courage; you labor in a ceaseagreeable to God. Though far away from the scene of conflict, weyet know something of the difficulties which beastyou, from the very gravity of the evil; we knowthe faith, energy, prudence and perseverance youneed to conquer in this good fight. Once more, he of good courage, and may Christ Jesus our Lord, who has given to the world thatnew law—'As ye would that men should do up toyou, do ye also unto them,'—may Christ Jesusstrengthen you for this work of justice and of charity. Pray ,speak,write,act, use every means in conformitywith the Gospel; and if the Christians ofyour own country and of the whole world redoubletheir prayer and their endeavours, the victory mustbe yours. That victory will be complete, and Christianprinciple will be fully triumphant, when freedslaves and free negroes shall be treated every whereas becomes the dignity of a being created after theimage of God, and called into salvation in ChristJesus. Dearly beloved brethren, may your churchesand all their members, in this and every other respect,set an example of that love of our neighborwhich know no respect of persons, and which overthrows every barrier raised by sin between man andman. Dearly beloved brethren, we who take the Christianliberty to address you thus, we are little,we are nothing; but we no that, through faithand prayer , the very weakest may bring help to his spirit ofwisdom, that he may keep you from al sin in yourundertaking, and that he may one day show youHis salvation. Done at Vevey, May 14, 1857. Au Non du Synods: Le President: Ls. BURNIER, (ancient Producer.) URNIER Lee Vice-Presidents: TSOVON (ancient de l'Eglisede Cheseaux,) LS. BRIDEL, Pasteur a Lausanne. SOVON Lee Sectreteries: P. LERESCHE, Pasteur; ANTOINERAYMOND, Pasteur. Sectreteries AYMOND Les Members presents on Synods: (HUBERT MED. C. JORDON LERESCHE, Pasteur,MARGUERAT-GANTY, and seventy-three others.] ORDON 
