 A few days since, we met an agent of this Society.He had been canvassing this town with its publications.He was a young man of good appearance,evidently sincere and pious—at least so much as onecould be, and be engaged in the unprofitable businessof defending and propping up the pro-slavery courseof the present managers of the Tract Society. Theextraordinary defence which he set up for the managersis the reason why we make it a subject of comment.He took the ground that they had not violatedthe vote of instructions passed last May, forthe reason that those who passed them 'did notcontemplate any division in the Society'! This wasthe interpretation given by the investigating committee,and if it is good in the case of slavery, it isequally good in relation to polygamy, or any othersin which a portion of the Christian world defendsas a part of their religious existence. Another argumentoffered by their colorteur was, that Chritdid not condemn slavery while on earth! We arenot going to argue this case now, and will merelyask, what would be thought of a man arraigned forsheep-stealing, if he were to set up a defence that itwas not specifically condemned by Christ? contemplate any division in the Society Christian condemn slavery while on earth Now what we wish to get at is, that if the TractSociety have instructed their agents or colporteursto defend not only their own course in suppressingany matter even of Southern origin, which may inthe most distant manner allude to the bare duties ofmasters, but also to set up a sham defence of the essenceof slavery itself, it is more than time thatthose who are supporting this institution shouldknow for what purpose their money is expended.We have become used to almost anything in the lineof slavery-propagandist, but if the Tract Societyare to assume the missionary labor of preaching slaveryin Vermont, it is a new field of operations, tosay the least. But we have no fears, however, ofany influences of this kind. The intelligence of ourpeople is a sufficient barrier. From the colporteur above mentioned, we learnedthat he tarried over night with a 'Baptist Brother'in the west part of this town, and also stopped witha 'Congregational Brother,' neither of whom wouldcontribute for the support of the Tract Society. InHartford, Ct., it has been customary for the differentchurches at this season to make their annualcontributions for the Society. This year it has beenomitted, and it will be considered no small loss whenit is remembered that they have often raised theamount f $3000. A correspondent of the BostonJournal, who sides with the Managers, complainsthat the most conservative men in the interest ofthe Society are taking ground against its action,and taking the same view as that of the Brattleboro'church, that the officers of the Society are the mereagents to carry out the will of their constituents,which they have not done.—Bellows Falls Times. Journal Bellows Falls Times. 
