 Extract from the Inaugural Address of Gov. A.B.Moore to the Legislature of Alabama:— 'It is manifestly the determination of the BlackRepublicans to exterminate the institution of slavery,by prohibiting its extension into the Territories ofthe United States, by abolishing it in the District ofColumbia, and by confining it within the limits ofthe States where it now exists, so as ultimately torender slaves valueless to their owner, and thus affecttheir emancipation. With this avowed object, their numbers have continuedto increase, until they have secured the controllingpower in a large majority of the free States,and elected the Speaker of the House of Representativesat the last session of Congress. Stimulated by his success, they made a bold andreckless attempt to elect a President of the UnitedStates. This party, so strong in numbers, so destructivein its tendencies, and so determined in itspurposes, cannot be regarded with indifference, norcan our confidence in the perpetuity of the Unionremain unshaken. The prospects before us call forthe active exercise of the wisdom, firmness, and patriotionof all who properly regard the Constitution,the rights of the States, and the Union. It isclear that their mad career must be arrested, or theslaveholders must abandon all hope of maintainingtheir rights in the Union. Though the preservationof the Union cannot be considered 'the paramountpolitical good,' its dissolution would be agreat calamity, which no portion can contemplatebut with the deepest emotion. May not such an event be averted, and the equalrights of the States preserved? If the constitutional men of the free States, andthe entire South, will postpone for the present allminor questions, and unite on the great, the paramountissue presented by the Black Republicans,their efforts will be crowned with success. The recentelections, North and South, indicate that thetrue constitutional men every where see and feel theimportance of such a union. In this union is thehope of the country.' 
