 The following article was published soon after thedivision in the Methodist Episcopal Church, in theSouthern Christian Advocate, of Charleston, S.C. Southern Christian Advocate 'As we now wish the Methodist Episcopal Churchof the United States, North, joy in being fully pre-Slavery—so far as any and every vital principle isconcerned—as the M.E. Church, South, is, hasbeen, or ever will be. The ecclesiastical body is formally,truly, undeniable, irrevocably connected withslavery. Slaveholders lead her classes; slaveholderskneel at her communion tables; slaveholders fill herboard of trusteees; slaveholders occupy her very papists.Let New England and Ohio stand aghast, andlet the daughters of Eastern and Western Abolitionismgird themselves with sackcloth. Slaveholdersoccupy her pulpits, we repeat: for although thetravelling preachers of the Baltimore Conferenceare not allowed to hold this kind of property, anyof the Maryland or Virginia local preachers maythat choose so to do; and many of them are slaveholders.A fine denouement truly, is this to thewhole tragedy of the General Conference of 1844.The M.E. Church has lost sixteen of her fairestprovinces; and kept slavery sticking to her skirts, afterall. Her enemies within and without will saythat she endorses the doctrine, that human beingsmay be regarded as property—held as chattels—what answer can we give? She sees no moral guiltin the relation of master and slave, per se. Her officialorgans must be again closed. Expediencymust strangle conscience, or abolitionists will leavethe foul communion in thousands. The slidingscale of morality must be adopted again, and thatcourse of auction be regarded as virtuous and praiseworthyIn short, the Baltimore Conference hasconferred a better boon upon the Southern Churchby going North, than if she had brought to ourcommunication twice the amount of her present number,and ten times the amount of her talent. Shekeeps slavery in the mother Church, and makesevery apology for Northern Methodism, a championof Southern rights and principles.' North pre-Slavery slaveholders occupy her very papists. Virginia local preachers denouement kept slavery per se. must 
