 The following thrilling sketch of a Slave Auctionwas written by one of the Editors of the Utica (N.Y.)Morning Herald, while on a visit to New Orleans, andpublished some time ago in that paper. Democrats!Christians! this is the way in which human beingsare daily bought and sold in the market! Blush foryour country, and seek to to redeem it! Morning Herald I have just returned from a slave auction. Themore prominent beauties of the 'Institution' areperpetually thrusting themselves upon one, 'will be,nill he.' I as little dreamed, two hours ago, of attendinga 'negro auction,' as I did of taking a tripto the moon. Let me tell you how it came about.I was sauntering along St. Louis street, (in the'French part,') when I observed a crowd of negroes,composed of men, women and children,marching, under the escort of a white man, towardthe St. Louis Hotel. A moment afterward, I observedanother gang going in the same direction,and soon after a third. I had the curiosity to followthem, and as I entered the rotund of the hotelobserved, I should presume, no less than one hundredand fifty negroes, ranged in front of the differentauctioneer's stands. Operations had not yetcommenced. Fresh 'lots' of negroes were constantlycoming in, and the various 'dealers' were makingexaminations of the different 'articles' on exhibition.The immense rotunds— an elegant andmost fashionable affair— was thronged with speculators,buyers, dealers and lookers-on. Some weresmoking their Havanas— some were taking their toddies— some were reading their morning papers— andsome were chattering on politics, the money marketand the weather. The auctioneers were slowlywalking to and fro upon their elevated rostrums,like men who appreciated their importance, occasionallystopping to answer an inquiry from a customer.The laugh— the joke— the stinging repartee— the sunny smile— the cordial greeting of friends— the courteous auctioneers— the elegant hall— theflash of fashion, and the atmosphere of gentilitypervading the gay throng— how unlike the horrorsof my gloomy imaginings! Yet what amazing callousness! The clock strikes 12! A change comes over thespirit of the sense. The batons of the auctioneers,brought down against the solid marble, act with thepotency of magic upon the babbling throng. Fourauctioneers, in four several sections of the Rotunda,hammering away with frightful volubility, and stillmore frightful gesticulation, at four several parcelsof human 'chattels.' These four gentleman areshouting at the top of their voices, alternately inFrench and English, as if, each made a point ofscurrying to drown the voices of the others. But thegentleman on my right seems to carry off the honors,both as respects strength of lungs and rapidityof utterance. I wish, dear reader, you were standingnear me, for I can give you but a very indifferentdaguerreotype of the efforts of this popularstump orator. He is now engaged in hauling uponthe 'block' a feeble negro woman, with a sad andsickly countenance. having placed her in theproper position, with rather more expedition thangentleness, with commendable candor he informs thespectators that 'this girl' (she is aged at least forty)'is always pretending to be sick, and I do nottherefore warrant her.' He sells her, however, at alow figure— some $400— and the next instant, herplace is supplied by a fine-looking, bright-eyedyoung mulatto woman, with an infant, almost perfectlywhite, in her arms. He informs his patronsthat 'this girl is named ANN, aged 22, and freefrom the diseases and vices designated by law;' andproceeds, alternately in French and English, somewhatthus: 'How much for this girl? Quanddonnez me pour catte Exclave? How much do I hearfor this splendid girl? Five hundred—cirque centsseven hundred—six cents. Gentleman, look at thisgirl! Good nurse and seamstress. Do I hear onethousand? One thousand is offered— one thousand—going, going— sold to Cash, one thousand.' Nextis sold, for $1,200, a plantations hand named JIM;then a 'boy,' aged about 50, named TOM, for 1,000;then two 'boys'— mulattoes— first rate coopers, for$1,500 each; then a 'family,' composed of a motherand four children—the latter all mulattoes—for$2,500. Our eloquent friend having disposed of hisentire lot, proceeded, with hardly a moment's interruption,to sell a lot of real estate, &c. batons pretending almost perfectlywhite NN Quanddonnez me pour catte Exclave cirque cents six cents. IM OM The three other gentlemen auctioneers were drivingon an equally flourishing, though not quite sorapid a trade. One of them—a very handsome,youngish-looking man—was devoting himself exclusivelyto the sale of young mulatto women. Onthe block, at the time I approached his stand, wasone of the most beautiful young women I ever saw.She was aged about 16 years, was dressed in a cheapstriped woollen gown, and bare-headed. I couldnot discover a single trace of the African about herfeatures. She was much whiter than the averageof Northern white women; her form was gracefulin the extreme, and she carried in her head a pairof eyes that pierced one through and through. Unlikemany of her fellow-captives, she seemed fullysensible of her degraded condition, and turned awaywith true maiden timidity from the impudent stareof the hand featured throught about her.  Secretiverender! what do you think became of that beautifulgirl? She was struck off for $1,250 to one of themost lecherous looking old brutes I ever set eyes on.God shield the helpless victim of that had bad man'spower—it may be, ere now, that bad man's lost! I couldnot discover a single trace of the African about herfeatures. But I was destined a moment after to witness afar sadder, more heart-rending sense. A noble-lookingmulatto woman was sitting upon a bench,holding in her arms two little children—one an infant,and the other a beautiful bright-eyed little boyof some seven or eight years. Her face wore a troubledand frightened look, as if she was consciousthat some great evil was about to befall her. Whenher turn to be sold came, she ascended the platform,the babe in her arms, and the little boy clinging toher skirts. The auctioneer offered to sell the 'lot'together, but no responsible bids having been made,the mother and little boy were put up separately, andsold to separate parties—the one going to Texas, andthe other to Mississippi. The final separation ofthe mother and child took place a few minutes afterward.I shall never forget the horror and theagency of that parting. The poor frantic motherbegged and implored of 'masser' to 'buy little Jemmietoo,' (and I will do him the justice to say thathe was much moved by her appeals.) and when shefound that her appeals were in vain, she burst forthin the most frantic walls that ever despair gave utteranceto. At last, mother and child were forciblyseparated and hurried off, to see each other no moreon earth. My heart is not adamant, and I enscratedwith more than former ardor a system thatcould ever permit such fiendish atrocities. the mother and little boy were put up separately, andsold to separate parties permit Thus I saw with my own eyes—thus I had thrustupon me, almost—two of the most detestable andhorrible features of the slave system—the sale ofbeautiful young women to lustful male owners, andthe forcible separation of parents from their offspring.These things have been grossly denied by Northernprints and Northern clergy. That they are exceptionalI believe to be true; but that they are toleratedin any civilized or Christian community, is aand commentary upon the humanity of the age. male tolerated And these scenes in the rotunda of the west fashionablehotel in the city! The air is soft and balmy,and the day is as beautiful as ever gladdened theheart of man. The golden sunshine, streamingthrough the crystal dome, bathes the spacious hall ina flood of radiance. Above, around this mart ofhuman souls, a gay and giddy throng are holdingjoyous revelry. The great hotel is thronged withwealth and beauty, and the music of the piano andguitar are blending with the still sweeter music ofglad voices. Above the din of the hot and dustystreet, and above the hoarser din of the mart below,is heard the loud laugh and heartful glee of theapostles of pleasure. Gay equipages are drawingup before the stately pile, and 'fair women andbrave men' are proudly disappearing through itsportals to swell the throng. Within these sumptuoushalls—amid that flash of beauty, fashion andwealthy, whether so many splendors are gathered together—who would dream that under the same broaddome, and in the effulgence of the same golden sunshine—crime, and, sin, and despair were holdinghigh revel? Who would dream that the formerdrew their sustenance from the latter? Well, well; the scene draws its own moral. Lifeis made, up of startling contracts. Splendor andmisery ever side by side. If one wears the crown,some other must wear the cross. Wherever the sunshines, there also creeps the specter shadow. It is,after all, better to suffer the gloom of the shadow,than be without the sunshine. NOTA BENE. The place I have above described,I should have before mentioned, is the scene of'Uncle Tom's. sale after the death of St. Clair.Mrs. Stowe has painted it well and faithfully. w. OTA ENE. 
