 Our government missed three golden opportunities,within a few years past, of extending our dominionand our republican institutions in the right direction,when it failed to take advantage of the BlackWarrior, Panama and Central American difficulties,to which we have just alluded. It should then havetaken possession of the frowning butteries of theMoro—that fortress at the mouth of the Mississippi—it should have seized Panama and Nicaragua, andheld their transit routes for the benefit of the commercialworld. We conquered Mexico once, we may have to do itagain. Would it not have been better, on the scoreof humanity, good government, and the commercialinterest of the world, to have held it when the prizewas in our hands? We doubt whether a powerfulEuropean nation would have given posterity such aspecimen of excessive magnanimity. Having lost three golden opportunities for the acquisitionof valuable territory—territory to essentialto our commercial interests and national posterity—will our Government pass by a fourth? There lies St. Domingo. Look at it. It is oneof the finest, the fruitfullest, the healthiest of theWest India Islands. Nearly as large as South Carolina,having an area extending twenty-seven thousandand square miles, with an inexhaustible , with acoast indented with bays affording fine harbors, richin all the richest products of the topics, and clothedwith the perpetual beauty of an unsurpassed vegetation—there it lies like a precious wait in the sea.Take it! Is it not a burning disgrace, that a black empireshould lay almost at our doors—that a half millionof negroes should be permitted to lord it our suchan Island as St. Domingo? If we look at St. Domingo in a commercial pointof view, its acquisition would be most valuable.The trading world would be benefited, were it topass into our hands. Let us take Hayti, the bestcultivated part of the island, for example. Duringthe last year of the French dominion, the sports ofthe principal products of the colony were — clayedsugars, 47,316,531 pounds, and muscovado sugar,98,573,300 pounds; coffee, 76,835,219 pounds; andcotton, 7,504,274 pounds. In 1851, the amount ofcoffee exported was only 43,000,000 pound and ofcotton 1,200,000. These and other exported articlesamounted to only five millions of dollars!  Whatits exports would amount to, under a judicious systemof agriculture, inaugurated by an surprisingrace like ours, surpasses calculation. But there is a still stronger reason why we shouldhave St. Domingo, and especially Hayti. Soulouque,mortified that our Government will no receive aMinister from his sable Court, loses no pretext torevenge himself upon inoffensive captains and sailorsof American merchantmen in the part of theisland. But a little while ago, Capt. Leets, of aRhode Island brig, lying at Port au Prime, was imprisoned,and fined heavily, because he permitted oneof Souloque's subjects from tampering with hiscrew. Similar outrages occur frequently, and thereis, therefore, no security for an American vessel onthe coast of Hayti. We repeat it. let our Government take the Island.If it will not obliterate this bogus empire—thismiserable farce of a nation, and substitute one ofour choice, let Congress suspend the neutrality lawsfor one year, and the South will soon do the businessfor Soulouque. In fact, we believe the masses ofthe nation would exult over the inauguration of anew state of things in that country. The peopleare progressive enough—it is only the Governmentthat acts the sluggard, now and then demanding toplay the Vidocq against its own citizens in behalf offoreign countries. 
