 THE NATIONAL ANTI SLAVERY STANDARD. Whatthink of the official organ of the American Anti-SlaverySociety- of its editorial the and ability, itswell-sustained interest, and its fidelity to the cause itadvocated—it is needless for us to say. We quote thefollowing justly commendatory notices of it by otherjournals the commencement of another volume ofthe Standard is a new and beautiful typographicaldress:— HE ATIONAL NTI LAVERY TANDARD. Standard ☞The National Anti-Slavery Standard, the organand exponent of the Anti-Slavery Society, presidedover editorially by Oliver Johnson, Esq., one of thereal live anti-slavery men of the present age, came tous last week in an entire new dress. The Standardeaters upon its 21st year with this number, and itsappearance demonstrates in success. We wouldanti-slavery it to those who wish a living, radicalon the addressing the 'Publisher of the National Anti-SlaveryStandard. No. 5, Beckman-st., New York.'— The National Anti-Slavery Standard, The Standard Cortland Republican Banner. Cortland Republican Banner. ☞The New York Anti-Slavery Standard, one ofthe best anti-slavery papers in the country, has justentered upon its twenty-first year, and comes to itsnumerous readers in a new and elegant freedom suit.Good to see this evidence of its prosperity. May it'live a hundred years'! and long before that timesee the object, for which it has faithfully labored fortwenty years, fully attained, Not expense has beenadopted to make this paper efficient in the cause it advocates,as well as an agreeable visitor to the familycircle.—Northern Advocate. Anti-Slavery Standard Northern Advocate. ☞It is hardly necessary for us to say, that we regardthe Standard as the best paper of its particulartype in the country. We never consider ourselvespasted on any political question till the view from itseditorial stand-point as perused. While disagreeingwith its conductors politically and theologically, weexactly hope it may flourish till the last chain dropsfrom the limbs of the last slave.—Norristown freePress. Norristown freePress. 
