 The announcement, in our last number, of the veryserious illness of THEODORE PARKER, has preparedour readers for the further intelligence that be departedthis life at Florence, on the 10th of May. hehas thus been removed in the maturity of his marvellousfaculties and powers, before completing hisfiftieth year; having performed an immense amountof brain-work as scholar, a thinker, a philanthropist,and a reformer, yet leaving undone much thathis teeming mind and noble heart were constantlyprojecting. He had a large ambition, but it was toserve his race, and to banish superstition and errorfrom the earth. His ability to acquire knowledge toevery direction, was most extraordinary, yet notgreater than his disposition to see that knowledgewith unbounded prodigality for the enlightenmentand welfare or his fellow-men. Few men have everpossessed such powers of analysis and classification,reasoning from cause to effect, and showing the relationof things on a broad and philosophical basis.His works will be a splendid legacy to posterity.They are more read and better known in Europe thanthose of any other ethical writer in America andhave already revolutionized the ideas and opinions ofa vast multitude on both sides of the Atlantic. Howeveropen to criticism in some of the respects, they challengeuniversal admiration for their scholarly proficiencyand moral independence. Mr. Parker dared to betrue to his highest convictions, and to utter themboldly, at great cost to his reputation; knowing thathe would be branded as a heretic, and represented as'a pestilent and seditious fellow.' It was not in hisnature to wish to be singular, or to give offence inany direction; but he could not lay aside his manhood,or suppress his honest opinions, much as hedesired to live in peace with all men. His personalfriends were very strongly attached to him, for theyknew his worth, and saw the daily beauty of his life.His death makes a void so great that it seems difficultto conjecture how it can ever be filled; but Providence is never put to any extremity, andnone of its designs are ever foiled by the removal ofany man, however useful or great. We join, with agreat multitude, in proffering our tenderest sympathiesto his estimable widow, who was so eminentlyworthy to be the partner of one so widely renowned,and to whom he was so largely indebted for the joysand felicities of domestic life. HEODORE ARKER  We have no room, this week, further to expressour feelings in view of this great bereavement. 
