 I remember the case of an ambitious student, whowork, as the caption of his maiden effort, 'The Past,the Present, and Future.' I feel here to-night,Mr. Chairman, at his late hour, in view of this greatquestion, like that young man, with that large themebefore him for a fifteen minutes' speech. I presumescene will deny that the question of American Slaveryis the most important question that is presentedto this age and to this nation—shall I not say, thathas been presented to any age and any nation, at leastonce the great Reformation of the seventh century?I remember, when I was in the neighborhoodof the White Mountains last summer, that whereverI turned my eye, Mount Washington stood conspicuousabove his fellows, that it was the one great objectwhich always arrested my gaze, and to which my fellow-travellersalways directed my attention. So is itwith regard to this great question of American Slavery.It is well-nigh ubiquitous; it is almost omnipresent.It meets you everywhere. If you openyour morning newspaper, the first word that strikesyour eye is 'slavery.' If you enter the halls of Congress,you need not ask upon what subject that executedspeaker is haranguing; for, whether he hailsfrom the pine forests of Maine, or from the 'continuouswoods, where rolls the Oregon,' whether he comesfrom the prairies of Northern Wisconsin and Minnesota,or from the everglades of Florida or the riceswamps of Georgia and the Carolinas, one subjectonly claims his attention—that subject, Slavery. Inthe ecclesiastical convocations, whether it be theEpiscopal Convention, the Methodist Conference, thePresbyterian Assembly, or the Congregational Council,nine chances to one that the word which firstmeets your ear is 'slavery.' In fine, I know of butme spot in all this broad and fair land where you areperfectly exempt from the intrusion of this very disagreeablesubject (to some). Of course, I mean afashionable church, in one our great Eastern cities.(Laughter and applause.) The period in which we have assembled is a veryremarkable one. Society is stirred to its profoundestdepths. The country is rocked, and has been formonths, as by a moral earthquake. The bands thatbind political parties are snapped like the withes onthe arms of Samson, and at last that political Judas,which, for thirty years past, has ever been able to betraythe cause of liberty, after purchasing, by theDred Scott decision and the repeal of the MissouriCompromise, the vast, grand field of all our terotoryfor the introduction of slavery, has fallen headlong,burst in the midst, committed political suicide, at thehere sight of its own atrocities, and all its bowels havegushed out. (Loud applause.) Why is it, my friends,that we witness such a state of things as the present?Have we all been seized with frenzy and madness?Are we, like men be witched by the glamour and weirdfascination of Niagara until they plunge into theabyss, about to plunge into national ruin? No, I answer;a thousand times, no. The reason of all thisis that we are face to face with the mightiest questionof the age; that we are face to face with a questionthat cannot be ignored, and will not be put off; aquestion that must be settled; a question in whichthe interests of thousands and millions are involved;a question in which the most important issues for ourrace are involved. I have here my charges to bring against slavery, likemy brother (Rev. Mr. Bradford) who has gone beforeme; had I not, I should not be here. My first chargeagainst it is, that it murders liberty in the persons offour millions of men, of the same blood, made in theimage of the same God, endowed with the same untenableright to 'life, liberty, and the pursuit ofhappiness,' and bought with the blood of the sameRedeemer with ourselves. (Applause.) That, myfriends, extends not only to these four millions, but totheir children, not for one, two, three or a thousandgenerations, but to all generation. The tremendousdeem and curse of slavery rests upon them like aneternal punishment, that knows neither respite nottermination. Not only does it extend to the numberin this country, and to their children, but in thatbread land which had recently been opened by Livingstonsand other explorers, there is the source, in itsseeming millions, for an inexhaustible supply, which,through the channel of the slave trade, is to be pouredinto this lower deep of American chattel slavery. Inthese grand discoveries, in which science sees vast expressadded to her already magnificent domain, inthose teeming millions, on which Christianity lookswith hopeful eyes, as fields white to the harvest ofmissionary and beneficent effort, Slavery sees only theelements of her own increase, and the advance of herown power, places her basilisk eye on those teemingmillions, and, like the daughters of the horse-leech,ones, 'Give, give!'—like another grave, is neversatisfied—like another hell, enlarges herself and openswide her month, that she may received them and theirchildren to the irreversible doom of oppression andbondage forever! (Applause.) We have here to settlethis great question; and not only so, but in thisland, and on this battle-field, the great question ofslavery is to be settled forever. I have no doubt thatif we can cut off the head of the hydra here, we haveended the conflict for all time, for all the ages that areyet to come. As I believe in a more glorious era thanhas ever yet dawned on the world, and as I believe ina grander order of the ages than has ever yet arisen,as I believe that this question of slavery for white andblack is to be settled here forever. I have another charge to bring against it, which is,that is opposed to our modern Christian civilization.'Two elements,' says Guizot, 'are comprised in thegreat fact that we call civilization—it lives on twoconditions, it manifests itself in two methods—theprogress of the individual and the progress of society;the enlargement of the faculties of man and theamelioration of the social system.' But is there anyone so ignorant as not to know that there is noamelioration of the social system possible to slavery?that kindness to the slave is altogether out of the question?And as to any progress, intellectual or moral,of the individual, let the slave laws, forbidding anyone to teach them to read or write, answer for that.I charge upon slavery not merely that it is a relic ofbarbarism, but that it is an element of barbarism.Wherever it exists, there society must partake of barbarism,more or less, This fact is illustrated in all thehistory of the past, but more especially is it illustratedin our land and in our day. Do you ask for theproofs? I point you to the recent executions on Virginiasoil. point you to that man who stood on thisplatform to-day (Rev. Mr. Worth,) freed from aSouthern prison-house on condition that he pays toNorth Carolina three thousand dollars. I wonderwhat the Old North State is going to do with so muchmoney! If it had been South Carolina, I shouldthink that she had got the money to buy the crutchesto walk out of the Union with, that Wendell Phillipshas told us of. (Laughter.) I charge slavery with being the foe to modern civilization,and the proof comes from the halls of Congressduring the present winter. There may be exceptionsto the rule, but the nature of slavery, its tendency,is to create a set of cowardly, brutal ruffians,who are unfit for the intercourse and society of civilizedand refined gentlemen.(Loud cheers.) Thebillingsgate and drunkenness, the vituperation andbullying, on one side and the other, in the hall of Representatives,are the proofs, the Smiths, the Barks-dalesand the Pryors are the personal illustrations, ofwhat I say. And yet, we are told, these are 'God'sministers for good'; these are the men, according toour lower-law divines, to whom we owe respect andobedience, 'for conscience sake'! These are the menwho are 'a terror to evil-doers, and a praise to themthat do well'! These are the men who 'bear not thesword (nor to bowie-knife in vine'! (Laughterand cheers.) These are the men who reach out thearm of their tyranny, and take from his fireside andhis home on of our esteemed citizens, and may dothe same with you and with me, if they choose tonight. But, again, I charge it with being the foe to themorals of our country and our nation. Will any manflaunt it in my face here that I do not know what Iam talking about? I have stood upon the soil cursedby its presence; I have seen something of its yet unwrittenatrocities, something of its yet inconceivablewickedness. I have no language to describe themoral atrocities of which it is always the parent. Ihave talked with master and slave, and I say that thehalf has not been told, never can be told, never willbe told, of the corrupt state of society all over theSouth. Take one fact, which has been already alludedto to-night—that there are four millions of humanbeings who have no law of marriage, who areliving in a state of promiscuous concubinage, underthe power of irresponsible masters, many of whom arethe vilest of the vile that walk the face of the earth.Remember that this degradation has been going onfor centuries, and then you can form some idea ofwhat the state of things must be there. I might illustrateby anecdote after anecdote, drawn from myown personal observation, but let one suffice. I saidto an old slave, whom I met on one occasion, whowas living alone, 'Is it possible that you have livedto this period of life, and never been married?' Iwish you could have seen the smile that spread overhis countenance at my exceeding greenness as he replied—'Lor bress you, massa, I have had more wivesthan you could put in this yere room.' And thenthe old man went on and told me the story of the fateof his wives, one after another sold and separated fromhim. A Presbyterian minister (Old School) permittedhis own son, fourteen years old, to marry a slavegirl that belonged to him, on a Saturday evening, andin less than three months sold her to an Old Schoolleader, who lived fourteen miles distant, and then hadthe effrontery to send a letter by me, dunning hisbrother church-member for his money! Of course, Idid not know what the contents of the letter were; ifI had, I should not have taken it. He said it was alittle matter of business! This is a feeble illustrationof what is passing all the time inside the Churches ofthe South. But, then, I make this charge not merely againstthe South, but against the whole nation. I do notexpect much of nations now, or for ages to come, perhaps,in point of morality. No nation has ever existed,as yet, that has taken this book (the Bible) as thebasis of its statute law, and incorporated the principlesof Christianity into its constitution of government.No nation exists to-day that has the slightestclaim to be called Christian. Nations there are inwhich there are Christian men, but a Christian nationhas never existed, and does not exist. But there are,I think, violations of the moral law by our public mensuch as the world does not witness elsewhere. Tellme in what Christian or what heathen land will thehighest court of justice decide that one class have norights which another class are bound to respect? Tellme in what Christian or heathen land a man may bea prominent candidate for the highest office in thegift of the public, who openly avows but one sentiment(if we may judge by the frequency of its repetition,)that this government was made for white men,and not for 'niggers'—to use his own elegant phraseology.You know that Wm. H. Seward says no mancan ever be President of the United States who spells'negro' with two g's; and I think that Stephen ArnoldDouglas is yet to illustrate the truth of the assertion.(Laughter and cheers.) Why, in the daysof the Spanish Inquisition no such atrocious sentimentswere uttered. Never, in the Cortex of Spain,in the days of the Star Chamber, in the worst reignof the brutal Henry or the bloody Mary, in the PrivyCouncil, in the days of the perjured Charles and theatrocious James, were such sentiments uttered as ourhalls of legislation have echoed to during the presentand the preceding sessions. Do you ask me for proof?What crime that ever dishonored God or disgracedhuman nature, to which statesmen have given theirconsent, ever, equaled in atrocity that of the slavetrade? And yet, has not that trade found its unblushingadvocates in our halls of legislation? WEwonder that such villany can exist in the light of day.What is our astonishment to find it has it seat in theSenate chamber and on the very throne of justice itself! But I have another and still more sever charge tobring against it. It is the dishonor it has done to ourcommon Christianity and our holy religion. Notcontent with disgracing our statute-book, not contentwith robbing man of every right that men holdsdear, it has thrust its foul and heinous presence intothe sanctuary of God; it has entwined its slimyfolds around the sacred alter, and with its thousandhissing tongues of asps profanes the very garden ifthe ark of the covenant of our God; and the manwho would assail it is branded as n 'Infidel,' I believein a Bible that is inspired from beginning toend, but it is a Bible all flaming with tongues of fireagainst an atrocity so iniquitous as this; it is a Biblein which there is no sanction for this crime from firstto last; bible which, if you were to take its principlesand make them the fundamental law of theland, would abolish slavery before to-morrow's sunsank in the west. I believe in a personal Savior butit is a Savior who cast in his lot with the poor, theweak, and the degraded. It is a Savior who is to beseated on a throne of final judgment, and, if mancome and say, 'Have we not prophesied in thy name?have we not built up great Tract Society and largechurches, and established great missionary efforts?have we not edited Presbyterians and Observers, andin thy name done many wonderful works? willanswer, 'Inasmuch as ye have not done it unto thesemy brethren, ye have not done it unto me; I neverknow you.' I believe, certainly, in the church of theliving God; but it is an organization not establishedfor injustices, not to be a great weapon in the handof Slavery, but to be a great instrumentality of beneficenceand of good to our race; and I charge itupon Slavery that by a hideous metamorphosis, suchas never entered into the imagination of a heathenpoet, it has transformed the church of the living Godinto an engine of iniquity and wrong, and unfurledthe black banner of Death on those battlements fromwhich alone should float the glorious banner of theCross; that it has brought more disgrace on this book,and on our holy religion, than all the infidels of thelast four centuries. Presbyterians Observers Now, my friends, I have no time to enter upon apoint which is extremely interesting to me; but herelet me say that I was present, not many days ago,in a so-called religious assembly in this city, whichdeclared, by a vote of 91 to 89, that they would notcondemn mercenary slaveholding, and I heard, fromthe lips of a man professing to be a gospel minister,language that might have been appropriate for a slavefactory, that might have become the deck of a slave-ship,that might have answered at the head of a coffleof slaves, marched off, to the tune of 'Hail, Columbia!'from Virginia to Georgia, but which was adisgrace and an outrage to the common sentiments ofa Christian community, much more to a body callingitself an evangelical organization. The substance ofhis statement, was, that he had bought and sold slaves,and would do so again, under, the same circumstances!And this man, with his hands dripping with the bloodof his fellow-men, undertook to preach the gospel ofour Lord and Savior Jesus-Christ! It was said of apastor of this city, who volunteered a defense of thesystem itself, and scorned the man who would say aword for the noble martyr, John Brown, that his pocketswere lined with forty thousand dollars, the priceof men, women and children, whom he had soldinto interminable bondage. Are we to bear tohave our religion insulted and outraged, and lift novoice against it? o answer, No! a thousand times,No! Now, it is too often taken for granted, I think, byour friends on this platform, (judging by their wide sweepingdenunciation,) that this organization ofwhich I have been speaking is the true church. Whatis the Christian Church? I trace it by the blood ofthe martyrs in the ages of the past; I mark her placeby the lurid flames that have burned her professors.Where was the Church in those early days but in thefastness of the Alps, and among the mountains ofScotland? And is there not a large remnant left todaywho will have nothing to do with this atrocioussystem, and would banish it from the Church ofGod? I speak thus far for the Presbyterians, and I saythere are more than seven hundred ministers who believethe oppression of this land merits the wrath andcurse of God, both in this life and the life to come,and have so recoded it, and will not admit a slaveholderto their communion. (Applause.) And whyhave not we, the seven hindered, as much right to callourselves the Presbyterian Church, in the view of thatgreat pro-slavery organization, as they have, and afar better right? I mention these things, my friends, only that justicemay be done on all side. I screen no man orset of men from the just rebukes that belong to themwhen they attempt to cover up any such iniquity asthis. But I know the wide-pared influence of this.I know that when the editor of religious newspaperscome to speak of the friend of the slave, they diptheir pens in the poison of asps; when they speak ofslavery and pro-slavery men, their pens drop honey,and they are held as the very chef of God's saints,the salt of the earth, to be loved and admired. Suchan out-spoken and free paper as the Independent—and it is in many respects independent, and the bestof its class— wriggles and sticks on the tern maulsin so—slavey is sin itself; joins in the common cryagainst Dr. Cheever, and stigmatizes the Presidentof this Society as an infidel, lest its subscription listshould fall off! And what shall I say of a man likethe pastor of Plymouth Church, a mighty son ofEphraim, who turned back, faint-hearted, on the dayof battle, until dragged forward, by a member of hisown church, a boy in age, but not in mind—(applause,)—until the editorial lash of the Tribune hasbeen laid upon his back, being a more quietist,and not taking that prominent position which mightbe expected of him? Independent independent mauls Tribune Now, shall I not charge it upon such a system asthis that it has dishonored the cause which I mosthonor? Bu that Bible which I revere, and in thename of that Satire whose follower I profess to be,and of that salvation in which I prefers to tryst, Ishall protest everywhere, and at all times, against aslander and an opprobrium so foul, brought uponthe cause of His holy religion. I am sometimes asked, what good does all yourtaking do? Well, sir, it is my trade to talk, andperhaps I think more of it than others do; but I believethat talking has destroyed every great from ofevil that has ever existed. I have to say that I believein the sword too; and if one day of the oppressionof the slaves is worse than a thousand years ofthat which our fathers threw off by the Revolution,they have the right, had they the power, to threwthe oppression and bondage that are upon them. Andso it will be, if the nation does not heed our talk. Iprefer reason, remonstrance, moral suasion to the verylast, if possible. I would avert a doom like that frommy country and my friends at the South, by talking;I would avert a doom like that by bringing moralsuasion to bear, in order to hold back the arm of anavenging God, and restrain those bolts of justice whichmust, sooner or later, descend, unless this nation repentsof its iniquity. Abolitionists have talked, andit is very likely they will continue to talk, while theyhave the New York Herald to send their speeches allover the South. I will appeal to every argumentwithin the whole range and compass of humanthought, in order to put an end, at once and forevermore,to this enormous and gigantic system of iniquity. Herald I always feel gratified with any manly and honestcriticism made upon our Society, whether in regardto its principles or its measures. If there be a better wayfor us to pursue, we will thank any one to show uswhere it lies. Our hearty desire is the immediate,unconditional, eternal abolition of slavery, (applause,)and we would leave no stone unturned, no weaponunused, that is lawful, to bring about that desirableevent. I think the American Anti-Slavery Societyis characterized as much by its practical good sense asby its high moral principle, and, indeed, that its goodsense and practical character are seen in its highmoral principle. How shall we abolish slavery in this country? Bystriking hands with slaveholders? by entering into acompromise with those who 'trade in slaves and thesouls of men,' and by giving them the right hand ofChristian fellowship, or the left hand of politicalaffiliation? or shall we come out and be separate?It is by a stern logical and moral necessity that wehave been driven, to demand the dissolution of theUnion. It has not been a step rashly taken by us.We are American born, and we grew up, with theblood given to us, with an almost idolatrous venerationfor the Union. We have had our days of shouting.'The Union forever!' and of glorying in thestar-spangled banner and the American Constitution.These were days of ignorance. Now we abhor theConstitution, and, in the language of this book, pronounceit 'a covenant with death and an agreementwith hell.' (Applause and hisses.) As for the star-spanglebanner, it is clotted with human blood. Itwaves over four millions of the children of God, reducedto the condition of things. We have torn downthat flag, and will not allow it to float any more overour heads. And as for the Union, we say that as itwas based upon certain compromises, everywhere understood,everywhere conceded, whereby slavery wasrendered secure, and the slaveholders had extraordinarypower put into their hands,because they woreslaveholders, it is sinful to uphold it; and we therefore exclaim, 'No Union with Slaveholders!' because they woreslaveholders As for the Republican party, does it deny one ofthese slaveholding guaranties, which the nation hasrecognized from the beginning? No! Does not theRepublican party believe that, by the Constitution,the slaveholder has a right to make slave-huntingground of the entire North? Yes! Does it not concedethat, in proportion to the number of slaves inthe Southern States, the slaveholders may have addedpolitical power? Yes! Does it not believe that, incase a slave insurrection takes place, and the slaveholdersare not able to put it down, they have a rightto call upon the President of the United States, andhe is bound to summon the military and naval powerof the country to suppress that insurrection? Yes!And is not the Republican party ready to take oaththat it will carry out all these conditions as faithfullyas any party that has ever yet appeared in the country?Yes! Then, how can I, claiming to be a friendand representative of the slave, on the day of election,march up to the ballot-box, and give my votefor such a party, and say that I have done a deed forfreedom? I see no hope for the peaceful emancipationof the slave in our county, while the North iswilling to carry out these slaveholding guarantiesand compromises—none whatever. I see nothing beforeus but fire and blood, while the North is resolvedto remain in connection with the South. What is the use of making is a matter of morewords? Nothing can be found in the Constitutionpertaining to slavery, we are told. The word slaveor slavery never has been in that instrument; thereforeno such alleged compromises were ever made.This is verbal criticism. But it is against historicalevidence in regard to the actual design of the instrument.I think the man would insult my understandingwho should come upon this platform, and undertaketo deny that Congress had ever passed a FugitiveSlave bill. But why may he hot? When did Congressever pass such a bill? Examine it, and youwill find that there is not a word in it about giving upa fugitive slave, or about slave-hunting. What is it?It is simply and entirely the language of the Constitutionof the United States. And yet, the enactmentof that Fugitive Slave bill has created such anindignation, such a horror of mind, that the worlditself has shuddered in view of it. Ah! we must goto the meeting of things. True, neither the wordsfugitive slave nor slave-hunter are in the bill; true,its language, on the face of it, is unexceptionable;but the meaning, the intent, the design of it, makesits diabolism, and gives it its power. And so it iseverywhere correctly interpreted and exactly serriedout, according to its intent. Suppose I agree withanother that, in order to suboerve my own purpose, Iwill help him commit some deed of villany. Wedraw up our papers; but, of course, we are shrewdenough not to put down what we intend to do in plainEnglish. We agree upon certain deceptive wordsbetween us, which we mutually understand, andwhich, while they do not technically describe thething, will answer our purpose. I agree to it. Itake the benefit of the crime, and, having obtainedit, I turn round, and defy him to prove that I everagreed to commit any crime whatever. Would thisbe honest? Would it not be a fraud? I take the nation at its word, and that is, that wehave a Constitution whereby slavery is protected bycertain guaranties. The nation has never had adoubt upon this subject. This criticism about words,words, words, is purely exceptional. The peopleeverywhere reject it, and all parties, from the beginningof the government until now, have understoodand conceded the three-fifth slave representation,giving up the fugitive slave, and putting downslave insurrection by the General Government whenevernecessary. It is in their hearts to hare all thesethings done; they meant it from the beginning—theymean it now; and taking thorn at their word, wesummon them to repentance, and tell thorn that theyhave entered into a horrible compact, by their ownshowing, which they are bound to repudiate forever.Is not that to be practical? But, we are told, to dissolve the Union will be toleave the slaves alone. How do I forsake a manwhen I say to another, who baa him by the throat,and whom I have agreed to stand by, and see that hethrottles his victims successfully, 'I can do this nolonger, and will not; but I will prevent your doingit, as far as I can'? Give me the omnipotent North;give me the resources of the eighteen free States ofour country, on the side of freedom, as a great, independent,free empire, and I will ask nothing more forthe abolition of slavery. (Applause.) The hour thatwitnesses the establishment of such an empire willwitness the overthrow of the slave system; for withoutthis North, it is utterly impossible, in the natureof things, for the slave States, degraded and powerlessas they are, to hold a single slave in bondage.Our practical work, then, is to cut the connection.Not to separate ourselves from the slaves, but fromtheir masters. Then, our great, magnificent, invincibleNorth will be Canada all the way through, to allfugitive slaves, (applause,) and it would not taketwenty-four hours to empty the whole South, andextinguish the slave system. That would be the inevitableresult, and the South knows it. The maddestof the fire-eaters have never yet dreamed of separatingfrom us—never! It is all delusion and follyto think that there is anything in their threats ofleaving us, if we refuse to do their dirty work . Notbecause they do not hate us—they do; not becausemay would not like to separate, if they could andlive, but they cannot; not because they would notlike to roll an Atlantic ocean, and the Pacific ad dedthereto, between us, but because it is not in theirpower; for God has put them into our hand, and byoar doing righteousness, and standing by freedom,we can, without shedding a drop of blood, in a singlehoar emancipate every slave on the Southern soil.(Applause.) Bat while this blood-stained Unioncontinues, and the people of the North are ready tobow down in idolatry to it, there is no hope, nonewhatever, of a peaceful abolition of slavery. Thetime will soon come when God will say, Because yehave not proclaimed liberty every man to his neighbor,behold, I proclaim liberty for you to the a sword,saith the Lord'; and we shall have many JohnBrowne raised up to bring slavery to a bloody termination.But I want no bloodshed, if it be possibleto avoid it; and it is possible to end this strugglewithout the shedding of blood. Let the people ofthe North wash their own hands of blood-guiltiness,and there will be no more bloodshed; no more slaveryin the land. Oh, the multitudinous blessingsto grow out of the abolition of slavery to the South,with her beautiful climate, and fertile soil, andboundless resources! Under the plastic power ofFreedom, she will become the garden of God, andlead the world in all that is great and glorious. Iwant to see bar domains so crowded with blamings,by doing righteousness, that there shall not be roomto contain them; and this shall surely come to passby hearkening to the command, 'Undo the heavyburdens, break every yoke, and let the oppressed gofree!' (Applause.) MY FRIENDS—We do not come here merely tosing Gloria in Excelsis; to look into each other'sfaces, and predict good things-for the future. Thereis something else which we have to do, and one mostimportant matter is to consider that our work is notyet done. It is very pleasant thus to look back uponthe peat, and upon the great work which lay beforeus at the commencement of our enterprise, much ofwhich we look upon, now, as already accomplished;and so congratulate ourselves upon that past. It isright thus to rejoice, if thus we gather strength forthe future; bat little use, otherwise, would muchrejoicing be. The importance of this considerationwas especially impressed upon my mind this morning,as I listened to the gentleman who occupied this platforma short time ago, and who, after rendering fulljustice in his testimony to the influence of this Anti-SlaverySociety, and paying high compliments tothose who have labored in connection with It, informedus, as we have often been informed before,that we do not propose any practical remedy for slavery.Now, if we have not proposed a practicalremedy, who in this nation has proposed one? Whatis the practical remedy for error but the continued,uncompromising utterance of the truth? What isthe remedy for any sin but its opposite, righteiousness?Our remedy has always been the same, the preachingof truth, applied to this particular sin of slavery,in all its forms and phases; rebuking it in season andout of season, according to the ability which Godhas given us, and opposing it in word and deed andin daily life. what other remedy can we bringagainst sin but exhorting to righteousness?—whatother remedy for falsehood but the truth? And, sir,if it had needed my answer to this charge, I think Icould have found it in the gentleman's remarks. Hespeaks of the Republican party, and, in connectionwith it, of the power of ideas, evidently feeling, asdeeply as you or I do, the great power of an idea.He knows, as well as you or I do, that it outs deeperthan a sword, goes further than a bullet, and thatthere is nothing like it in all God's universe; and hesays, m the highest praise that he can possibly giveto the Republican party, that it has got for one plankin its platform, a greet idea. They have caught aglimpse, I think he said, of some great truth, andhave made it a plank in their platform, and on thathe firmly planted his foot in defence of that party.Why, sir, our whole platform is made of it; and thatone plank he acknowledges they borrowed from us.Welcome to it. right heartily, are they; I only wishthey had the whole of it. But if their one for slaverymakes their platform a practical remedy for slavery,how much more is our remedy a practical one, andour movement important! (Applause.) I wish, sir,that that gentleman, and all other defenders of theRepublican party, who, looking upon the AmericanAnti-Slavery Society, honor its aims and intentions,but somehow think it is not practical, would look atsome of the other planks in their own platform. Howdo they propose to abolish slavery? We repudiatethe fugitive slave statute, which we would not like tosally our lips by calling law. Does the Republicanparty repudiate it? Do any of the leaden proposethat, if the Republican party comes into power, thatinfamous statute shall not be enforced? We proposeto lift up the black man, free and enslaved, in thiscountry, to a level with the white man, by teachingthe doctrine of the equal brotherhood of man and theequal political rights of all man; by repudiating thatterrible prejudice against color which has trampledso many of our fellow-countrymen into the dust, deprivingthem of all means of moral, intellectual andspiritual elevation. How do they propose to remedyit? Y RIENDS Gloria in Excelsis practical remedy for slavery. they A VOICE. By voting. OICE. Miss GREW. Voting for whom, sir? For the man(the best of them all) who repudiates, in the name ofthe Republican party, any desire to make the negroequal with the white man? (Applause.) Vote forhim, the best man you can put into office, and whatwill he do when he is there? Will he repudiate theFugitive Slave statute? Will he lift his finger to givethe black man any of his political rights? I supposethat one plank of which we here heard is the non-extensionof slavery, which the Republican partyboasts of—of which it has a right to boast; we areglad to grant to it all that it may honestly claim.But how is it going to remedy all these other evils?How is it going to abolish American slavery? Thegreat thing, after all, that we are banded to destroy,is slavery. It is not the millions who may hereafterbe enslaved in the Territories for whom we are workingespecially to-day; it is for the millions who arenow wearing bonds in our Southland. Is the Republicanparty going to set them free? If it is, its leadersare continually misrepresenting and belying it.Is it not continually asserting that it is 'the whiteman's party?—that it will not disturb the institutionof slavery where it exists, only it will work mightilyto prevent the chains of slavery from being put uponany other victims? That is very goad, no far as Itgoes; but in that a remedy, a practical remedy, superiorto ours, for this great evil that curses our land? REW. People say, sometimes Abolitionists say, as theylook about and see how the Republican presses, andeven others, have changed their tone, and utter asmuch anti-slavery truth, some of which they neverthink of applying, and never mean to apply where itbelongs, bat which it is cheering for us to hear, 'TheAnti-Slavery Society may as well disband—its workis being done by others. The Churches are wakingup, and the parties, even the Democratic party, aretalking anti-slavery.' This is the temptation whichassails every party of reform, always has and alwayswill; the temptation to stop work too seen; to fancythat more has been done than really has been. Nomatter to what point the Republican party has attained,no matter what heights of moral elevation theTribune and the Post, and other presses, may havereached, the moment the Anti -Slavery Society relaxesits efforts, folds its hands, and leaves its work tobe done by others, that moment the standard of sucha party and such presses comes down, just as certainlyas the mercury falls when the weather become ascolder. If we do not hold up our standard higherthan they are, they will not stay where they are.How came they where they are? Who made theRepublican party? Why, the gentleman who appearedhere to shake hands fraternally with us, today,said we made it. If we have done all this work,it seems to me that we have a practical remedy forsomething; at any rate, that we have some practicalpower for something; and we shall need it all just asmuch in the future as in the past. I always feelgrieved when I hear an Abolitionist say, 'We don'tneed that measure as much as we did, because otherpeople are working with us.' So they are, and sothey will, as long as we work, but not one momentlonger. Do not the political parties and the churcheslaugh to-day at the principle of adherence to absoluteright; call it impracticable, and fanatical, andall that? It is our fondness to be each 'fanatics,'and adhere to that principle, which parries andchurches will follow only afar off; for just as soon asthere are no;fanatics,' the world spiritually will dic.Therefore, let us urge you, Abolitionists, not to lookback, not to take your heads one moment from theplough to which you have put them, not to imaginefor one moment that any other agency can do yourindividual and collective work. For, if ever thisnation needed the utterance of our most uncompromisingsentiments against slavery and the SlavePower, it needs it now, and will for the next fouryears. It is our business to see that this work iswell done. Tribune Post No one can rejoice more than I to witness the accessionto our ranks of any who heartily hate slavery,whether they agree with us on all points ornot. Every one who loves the slave and hates slaverybelongs on our platform, and the longer such an onestays away from as, the more harm he does himself;and when he does come, we hail him with joy. Thosewho have come to enroll themselves with us thisyear, because they love this cause, and are willing tohelp us in our work, we greet fraternally. Somebodysays they come at the eleventh hour; Well,they are welcome at the eleventh hour; welcome toreap where we have sown; welcome to join in thepublic shout, which may be heard in the land veryseen.I need not say to the members of the AmericanAnti-Slavery Society that we shall not work in vain;that it is of little importance by what means wework, (so that they be righteous ones,) if we agree inthe great principles on which our Society is founded;no one here needs the assurance that the oppositionmade to our cause, whether by churches or parties,will avail nothing. It is only a question of longer orshorter time; and as we look back upon the eventsof only one year, we sea enough to cheer the saddestheart, to rouse up the most lagging faith, and to kindlehope for the future. As we look over it, we exclaim,with wonder as well as gratitude, 'What hathGod wrought!' and if we ever doubted before, wecannot doubt now. 'Blessed are they who, not havingseen, have believed'; but they who cannot exercisesuch faith as that, can believe now in the successof their enterprise, for they almost see it. Theyhardly need much faith to believe, with the Churchbowing down before it, the Democratic party breakingto pieces at its touch, that even 'the gates of hellshall not prevail against it.' (Loud applause.) may  I was asked last year, when it was my privilege toaddress this Society, how I could occupy this platform,and yet, as I stated in the course of my remarks,vote with the Republican party? that question hasbeen lying over against me one year; I propose brieflyto answer it, to some extent, at this time. It involves,you perceive, two propositions. First, Why am Ihere to-day? Goethe says somewhere, 'The ever-womanlydraweth us on'; and so the last speaker, inher remarks, foreshadowed some of the reasons, atleast, that leads me to occupy this platform to-day,and to esteem it one of the highest privileges of mylife. If, fellow-citizens, you have not felt the manacleswhich clank upon the limbs of the Southern slaveupon your limbs also, I have felt them now for severalyears. If you have not felt that the free spirit of theNorth was chained and crushed beneath the iron heelof Southern despotism, I have felt it, and writhedunder it these many years. When I have seen ourrepresentatives in Congress, instead of standing up forthe rights of the North and demanding that we, a freepeople, should be freely heard in expression of ouropinions, courtesying to this miserable sorceress ofslavery, speaking with bated breath, and only halftheir voice, the word of liberty, and Edward Everettcreeping on his hands and knees into the Senate chamber,and presenting the petition of three thousand citizensof this country, as if he were kneeling at thefeet of some sorceress, and feared she would not listento him—resigning his place soon after (for I supposethe man had some sense of shame still left,) becausehe could not bear the feeling of remorse and ignominythat pressed upon him—when I have seen our representativesin the other hall ready also to do the biddingof the South, I, for one, must confess that I havefelt the chain of which our friend has spoken, and feltas one with the slave, being bound with him. Andit is a matter for congratulation to stand here—here,where at least we may have the satisfaction of sayingthat we are free in a practical protest against slavery.(Applause.) I am here, then, because I am a freemanof America, and this seems to be the place whereI can best assert my freedom from this Slave Powerthat is tyrannizing over the country. In every movement, and especially in this anti-slaverymovement, three things are necessary beforeit can have any practical success in the country. Wemust have a union of three things: the Northernheart must be educated aright; the Northern sentimentand Northern feeling must be strong, and burning,and zealous; the Northern head must be educatedaright; we must have right conceptions and rightideas of our duty in this matter—of our duty to theSouth and our duty to ourselves—and then we musthave strong and willing Northern hands to executeand carry out those conceptions which true sentimentsdictate and true ideas suggest. I stand here to-daybecause this is the manufactory of Northern sentimentupon the slavery question. I do not know, sir, exactlyhow many years you have presided over this manufactory,but among those recollections which shall beprecious to every reader to American history will bethe recollection of the time when you, in some obscuregarret, only aided by a boy, commenced this movement,which has been manufacturing Northern sentimentever since. (Loud applause.) It must be gratifyingto you, and you must allow us o say so, evento your face, to see how this sentiment has gone ongrowing year by year, until, sir, I have now to chargeyou, before this jury of the American people, withhaving broken up the Charleston Convention!(Laughter and applause.) I charge you with havingbroken up the great and united Democratic party ofthis county. (Renewed applause.) I charge you,and the friends who have worked with you, with beingresponsible for all this 'irrepressible conflict,' theturmoil of which has filled the common sir for thepast ten years; I charge upon you the heroism ofmen and women exhibited in the campaign in Kansas;I charge you with the heroism which sent JohnBrown to that fatal day of Harper's Ferry; I chargeyou with all these enormities which have been heapedup against the anti-slavery party; and I am glad tosee that you bear the charge with so smiling a countenanceand a heart, as I believe, full of faith in truthand faith in God. (Cheers.) I am rather glad to behere to make these charges, and see how a jury of mycountrymen will pass upon them. It is a great thing,you know, to have these scapegoats in a country. Inold times, when a nation was guilty of some greatsin, they selected a goat, and, in some mysteriousmanner, heaping all the sins of the community uponhis back, sent him off howling into the wilderness.These brave speakers of ours have been the scapegoatsof this nation for twenty years. The Churchesplace all their sins upon their backs. Whenever aSoutherner finds fault with Northern sentiment, he ispointed to these scapegoats, and told, 'It is all owingto these Northern Abolitionists'; and we try to drivethem off howling into the wilderness, but somehow orother they don't go. They stay with us, and makeour hearts burn and our nerves thrill with their eloquenceupon this great subject, until many of us, underthe shadow of their great protection, are able tostand firm upon this platform who, ten years ago,would not have dared to show our heads even in therear seats of this house. I saw a picture in one ofthe pictorials recently which represented a huge balloon,the top of which was composed of the head andface of Douglas, and the car, which it was lifting withits gas (and he always has plenty of that, you know,)contained his confreres—those who hang by the skirts.It lacked but one thing to make it historically true;and if we had a paper in this country like the EnglishPunch, that picture would have been perfectly carriedout. I needed the figure of Garrison, in the shapeof a demon, (to carry out their conception,) prickingthis balloon and letting out the gas of popular sovereignty,and letting our friend Stephen down to theproper level of his own ignominy. (Laughter and loud applause.) confreres skirts. Punch I say, then, I am glad for many reasons to be here.And now a few words as to the other side of the question.We must have, in every great reform, prophetsand sears; we must have men to stand upon theMount of Vision, and predict the good time coming tothe people. But, somehow or other, it happens thata prophet is rarely the best man for practical methods.It was the case with the greatest prophet that everlived, Jesus of Nazareth. His great soul, filled withthe sublime idea inspired in him by God, could notdescend to those forms and institutions which werenecessary practically to carry out his ideas; and myidea is, that Jesus of Nazareth never gave to his disciplesany such thing as a church form, or made anyattempt at a theological creed. I consider that hiswas too great a soul for any such thing as that; buthe stood upon the Mount of Vision, and allowed himselfto be receptacle of the divine inspirationwhich he poured out upon the people—grand, universaltruths, far-reaching as are the needs of humanity,and universal and all-embracing as are its tastes andcapacities. Such men, I repeat, as seers and prophets,are not the best men to form institutions; and, withall my veneration for my friend Mr. Garrison andthose who have labored with him, I, for one (this beinga free platform,) am free to confess my differenceof opinion in some respects. It seems to me that theyare excellent physicians, in one point of view; theygive as an exact diagnosis of the dispense; they showus the symptoms in the body politic, how the veinsare filled with corruption, and how eruptions arebreaking out upon the surface; but it seems to methat they do not give us a practical method of curingthis disease, such as the exigencies of the time demand.One of the methods, perhaps the chief method,which is afford is the dissolution of the Union. Now,to that method, I am free to say, I wholly dissents, Iam not going to give you a long speech, but in a fewwords let me state my idea upon this point. It seemsto be that our fathers who fought the battles of theRevolution, while they left us this amount of good farourselves and our children, left us also this terribleevil of slavery, which it is our duty to root out andexterminate. It seems to me that whole we acceptthe good which they have left us, it is our duty, asstrong men and understanding the age in which welive, to meet this evil boldly and squarely, and look itfairly in the face, on every field or forum where itmay be presented,. It does not see, to me exactlybold and courageous to cut off the slave from us, anderect a wall between the North and the South, ignoringthe slave. and casting him off. On the contrary,it seems to me that it is may duty, as an Americancitizen, should any crisis demand the use of my rightarm, upon any field, should any crisis demand myvoice in any assembly where that voice is needed, ordemand my vote in that quiet way in which our systemof ballot utters the voice of the people—it is myduty, I say, to look this evil, under any such circumstance,fairly in the face, and insist upon it that theSouth shall deal fairly but the North and by the slave.(Loud applause.) My friends, it seems to me that our fathers left usan undivided farm. Around this farm there is oneimmense stone wall, but no walls dividing it up intoseparate farms. I don't propose to let the South takeall the meadow land away from us. I think it is myduty to keep this farm undivided to the end. Weneed all these varieties of soil and climate. I claimit for liberty, and don't propose to yield one inch toslavery. I claim it for those principles which ourforefathers fought to maintain and left to us as a preciousand sacred heritage, and it seems to me like surrenderinga part of their gift to allow a single acre tobe devoted to slavery, and thus turned aside from thegreat uses for which they intended it. Now, I do not pretend that ht Republican party isat all perfect, or doing so much as I could wish inthat direction. I do not pretend to be very anxiousto elect a Republican President. I am very sure thatwe could not have a Republican President who coulddo more for anti-slavery than James Buchanan hasdone for three years past. The thing is absolutelyimpossible. I feel grave doubts whether the countryis able to bear a Republican President. I am afraidthat there would be such an effort to stand perfectlystraight, as between the North and the South, thatthere would be a falling backwards into the arms ofthe South. I much prefer to a Republican Presidentof that stamp, an open and avowed slave of slavery,like the present President. 'When the gods woulddestroy, they first make mad.' And I should muchprefer one crazy and mad in his devotion to personalambition, and his yielding to the Slave Power. Yousee what work he has made of it. The anti-slaveryprinciple has grown stronger year by year, and everyeffort that he has made to aid the South has resultedin a manner contrary to their desire and to theirwished. I say, therefore, that I do not think the Republicanparty is able to bear the election of theircandidate for the Presidency yet; and though I shallvote for the Republican candidate, I shall have a greatdeal of philosophy, no matter how the returns come in. I am a practical man; I want to do something. Iadmit that the gentlemen who occupy this platformare the fountain and spring of anti-slavery effort;but I, for one, would like to be one of the little pipesthat help to bring those waters so that thy shall fertilizethe land, and practically aid the growth of thecountry. I want to do something, and I think I cando something, in a small way, by continuing my connectionwith the Republican party. Then, there is another idea I have about the Republicanparty. You see how it has been with theSlave Power. Year after year it has increased its demands.Propositions made at one Democratic Conventionhave been excelled in atrocity by propositionsmade at another, until at last a demand was made atthe Charleston Convention, which even Northern Democraticdoughfaces could not endure. Thus theyhave endeavored to carry out the false idea, whichthey have taken to their property in man. Now, myfriends, it is just the same with a true idea. Takeninto the hearts of the people, what is to be the resultof it? You have heard of the fiery cross of Scotland,going form clan to clan, and calling the differentclans to the tents of their chief. It is the same waywith the true idea. When a grand and true ideatakes possession of a nation, that nation must followits bidding, try they never so hardly to resist it. TheRepublican party is inoculated with the discuses, assome call it, of anti-slavery. The Republican partyhas, to some extent, taken to its bosom this true idea,that here can be no such thing as property in men;and all history makes it manifest—I could point youto illustrations filling the whole page of history—thatthere is but one course which the Republican partycan take. Its newspapers may seek to smooth overmatters, its leaders may seek to temporize, they mayset up a great brazen idol at Chicago, and call uponthe people to fall down and worship it, but this ideais in the hearts of the people, and the Republicanparty must do its bidding. I will predict here the course of the Republicanparty. I say it will be compelled to follow the ideaof the people. I predict that as the Democratic partyhas been compelled to put plank after plank into itsplatform each excelling the other in ignominy, so theRepublican party, which has taken, not a falls, but atrue idea, will be compelled to put plank after plankinto its platform each better and more fully representingthe anti-slavery idea. The repeal of theFugitive Slave law will certainly be, in my opinion,a plank in the platform of the Republican party.The utter abolition of slavery int eh District ofColumbia will be another, Oh, that is one of thehardest things for an American to bear— to go whereour country's representatives most, and where therepresentatives of foreign powers go to have intercoursewith our government, and see the flak of Slaveryfloating from the capital; to go into society atWashington, and find it all tainted with this corruption;so that to utter a single sentiment is to exileone's self form all social hostility. I say, then,that another plank will be put into the Republicanplatform—the abolition of slavery in the District ofColumbia, or else the removal of the national capitalto freer and purer soil.(Loud applause.) I think, also, that we have got to go a step father.Inexorably logical is the progress of a true idea. Itmust follow, of necessity, in the path marked out byGod. Men may temporize, men may talk about expediency,but a true idea is inexorably logical in itscourse, and, when once started, 'will have free course,run and be glorified' I want to read to you two resolutionspassed by the seceding portion of the DemocraticConvention at Charleston, when the split tookplace which was caused by our friends hare:— Resolved, That the platform adopted by the Democraticparty at Cincinnati be affirmed, with the followingexplanatory resolutions:— First, That the government of a Territory organized by an act of Congress is provisional and temporary,and during its existence all citizens of the UnitedStates have an equal right to settle with their propertyin the Territory, without their rights, either ofperson or property, being destroyed or injured byCongressional or Territorial legislation. Second, That it is the duty of the Federal Government,in all its departments, to protect the rights ofpersons and property in the Territories, and whereverelse its constitutional authority extends. Well, that reads very innocently, does it not? Butthose are the very resolutions which the other portionof the Democratic party could not accept. Yet,it is all very innocent, is it not? Do we not all feelthat the citizens of a State have a right to be protectedin their personal property in the national territories?And what can the Republican party say tothis—what answer can they make to this resolution?The only logical answer that is left to them— and thatanswer they will be compelled to make, as this issuereaches its culmination—is that there can be no suchthing as property in man. (Loud applause.) Why,all may agree to these resolutions. They are goodAmerican resolutions; I could sign them myself, but Ishould wish it to be distinctly understood that I didnot mean to endorse the ides, by the use of that littleword 'property,' that there can be such a thing asproperty in man. The Republican leaders may attemptto smooth over this thing; the Tribune maytalk Douglas one day, and Bates the next; they maytake a barren word, and try to make the Americanpeople prostrate themselves before, the progress of one ofGod's ideas is inexorably logical, and they cannothelp this 'irrepressible conflict' that has been declared;they must take this ground, that man cannotrightfully hold property in man, or else they have noground to stand upon. They will be in the conditionof the Convention that meets to-day in Baltimore,which proposes to resolve, I suppose, that alldiscussion of the question of slavery is wrong, andmust be immediately abolished; a Convention whichdoes not intend to have any platform—and why?Because they have got nothing to stand on, (laughter,)and hence they have no planks with which tobuild a platform. A Convention composed of superannuatedfossila, in which one may refresh his memoryof the politics of the middle ages, but in whichnothing is to be found of the sparkle and life of theAmerican of to-day. They remind me of an anecdoteof one of the Presidents of Harvard College, inthe early days, when the students were not so numerousas they are now, and the President knew thefamilies and the genealogy of all the boys in the college.One of the boys came to him one day with arueful face, and asked to be allowed to go home.'Why,' said he, 'what for?' 'I want to go home tobury my grandmother.' 'O,' said the President,'your maternal or paternal grandmother?' 'It ismy grandmother on my mother's side.' 'Ah, yes,'said the President: 'Mrs. Smith. Well, you may gohome; it's time she was buried; she died four yearsago!' (Great merriment.) I feel the same wayabout our friends, the fossils. They are going to burythe Whig party, and it is high time, for it died morethan four years ago; (laughter;) and I am afraid theConstitutional party will be what they call a 'disappointment,'and be rather still-born. Tribune I think, then, that we have everything to encourageus at this time. I believe that the necessity ofthe case will drive the Republican party to standabout where you stand now. I believe that the lawsof emigration and population are with us. Everycensus-taker who carries the returns to Washingtonfrom our growing and elastic Northern States is ananti-slavery worker in disguise, even though he havea commission from James Buchanan in his pocket. Ihave sometimes felt almost afraid that the Southwould into free and prevent the taking of the censusthis year, so damaging will be its results to them, becauseit will show that the North, glowing with freelabor, is elastic and growing, while the South is totteringto decay. The North attracts population fromforeign countries, the South seeks only to attract populationfrom Africa, and it is to be hoped that the dayis near at hand when that means of emigration willbe put a stop to. I know the discouragement of those who put expediencyout of sight, but it is a great thing to standfor truth and an idea; and though some of the humbleworkers of this cause may go to their graveswithout knowing that they have done anything tohelp it, yet there will be a joy and peace given tothem which shall make their lives happy, and maketheir passage into the other world more peaceful andserene. For one, I would willingly wander the fortyyears in the desert, if from some Pisgah I might lookinto the promised land, and feel that the time wascoming when my children should enjoy an Americaabsolutely free; when no more the groans of the slavesshould reach their ears; when no more our fellowcreatures should be compelled to box themselves upas living freight, and be transported on our railroadstowards the North star; when no more should Northerncitizens fear to go to the South, lost they shouldbe imprison ed and subjected to indignity—a time inwhich this Democratic idea of which we think somuch shall be really carried out, and America bebe given up to Religion, to Liberty, and to Law.(Loud applause.) [☞ This speech preceded those of Miss Grew andMr. Garrison, to which they were in reply.] More than a quarter of a century since, the Societyupon whose platform I now stand was organized forthe specific and sole purpose of waging a war of exterminationsagainst chattel slavery. The docrine it proclaimedin 1833,it enforces in 1860. They are thesame, because human rights are the same, human dutiesare the same. Its founders were not superficial thinkers. Theylooked into the philosophy of life, into the nature ofman, and the purposes of his Creator. The cause theyknew not, they searched out. Having ascertained thecharacter of slavery, the path of duty was plain.The unchangeable principles upon which their enterpriseswas based attest alike the wisdom of the founders,and the ultimate triumph of their cause. Likethe Great Teacher who condensed his whole systemof ethics into two commandments, so they reducedthis subject to the simplest propositions. First, theslave has a right to freedom; second, it is the duty ofthe master to emancipates him, immediately; third, itis our right and our duty to oppose every institution,every organization, every measures of policy, everyexpression of opinion that tends to delay the period ofthe slave's deliverance. We stand here, then, to-day,making direct issue with the Slave Power. We knowits strength. We know that the wealth, politics, literatureand religion of the country are the four corner-stoneson which it rests. And yet we are hereto reiterate these simple truths. The truth is mighty,and it will prevail. immediately We are told that the slaves are well fed and wellclothed. That is nothing to our argument. Butthey are happy! So much the worse for the master.If he has obliterated the line between the man andthe brute, I should rather not stand in his place whenhe goes to judgment. Slavery cannot be covered upwith broadcloth and a bandanna. It cannot be maderespectable, not even with the cast-off clothingof the master. Gilt buttons and gold chains do nothelp it. These things sub serve two purposes only;they gratify the vanity of the master, and befoolNorthern divines who go down there for South-sideviews. It is chattalism that we war with. It is bringinginto subservience one man to the will of another,making him for another's benefit. using him foranother's pleasure, and convenience, and interest,against which we enter our protest. The question isnot the color of his cont, or the kind, but the colorof the statute under which he is enslaved. Thequestion is not what he eats, or how much moneyshall be spent upon him, but it is this, Shall he berecognized as a man? We make no issues with theabuses of power, with the incidents of the system,or any of its natural results. We have no contestswith whips, and gaga, and chains, and thumbscrews,but with that organized and legalized power thattears away the crown of manhood, and brands thehuman being as a brute. Hence, all the representationsof Northern apologist, of Union-saving partisans,that the slaves are fat and sleek, contented andhappy, fall to the ground. They have no bearingupon the question. Mr. President, the Americans are full of sympathyfor the oppressed of other lands. I am glad that itis so. When Greece shook off the dust of her degradation,and went forth to battle with the Moslemhost, the sympathy of our people was there, their aidwas there. When Poland struck for freedom, and,single-handed and alone, stood up against the legionsof the North, the prayer of this nation went up asfrom one man, 'God save the land of Kosciusko!'Aye, the offerings of the friends of Italy is yet freshupon the altar. When Garibaldi needed arms, armswere sent him, and a thousand generous wishes besides. But, ladies and gentlemen, among those whom weseek to deliver, there are no cultivated intellects, nomen of position and influence, no manly Pole or nobleGreek, no Maxxini, no Kossuth, but only ignorant,degraded American slaves. We think this factplace us under far greater obligation to labor in theirbehalf. We are responsible, in a great measure, fortheir oppression. We have made them what theyare, and it is the part of common justice to try to repairthe injury we have done. The benevolence ofthe ago, the Christ of the present, teaches us that becausethe slaves are poor, and ignorant, and degraded,and coarse, and repulsive, we should humble ourselvesin the dust, and beg them to forgive the unmeasuredwrongs we have heaped upon their race. The question arises, Why do the people of thiscountry sustain slavery? They do not think it right.They do not think it God-ordained. It would implytoo much spiritual degradation to suppose thatthey believe any such thing. Chas. O'Conor maybelieve it, and Benjamin Brewster, and a few others—just enough to prove that total depravity is asound point in our Orthodox creed. But why do thousand and tens of thousands thusdirect their influence, when they know that the systemis a curse to the master, a grievous wrong to theslave, as Jefferson said? It is difficult to tell; thoughwe see in one case that the success of party seemsto require it. It is needed to get office, or to retainit. The peace and prosperity of Zion are supposedto demand the sacrifice. The cloud that hangs overSouthern trade must be swept away, or show a sliverlining. Social position requires such concession, perhaps—a compromise of principle whose lubricationswill prevent the jar of discord, and thus preserve theharmony of each particular sphere. There is a large class who are neglectful, thoughtless—don't care anything about the slaves—wish theywere all in Guinea, or in Central America, perhaps—for they are tired of this negro question. These aregenerally people of good impulses, but have no judgmentnor reflection. They desire what is right in themain, though the desire is not sufficiently strong toput forth an effort for its accomplishment. Theywould like to have the kingdom of heaven come tothem, but they cannot take the trouble to go to it.Like that low order of animals that are attached to arock in the water, they receive simply what the currentbrings within their grasp. They hope that theirchurch don't sustain slavery, but that matter is leftto the pastor. It is true, they sometimes quote,'Thus saith the Lord,' but it matters little to themwhether it is the Lord of Sinai, or the celebrated Dr.Lord of Dartmouth College. The latter is just aboutas good authority as the former with them. Quite unlike these is another class, who are makingthe ago bright with incessant activity. The artsand the sciences, manufactures and commerce, literature,law and divinity, attest their mental vigor, andthe scope of their powers. But talk about the unityof the race! the doctrine is as fabulous, in their eyes,as the mythology of the ancients. Talk about thatclaim of human brotherhood that circles this worldof ours, binding all to each, and each to all linkingthe interest of the most degraded with that of themost exalted, and they regard you as one demented. It is thus, through culpable indifference, throughan avowed approval from fancied self-interest, a servileacquiescence, and a want of understanding of humanbrotherhood, that slavery curses our nation atthe present time, and the despots of the Old Worldrejoice at the practical failure of Democracy in theNew. I felt like saying this much in relation to the fundamentalprinciples upon which our movement isbased, and the apathy and interested motives that retardits advancement. On the present occasion, I didnot propose to make any appeal on behalf of theslaves in the Southern portion of this confederacy.The few words I have to utter in continuation will beaddressed to the slaves of the North. I will not ask you, ladies and gentlemen, to adoptour platform. You may not have faith in it. Youmay not be prepared for the sacrifices it involves. Andyet, I believe, our cardinal doctrines are never proclaimedbut they reach that portion of the humanheart which God keeps sacred to himself. If theybe not heeded, the consequences are inevitable. I will not ask you to come up to that lower plane,and make issue with the incidents of the system. Iwill not ask you to enter, in any way, into the wrongsof four millions of American bondmen. They havebeen robbed, but I will ask you to bring to judgmentthe robber. They have been beaten, and bruised, andtrampled in the dust; they have been herded togetherlike swine, marriage taken away, domestic tiesscoffed at, learning forbidden; all the injustice and oppressionthat can be inflicted upon a subjected peoplehas been inflicted upon them, but I will not ask youto take vengeance upon the perpetrators of thesecrimes. I will not ask you to rescue from the suction-blockyoung and beautiful women, who are to bedragged away where the dark cloud of evil passionsspends itself in fearful ruin. I will not ask you tocomfort the slave mother whose heart is freightedwith agony at the sale and the eternal loss of herchild. I will not ask you to stay the hand of anyMargaret Garner that is raised to take the life of herloved ones to save them from a late worse than death.I will not ask you to listen to the wail of despair fromthe rice swamps. I will not ask you even to see theprostrate victims who, with outstretched arms, haveso long implored your help. No! no! I will notask you to be humane. I will not even inquire whetheryou have any humanity. You may shut youreyes, and stop your cars, and harden your hearts, andtotally ignore the slave and all his wrongs, if youplease. Keep him wholly out of sight and out ofmind till the day of retribution shall come. He canbear the yoke. His father and his father's fatherbore it before him. He can drink of the cup theydrank, and receive such baptism of suffering as overwhelmedthem. Let him alone, forget him, if youwish! But, in the name of all the patriarchs and heroesthat have gone before you, in the name of Libertywhom you profess to adore, let me warn you not tobe beguiled into forgetfulness of your own rights!Let no deceitful dream, in relation to freedom whichwas bequeathed by your fathers, blind you to the factthat you are a conquered people, and that there isfar more cause for resistance to tyrants now, in yourown case, than there was in the days of the fathers.Don't close your eyes to the manacles on your limbs.Don't shut out the fact that slavery firmly controlsthe press, the pulpit, the judicial bench, as with theiron hand of fate, and, in its reign of terror, sacrificesto public resentment and to private malice theproperty, life, liberty, all the dearest interests ofthose who claim to be free. Let me remind you of all the martyrs to the causeof freedom from Elijah P. Lovejoy down to the lastvictim which Virginia sacrificed in her bloody drama.Let me recall to your memory all the friends of humanitywho have suffered captivity for practical righteousness,from the time that Charles T. Torrey diedin a Maryland prison even to the recent day when theRev. Daniel Worth (who seems to be worth a score ofcommon Reverend) escaped from a Carolina jail.Let me speak of the utter humiliation of our peoplein suffering a series of floggings which have beentransferred from the backs of slaves to the backs oftheir friends, and which hare increased in frequencyas the power of slavery increased, until they havenow become so numerous that one can hardly namethem. Call to mind the expulsions of Northern men,since Carolina sent home the official agent of Massachusetts,and which, within the last six months, havecome thick and fast, until Kentucky capped the climaxof despotism by driving from Berea her own native-borncitizens. Think of our boast of a free press,and of laws for the protection of property, and thenremember how printing-offices have been assailed,from the time the first printing press was buried inthe Ohio river down to the lawless violence in Kansasand Kentucky, and the peril of Cassius M. Clayand his friends in the latter State. worth But I will not detail these outrages. Read the'New Reign of Terror,' and ponder upon the ignominioustreatment our people endure—treatment towhich none but a race of slaves would ever submit.Shall I be told that these are simply the acts of individuals,and of individual States, which are drunkwith the blood of the bondman, and are clinging witha death-like grasp to the institution? It must beexpected that they will commit deeds of madness.Turn, then, to the action of the Federal Government.Those who have read its history need not be told thatslavery is its vital and animating principle. Whetherthe administration has been Federal, Democratic orWhig; whether it has been the friend or the foe ofembargo or non-intercourse acts; whether it has advocatedor opposed a national bank; whether it hasfavored or discouraged a protective tariff, or a tarifffor revenue; it has ever been true to this system ofoppression, and made everything else subsidiary to it.Since the practice of compromise was introduced bythe ordinance of '87, our history has been a series ofalmost uninterrupted concessions on the part of freedom,and of triumphs on the part of slavery. they The adoption of the Constitution was followed bythe Fugitive Slave law of 92, and that has givenplace to the more odious one of 1860. The purchaseof Louisiana led to the more recent purchase ofFlorida, and the ambitions designs upon Cuba andother territory farther south. The establishment ofslavery in the District of Columbia led to the openingof the domestic slave trade there. The power of ourgovernment at home has been used to sustain thisinstitution, while the strength of its foreign diplomacyhas been directed to its prosperity and its perpetuity.Learned judges have construed law in favor of humanbondage, and recognized in the oppressor rights whichare denied to the advocates of freedom. But it isneedless to specify. It is sufficient to say, the germof compromise planted in our organic law has broughtforth bitter and accursed fruit. I trust that the scenewhich the present unfolds to our view is the culminationof that wicked and mistaken policy which endeavoredto unite and protect in the same governmentthe two opposing principles of human freedomand of chattel slavery. There can be no mistake in this matter. The abusesof governmental patronage, the organized violationsof natural rights, no one will question; or that everyeffort which the North has made to place freedom inthe ascendant has only shown that she is hopelesslybound to the support of despotism. In view of thesefacts, I unhesitatingly declare that while forbearancehas ceased to be a virtue, passive endurance has becomethe shelter of the coward. But we might let many of three things pass as apage of history that it is hardly worth while to exhume,as we live fast, in this fast age, and forgetvery soon; but there are the present aggressions ofthe Federal Government trampling under foot therights of every man who is hostile to slavery. Kansasand her outrages may be forgotten by us, the trace ofruffianism may wholly fade from her beautiful plains,yet we know there are human hearts that have notforgotten, and that never will forget, and, I suppose,it might be wisdom in us to remember that, underlike circumstances, we should suffer like indignities.Bury in oblivion, if you wish and if yon can, thatbase attack upon Senator Sumner, and the shamefulneglect with which the Senate treated it, but don'task him to forget those days of suffering, and thatweary pilgrimage in a foreign land; and I think self-interestmight cause you to remember that whenevera like opportunity offers, you may suffer in a similarway. Forget, if you will, that the United Statesmarines were despatched for the support of Slavery,in the hour of her extremity at Harper's Ferry; forget,too, that they guarded the Virginia gallows fromwhich John Brown passed to a glorious immortality,but don't ask the stricken ones at North Elba to forgetthese things; and it would be well to remember,for our own sake, that our conscientious convictionswill avail us naught in a contest with this powerthat oppresses us. Class, if you will, Judge Taney's Dred Scott decisionwith the things of the pest, which are bound byno visible link to the present, there is still no lack ofmatter to show that neither under State nor Federalgovernment has any lover of freedom any adequateprotection for his rights. Go down to the city of Washington, enter its jail,and ask Thaddeus Hyatt how this matter stands.Congress, through Senator Mason's InvestigatingCommittee, attempted to compel him to answer suchquestions as they chose to propound. He deniedtheir right, and fully demonstrated their want ofpower. And this contumacious witness thereby becameguilty of contempt. With a wonderful economy,the officers of judge, jury, accuser and executionerwere combined in one, and, without any chance ofappeal, except to the high court of public opinion.Thaddeus Hyatt moat stay in jail till the Senate shallconclude he has suffered enough, or until he haspurged himself of contempt; and I do not see bowany sensible man can ever purge himself of contemptfor the present American Congress! Thus does theUnited States Senate act within the Capital where ithas the power. It sends its-agents abroad—sends up to Concord—that holy battle-ground—for Frank B. Seaborn. Hedid not choose to obey their bidding. He was free,and meant to remain so. They seized him; tried toran him off South on an opposition undergroundrailroad. But for the timely aid of a MassachusettsCourt, he might now be lying in jail I hope Concordwill vindicate the reputation she once acquired,and stand ready to inaugurate a new revolution forthe rights of man, no matter by what power thoserights are assailed, and, if need be, to bring outagain those time-honored arms that were successfullyused by the rebels of 1775. Why wait any longer? Why delay the settlementof this question? It must come, sooner or later.We have no reasonable ground for hope that our conditionwill be bettered. It is not with us as it waswith the Fathers. They had everything to encouragethem. Then freedom was strong, and slaverywas weak. Freedom has been nursed in the camp,and baptized on the battle-field. It was vigorous,and grew into stately proportions. Slavery was totteringwith feebleness and wasting with want.  Itwas expected soon to die, and the hour of its dissolutionappeared to be very near. Then freedom was strong, and slavery Unfortunately, it lived, it grew, it waxed strong.It has become a legislator, a ruler, and twenty millionsof professed freemen now humble themselvesbefore its power. Now freedom is weak. She trembleswith fear. She often hides away. God onlyknows where. Not in the hearts of men, surely. We have very much to discourage us. When menread the doctrine of human equality by the gleaminglight of British sabers, they read it aright.  Whenthey wrote out their protests against oppression inhuman blood, they meant something. But now menlook through the powerful lens of a mistaken self-interest, and their eyes are full of gold dust, and theycan't see; and they talk about liberty in faintestwhispers, and it don't mean anything. Did not lee, and Pinckney, and Randolph, andHenry all unite in condemning slavery?  Whatevertheir practice may have been, those bitter denunciationsshow that conscience was yet alive; that theyBut the system which was tolerated as anevil then, is now cherished as an institution involvingthe commission of no wrong. It has been legalized,sanctioned and sanctified, and neither from Southernpress, nor pulpit, nor forum, nor legislative hall isheard scarcely a word of misgiving or of condemnation.Even the Old Dominion, that once boasted ofthe statesmen she gave to the country, now exults in the number of chattels she raises for the market.The counsels of her Jefferson, her Monroe and herHenry are forgotten, and in their place come themaudlin ravings of her misnamed Wise. Every slave State is in a similar condition. Themanhood of their statesmen has sickened and diedunder the long-continued exercise of despotism.  Thepublic conscience is dead. The corrupting influencesof this system are seen everywhere. It is true, liberalprinciples have made progress among a certain classat the North, and the moral atmosphere has been tocleared up that the crack of John Brown's rifle wasechoing and re-echoing among all the valleys andhills of this Republic; yet slavery has also becomeexacting, and many from whom we expected betterthings have become the embodiment of sicklyservility. We started out as a nation with principles that willbear the test of ages far more virtuous than our won;and now, within the short space of eighty-five years,we are within the eddying circle of a maelstrom thatthreatens speedy destruction. We were regarded as a people who dared to maintain the doctrine of man'scivil, political and religious liberty; and now we areregarded as a people who make slavery an interestparamount to all other interests. We have brought sorrow and sadness to the heartof every liberal in the old world. We have disappointed,their fondest hopes. The venerable Humboldt,long before he died, despaired utterly of thesuccess of our republican experiment.  Lafayettewent to the grave with the declaration on his lipsthat if he had known what use we were going tomake of our liberty, he would never have drawn thesword in our behalf. The muzzled press of Europeregularly retails accounts of our slave-hunting andwoman whipping, and seasons then with sneers atbeautiful American liberty, and gives them as specimentsof American democracy. All this humiliation we must submit to, so long asFreedom is yoked with the foul and loathsome hagof Slavery, and compelled to drag with her the car ofState. Now, I ask, in all seriousness, have we not sufferedenough? Have we not been used long enough astools of the Slave Power? Your money has beentaken to sustain it, your reputation to make it respectable,your religion to sanctify it.' And yet you submit.Can't you be maddened into manhood. Isthere no heroism in the present time! Would anyman here dare to sign a Declaration of Independence?Would he sign it as Carroll did! He wroteout Charles Carroll of Carrollton, so that when theTories came with their halter, they might knowwhere to find him. I believe that the time has nowarrived when we must choose whether slavery shalltread out the last spark that slumbers upon Liberty'saltar, or whether American freedom shall fulfil thepromises of its birth. Are we afraid to meet the question! Shall wecoward-like, shrink from the contest, and bequest toour children the dark and loathsome curse. Shallwe throw upon them the burden of this battle forhuman rights, embarrassed as they would be by ourcowardice and our procrastination? I leave this question for each of you to settle individually. 
