 ANNUAL REPORT of the American Anti-Slavery Society,by the Executive Committee, for the yearending May 1st, 1859. New York; 1860. NNUAL EPORT This Annual Report, the publication of which hasbeen thus long delayed by unavoidable circumstances,series the particular attention of every friend of theAnti-Slavery cause. In this age, throughout the world as well as in ourown country, there is such a rapid succession of eventsof strutting interests and momentous importance, thatthe latest tends to displace its predecessors form ourmemories and minds. We all need this abstract, thiscompendium of the salient points of a year's history,not to loss the remembrance of important steps in themarch of freedom. The first enemy, INDIFFERENCE,is overcome and annihilated. Never more will thishad enjoy quiet, freedom from intense and increasingagitation, while slavery lasts. And this pamphlet of144 pages gives us a vivid and intensely interestingpicture of the manner in which all the departmentsof our national and social life have felt the pressureand yielded to the force of this question, which issteadily advancing to take its rightful precedence ofevery other question in this country—shall slaveryreign supreme, or be annihilated? NDIFFERENCE The history of Slavery and Anti-Slavery for theyear in question is condensed under the followingheads:— Kansas—Oragon—Cuba—The Southern Republican—New Slave State in prospect—New Demand of theState Power—The Foreign Slave Trade—The DoemsticSlave Trade—Kidnapping—Persecution of the freeColored People—Alleged Negro Inconpacity—Manumissions—New legal Doctrians—Fugitive Slave Cases—Rescues and their Consquesness—Southern Lawlessnessand barbarism—Action of State—The Church—TheTract Sociateis—The American Board—Foreign Intellgence—Obitrary—Agents, Publications, &C Kansas—Oragon—Cuba—The Southern Republican—New Slave State in prospect—New Demand of theState Power—The Foreign Slave Trade—The DoemsticSlave Trade—Kidnapping—Persecution of the freeColored People—Alleged Negro Inconpacity—Manumissions—New legal Doctrians—Fugitive Slave Cases—Rescues and their Consquesness—Southern Lawlessnessand barbarism—Action of State—The Church—TheTract Sociateis—The American Board—Foreign Intellgence—Obitrary—Agents, Publications, &C As the event of no preceding year have been moreimportant, so the record of none has been more intenselyinteresting than this. Every one of the itemsabove mentioned than this. Every one of the itemReport should be made to do active service towardsthe overthrow of slavery in its strong-hold-in theSTATES —Where the Republican are now re-pledgingthemselves to protects it.—C.K.W. TATES NONE AND COLLAGE. A Public Address delivered inthe Hall of the Massachusetts House of Representatives,March 8, 1860. By F.D.Huntington,Preacher to the University, and Plummer Professorm, of Christian Morals in Harvard College. Boston:Crosby, Nichols, Let ft Co., 117 Washingtonstreet. 1860. ONE OLLAGE. The address contains some pregnant suggestions asto collage, and is well written and handsomelyprinted. Its perusal cannot fail to prove serviceableis the direction intended. 
