 Last Monday, Mr. Bright, of Indiana, proposedin the Senate to dispense with so much of thestanding rules as requires the election of committeesby ballot, for the purpose of recommendingthe election of a list of committees that had beenagreed upon in caucus. Unanimous consent beingnecessary, Mr. Hale remarked that he should liketo hear, first, how these committees had beenframed. Mr. Bright, in reply, made the followingstatement:— 'The political party having the majority in this bodynot, and agreed upon a number of gentlemen whoshould constitute each committee, all of their own politicalfaith. After this was done, the list was handedto the honorable Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Pearce,]who, with the assistance of his political friends, hasadded the name of two senators upon each Committeeupon which there are five, and one upon them Committeeswhere there are three. This has been the usualpractice, I believe, for the last three or four years. Ibelieve the honorable senator from New Hampshire [Mr.Hale] is not upon any one Committee, for the reason,I feel authorized to say on the part of my politicalfriends, that we consider him outside of any healthy politicalorganization in this country.' [Laughter.] The Rules of the Senate require that the StandingCommittees shall be by ballot. These rulesare almost uniformly disregarded or suspended, forthe accommodation of party interests. Mr. Bright'sexplanation shows how the thing is managed.A few managers of each of the old parties mosttogether, form the Committees to suit their ownnotions, come into the Senate, and obtain a suspensionof the rules, and a ratification of theirwork by the members of their respective parties,who, whatever they may think of the character ofthe Committees, are afraid to express any disseat,last it may disturb certain party arrangements.In this way, King Caueus lords it over the Senate,which profess to be the representative and safeguardof the sovereignty and rights of the States. The double-headed Caucus in this case, actingunder the joint influence of Slavery and Hunkerism,excluded from every Committee three senatorsof acknowledged ability, and great capacity for thework of legislation—senators HALE, SUMNER, andCHASE. No other senators were thus ostracised.Many senators of inferior talents were placed onseveral committees. But these three men, distinguishedfor the purity of their private character,for the decorum of their conduct, for their attentionto the business of the Senate, for their entireconsistency and great ability, are singled out forproscription and insult. And why! Because theydid not chose to swear by the Baltimore platforms—toassume the yoke of either of the 'healthfulpolitical organizations'—to bow the knee toreverence the Slave Power—to support either ofthe pledged candidates of that exacting tyrant.For boldly expressing, and practically adhering to,certain sentiments respecting slavery cherished byfour-fifths of the people of the free States, theWhig and Democratic Caucuses of the Senate haveattempted to prescribe thorn, to fasten a brandupon them, to exclude them as far as they daredfrom all share in the business of legislation. Wethank them for revealing, in all its loathsomeness,their inherent baseness and disregard of justice.The revelation will contribute to open the eyes ofliberal-minded men of all parties to the necessityof making unrelenting war against Slavery andits loyal ally—Hunkerism. ALE UMNER HASE. healthful Mr. Bright having made his explanation, Mr.Hale said— 'I am exceedingly glad of the compliment, Mr.President. I am glad to be relieved from the labor,and I am proud of the reason—so that Iam satisfied and gratified; and no one can sayany more than that. It was simply to elicit thisfact that I inquired for this information. Thehonorable senator at the last session, no doubtwith a due appreciation of any qualifications andof my pursuits in life, placed me in the veryresponsible position of being a member of theCommittee on Private Land Claims—entirely, Sir,I suppose, because my local position and pursuitsin life eminently qualified me to discharge the dutieswhich, as a member of the Senate, I owed tothe country upon that Committee; and I think Ican call upon those honorable gentlemen with whomI served to bear me witness, that according to thoseabilities which I had, I did discharge the dutieswhich I owed to the country as far as lay in mypower. Everything that I proposed by my inquiry,the honorable gentleman from Indiana, with hiscustomary frankness, has disclosed to the country.There was one fact which I wish to call out; andthat is, that the qualifications to a place upon Committeesof this body did not relate to, were notlooked for, with respect to any fitness which thehonorable gentlemen might be supposed to possessto discharge the duties appertaining to those Committees,but had reference wholly to the fidelitywith which they walked in the traces of certainpolitical parties. Now, Sir, the party with whichI act is exceedingly small—yes, Sir, it is exceedinglysmall; but it is not so small, after all, asmight at first be supposed. It ought to be consideredthat we have paid back to the Democraticparty—I mean to the compromise party—the wholeof the borrowed capital which we took in 1848—every particle of it; and what we have left now, Ithink are clean and true men. Of the health with which their pulse beats, Sir,there may be some difference of opinion, perhaps,of the purposes which actuate them, and of theprospects that are before them, perhaps, there marbe a difference of opinion; but of this fact I thinkthere can be no doubt, that so far as the divisionsto which we look or attach any importance areconcerned, it may be settled now that there arebut two parties—I have long been of that opinion—thereare but two parties in this country.One of them is very large, Sir, so large that Ithink honorable senators wall find, before this sessionis over, or certainly before the next session isover, that they will want a little extraneous pressureto keep them together. They have annihilatedthe Whig party, so that there can be no adequatepressure from that source—no, Sir, not inthe least; and if the party to which the honorablesenator alludes does not organize an opposition,they must fall to pieces of their own immenseweight. Why, Sir, the organ of this party, the otherday, in speaking of it, spoke of it as already a'swollen party—swollen was the word. Now, Sir,when health is spoken of, we all know the word'swollen' indicates an unhealthy enlargement—not a healthy, a rotund, a vigorous growth—eccehomo! [Laughter.] Not that, Sir, but an unhealthy,diseased, mal-organized enlargement, thatrequires depletion, some way or other, to reduceit to healthy action. That is the way in whichthe Union newspaper, the organ of this great party,spoke of it; and, Sir, no man feels more disposedto call it great than I do, because I look uponit from a different point of view from that fromwhich my friends do, and what is from a muchsmaller place. But I will not detain the Senateby asking any further questions, nor by interposingany objection. The facts have already beenlaid before the Senate and the country; and, sofar as I am concerned, the Senate may have unanimousconsent to go on their own way. I make noobjection. swollen eccehomo! Union Mr. Bright then reported the Caucus Committee. Mr. Chase very properly remarked, that in viewof the disclosures that had been made, he felt itdue to the State be represented, and those whoacted with him, not to vote at all upon the question.After some ineffectual attempts to elect, aquorum not voting it was agreed that the Chairshould fill the vacabcues. And thus ended the disgraceful some of meanprescription. If there be anything more utterlycontemptible than the alliance of Slavery and Hunheritan,we have not yet stand it out. 
