 ☞The following 'passage at arms' took place inthe U.S. Senate, a few days since, on the presentationof a resolution, by the Hon. JOHN P. HALE, inquiringinto the conduct of Commodore MORGAN, (since deceased,)while he was in command on the Mediterraneanstation. As usual, Mr. HALE came off 'first best'—acquitting himself in a very spirited and dignifiedmanner. It will be seen that the sneering and insolentVirginian cowered beneath the manly rebuke administeredto him, and greatly altered his tons. OHN ALE ORGAN ALE MR. MASON. Mr. President, the very gallantand distinguished office to whom that resolutionrefers, I have known for more than thirty years.Although I heard the resolution read yesterday,I would not descend to notice it by appearingeven to vindicate the subject of it. Sir, I can tellthe senator who introduced it, that he will notonly shrink from no investigation, but he willcourt it; and I tell the senator at the same timewho introduced it, that the officer to whom herefersin that resolution is a gentleman and a manof honor, and he has a right to demand of thisSenate, although I apprehend he would not demandit of him, that he should be treated as agentleman and a man of honor. Sir, let him putthat resolution of inquiry in the character of aresolution of inquiry, and I will promote it, andwill vote for it cheerfully; for I should be doingvery great injustice to him, if I withheld my vote.But, as the senator from Illinois [Mr. Shields] hassaid, it is intended for some ulterior purpose—itis intended to do its work incidentally and collaterally.It w not intended, I apprehend, to bringbefore the proper inquiry of his peers in thenavy of the United States. R. ASON. MR. HALE. Mr. President, there is somethingconveyed by words, and there is something endeavoredto be conveyed by manner, and I want to tellthat senator, [Mr. Mason,] that he is not a manold enough, nor is be dignified enough, either inhis tone, or his voice, or his voice, or his manner, to make mestir a thousandth part of a hair-out of my track.Sir, I hare heard enough of this talk about monstorsdescending to meat a resolution that I offer.I am willing to have my place compared withothers, before the country, or before any tribunalwhere en honest, and fearless, and an honorabledischarge of the duties which have been devolvedupon me shall be weighed and considered. I tellhim, Sir, that it does not become a man —althoughhe may some from Virginia, from the Old Dominion—toundertake to talk about descending to considera resolution that I have introduced. R. ALE. I stand here, Sir, a Senator, with the obligationsof the oath of God bound upon my conscience,and, I think, with fully as keen a perceptionof what belongs to the deportment of a gentleman,or to the dignity of debate, as that honorablesenator. This is not the first time, Sir, thatthe mode and manner of that gentleman have beensuch as to let me know that he was a senator fromVirginia, and that I was but a poor, proscribedfanatic from New Hampshire. He may take allhe can make by any such taunts. He may placehimself in as nigh a position as he thinks he standsbefore the country, and see how far his missileswill have to descend before they reach me. Itmay not be quite so far as he thinks; and it maybe, sir, that the honorable gentleman from Virginiawould possibly not be quite so assuming whenhe undertakes to talk to me, if some power would '——— the giftie gie himTo see himself as theirs see him.'  I have but a little while to stay here, but whileI do stay here, I shall be a man. I shall act to thelast moment with a due appreciation of the responsibilityimposed upon me, and under a fullsense of my duty as I understand it; and I shallneither go to Virginia to learn patriotism nor manners. Now, Sir, as regards the resolution. I stated,at the outset, that every part and particle of thatresolution, and every word of it, was based uponcharges made by a responsible and an honorablemember of the House of Representatives, in hisplace upon the floor of the House—every one ofthem. They are none of mine, and I so stated it.I have no ulterior motives. What does the senatormean! Why does he suppose that I have anyulterior motives in attacking Commodore Morgan!It must have been the reflections of his own heartthat taught him to look for ulterior motives influencinga member in the discharge of his dutiesupon this floor. It must have been something thatcame from the inside, and not from the outside ofhim. That, Sir, is all that I have to say aboutthat part of it. I am willing that he or any bodyelse shall take all they can make by charging ulteriormotives upon me; but the idea that I haveany ulterior motives to prompt me to make theseinquiries is too ridiculous to merit a moment's consideration.And if it were not that I might bethought following a bad example—and bad it is—I would say, that I would not descend to answerit; but I will say no such thing, because I thinkit is in bad taste and bad manners; for that reason,Sir, I will not say it. And having said thismuch, I do not care one cent about the resolution—whetherit passes or not—whether the inquiryis instituted or not. But, Sir, the thingwill go to the country, and that is ill I want; andif they find out that we are employing a navy atan immense expense, and that we are sending outour ships-of-war to lie idle in port year after year,and that if there is any thing to be done by wayof transporting supplies, merchantmen are to behired at the public expense to transport thosesupplies—if, knowing these things, the country issatisfied with them, I am, and shall have nothingto say. I have merely submitted the inquiry; I have informedthe Senate of the source from which I gotmy information upon which I based the inquiry;and having said that, I care as little about it asany other member of the Senate. If the Senate issatisfied, I am. I have no personal objects to beattained—no resentments to be gratified. I hardlyknow Commodore Morgan, but I believe I methim several years since; and I think that, howeverelevated the gentleman may be—and I do notchoose to detract one word from that—CommodoreMorgan will tell him, if he sees fit to inquire, thatin the very little intercourse he had with me, hehad no occasion to find fault, either upon the scoreof gentlemanly deportment or liberality. Havingsaid thus much, Sir, I leave the subject. MR. MASON. Mr. President, if the senator overthe way entertains the opinion that I meant tomake a personal allusion to him in my remarks,he does me injustice. If he entertains the opinionthat I have ever heretofore courted any discussionof a personal character with him, he does me injusticeagain. Sir, I spoke of his resolution—ofthe paper that be presented here in the form of aresolution of inquiry. I said it was of a characterthat I would not descend to notice; and It hasalready attracted far more attention than it deserves,because the senator avails himself of hisposition to offer a resolution—whatever may be intended,for I will not inquire into his motives—the effect of which is to take for granted the verycharges he asks to be inquired into. Sir, if therewas any thing in my tone and in my mannerwhich be deemed worthy of his rebuke, I regret it.I could never learn from him, and I should utterlydespair of his ever learning anything from me. Imeant to have had none other on this floor than anofficial intercourse with that senator, and I shallalways treat him with the respect which is duefrom one senator to another. Personally, uponthis floor, we are as far separated as the poles, andmust so remain. R. ASON. I have said before, that that gallant and distinguishedofficer never will shun investigation inany way. Let him nut the inquiry in the ordinaryform as to ships lying in port, and as to howlong they lay in ports, and thus frame the inquiryin the usual way, and make it really an inquiry,and it snail have my vote. 
