 Under this head, the Greenfield (Mass.) Republic,speaks of the recent proscription of Senator Halefrom the Senate Committees, as follows: Republic The dignified body, called the Senate of the UnitedStates, has in it some members who are distressinglyanxious to convert it into a Spanish Inquisition,and to exhibit themselves as a set of intolerantMonks, who would broil a man like a dead turkey,for the unpardonable offence of differing from themin opinion. The bitterness of the pettifogger, themeanness of the demagogue, and the intolerance ofthe bigot, will, like vermin on the stately tree, crawlinto high places: and, when there, they witherwhatever is noble, beautiful and grand, as thevermin blast and destroy the foliage which was theornament of the tree. So there are men of contracted,mousing, groveling, crawling souls in theU.S. Senate, who would sooner burn the Capitolthan forgive a difference of opinion; and who knowjust enough to glory in the exhibition of their contemptiblemalignity and destitution of soul, just asa clown does in playing off his monkey tricks. Themore he casts off his manhood, and sinks into themonkey, the more he glories. So they, the morethey degrade themselves into mere tools of Despotism,and traitors to Freedom, the more they exult.They have lately made a new display of theirsickening meanness, in refusing to give John P.Hale a place upon any of the Committees of theSenate. Mr. Seward was served so last year. True,we believe, he declined any Committee post, but heknew it was decreed by the party lords to ostracizehim, and he requested to be excused, as a means ofpartly evading the intended slight. Mr. Hale hadmore pluck than that. He was disposed to let themeanness stick out its whole length, and make thoseguilty of it as much like hedge-hogs as they choseto make themselves, knowing full well that theirmiserable shuffing to Slavery would not harm him,while it would be a thorn to them. We are glad hecast the entire responsibility upon them, and sufferedthem to enact the consummate degradation which,if they did not covet, they consented to. We aresorry, indeed, that the Senate contains such a set ofSerfs to the Slaveholders; but since it does, thepeople had better know it, and nobody can betterproclaim the fact than the crouching minions ofDespotism themselves. A poet somewhere, in speaking of mean men, exclaims: 'Open your bosoms, spread out your wishes wide,And let in manhood!' But, alas! he never dreamed, wide as his fancyroamed, of men who had no bosoms—men made upof mere cabbage heads, and dough, dried in a'Southern sun,' till expansion was impossible, withoutdeath. He had not seen American Pro-SlaverySenators, whose destitution of manhood so for exceedshis imagination as to furnish another strikingillustration of the oft-quoted remark, that 'truth isstranger than fiction.' This attempt at an insult to Mr. Hale, and thedignity and gentlemanly bearing with which he metit, will only give him a firmer hold on the affectionsof the philanthropic and generous-hearted of ourland, and through him, will tend to promote theinterests of freedom. Despots, as is said of hogsin swimming, often out their own throats with theirown claws. 
