 The proscription of Hale of New Hampshire,Sumner of Massachusetts, and Chase of Ohio,from the Committees of the U.S. Senate, is notlikely to redound much to the honor of the Senate.This act of proscription, almost unprecedented inlegislative history, meets with more general condemnationthan those who were its authors probablyanticipated. We are glad to see such papersas the New York Evening Post, Buffalo Republic,Albany Atlas, and great numbers of others of kindredpolitical affinity throughout the country, expressan unequivocal condemnatory judgment of theact. The Buffalo Republic says: 'We would notwish the just reproach they (the thirty-eightUnited States' Senators) have earned, to be inheritedby their children; but we would have shameto set upon their faces, calling upon Justice, Honor,and Decency to point the finger of scorn atthem, wherever they are, as long as they are permittedto walk, crawl, or sneak on the face of theearth.' Evening Post Republic Atlas Republic The exclusion of Sumner, Chase, and Hale,from the Senate Committees, is not alone an indignityoffered to them, but an insult to the people ofMassachusetts, Ohio, and New Hampshire. Therights of the constituency of these Senators are assacred as those of any party, however strong orpowerful. 'The reason assigned on the floor ofthe Senate for the exclusion of these men, is thatthey are 'outside of any healthy political organization.'What does the Senate of these UnitedStates recognize as a healthy political organization?Let us see. There is a party in the Southwho call themselves Secessionists; they have adistinct organization, and their avowed object isthe dissolution of the Union; but these disorganizersare not considered by the Senate as 'outside ofa healthy organization,' for their representativesare deemed worthy a place on important committees.Are these Southern Secessionists deemedmore patriotic—more entitled to favorable consideration,than Northern Senators whose only crimeis, that they honestly believe the further extensionof slavery to be incompatible with the best interestsof the country? What a strange spectacledoes this present to the civilized world:—threehonorable Senators of acknowledged talent andability, of admitted patriotism and devotion tofreedom, declared unworthy of public confidence,simply because of opinions hostile to slavery;while open Secessionists from the South—plottersfor the dissolution of the Union, are fellowshippedand deemed fit to be placed on responsible committees!Surely, a disinterested spectator outside ofthis country would readily believe the days of therepublic numbered, when the conservative branchof the government avows such extraordinary partialitiesand preferences. The indignity offered to these Senators, and theState sovereignties they represent, will not be withoutits reactive influences, and convincing the proscribersthat they have acted ill-advisedly and hastily.The South hate these men because they boldlyavow their opposition to the further encroachmentsof slavery; can they be so insane as to believe thatthey are benefitting the interest of the South bypursuing a course so malignant? It is humiliatingthat so much servility should be found in theNorth—so much obsequiousness to the wishes ofthe supporters of the peculiar institution, as to degradethe government of the nation, by such ayielding to the extravagant demands of the South.Who are the men thrust aside and proscribed foropinions' sake! Are they the enemies of the country!Which are the better friends of constitutionalliberty, Sumner, Hale and Chase, orSoule of Louisiana and King of Alabama! Whotalk with the greatest vehemence of sectional interests,and utter the most threats of dissolving theUnion! But it is needless to pursue the subject. This actstands forth without a particle of justification inreason or patriotism; it crushes manly dignity,truth, love of humanity, and every noble sentiment,under the remorseless tread of slavery partisanship,and unless these generous sentiments have fledentirely from the breasts of the people, there willbe a terrible re-action upon the heads of these pettytyrants.—Wisconsin Telegraph. Wisconsin Telegraph. 
