 They are abundant. They are used on every occasionwhere slavery finds a supporter. UncleTom's Cabin has created an active demand for theiruse by those committed to the support of slavery,and also considerable doubt and uneasiness as totheir potency. In a recent number of Fraser's Magazine, ourAmerican slavery is discussed by a 'Carolinian,'who says, that on first reading 'Uncle Tom's Cabin,'he wrote 'many pages' in reply to it. But,cooling down a little, be found his reply very hot,but not very pertinent. It did not demolish UncleTom's Cabin; so he destroyed it, and tried hishand again, more coolly, if not more successfully. Fraser's Magazine One of the arguments with which be defendsslavery against its assailants is this:— 'There is a district in Boston, in which life is shortened,by density of population, to an average of thirteenand a half years, human beings beings crowded togetherat the rate of 441,500 to the square mile! Sucha fearful state of things is surpassed only in one districtin Liverpool. The accounts that appeared a fewyears since of the cellar population in New York arescarcely less appalling. The thought of these things,of what has ever existed in the old world, and of whatwill surely come upon America, will prepare us for theuse of an argument from analogy, by which to find acounterpart every where for the objection which is heldno fatal for slavery.' Some of our neighbors, falling into the samemethod of argumentation, quota against the'Duchess of Sutherland and her ladies,' who haverentured to say something about American slavery,the following from ah English paper:— 'Sale of a Wife.—One of these disgraceful exhibitionstook place the other evening, at the CardiganArms, Kirkstall road, Leeds. A man, W. Bean, hadcohabited with a married woman named Martha Spence,and the woman's husband, W. Spence, at her solicitation,agreed to sell her to her paramour. Accordingly,she was by appointment taken to the Cardigan Arms,in a halter, and sold, in the presence of the companydrinking there, for a sovereign. The two, when the salewas completed, sat down to a jollification.' Sale of a Wife. Admirable defenders of the peculiar institution!The worst and most abominable things in civilizedsociety are hunted out, and it is vehementlyclaimed that they are almost or quite as bad asslavery. Slavery courts comparison with suchthings, and hopes thereby to seem respectable; andthis is the strongest and proudest defence that canbe made for it! No abolitionist could stab it morefoully. Suppose it to be admitted that the 'Carolinian'has not drawn on his imagination for his accountof 'a certain district in Boston'—suppose it be admittedwithout question, that all the social evilsquoted exist everywhere as plentifully as these defendersof slavery say, how is the enormous barbarityof the slave system lessoned! It is nottherefore whitened to purity, nor clothed withgrace and nobleness. We only see that some otherthings exist, here and there, almost half as blackas itself; that its enormity is not quite alone inthe universe; that although the blackest specimenof hell any where visible to us, it neverthelessclaims fraternity with every dark thing in society.It must be ill at ease, and feel itself hard pushed,to seek in this either justification or excuse. Moreover, the parallel drawn is defective. Thereis a radical difference between slavery and the socialevils in which its friends endeavor to find itscounterpart. We at the North do not justify theseevils. We do not uphold and defend them as ourpeculiar institutions. We do not seek to enlistthe general government in the work of perpetuatingand spreading them. The man who faithfullyexposes them is not set down by us as an enemyof the North. We do not anathematise and burnthe literature in which their injustice and barbarismare portrayed. The claim is, that the hearts of men and womenshall not be tender and warm with love and justice,to feel the great wrong and shame of Americanslavery, because other evils exist in the world.It will not do. Human nature was not made forthe special convenience of the Slave Power, andcannot take the word of command from it—cannotbe silenced by its sophistries. Slavery does notallow that it is an evil. It challenges criticism,and provokes against itself the judgment of the civilizedworld, by claiming to be a good and ratherdivine thing, a peculiar finish and charm of domesticlife, and a chief corner-stone of our republiccanedifice. Why does an institution, with claimsso grand, seek its counterpart in the most loathsomeof social disorders! The politicians at Baltimore have said and votedthat agitation shall cease, and they are directingall their machinery against it. To defend slavery,and plot for its aggrandizement, appears to beperfectly orthodox. The more a politician doesthis, the sounder does his national reputation become.Yet, men will discuss the matter. Eventhe politicians, who supposed they could stifle itunder their platforms, cannot let it alone. Humannature, stirred and kindled by this question,is too strong for them. It will move and agitate. will A higher law than can be enacted at Baltimoreregulates this matter. Its influence is silent andsure as light. Its effects we see in the perpetualgrowth and spread of the anti-slavery sentiment,and in the constant discussions and agitationswhich so much disturb and exasperate the leadingscribes and Pharisees of Hunkerism. It steadilyundermines the power by which the special guardsmenof the slave interest have controlled the opinionsand votes of the people, and it will yet triumph.When that triumph is won, and the defendersof slavery gain a restoration of intellectand common sense in the changed atmosphere of publicopinion, these sophistries will become the mostremarkable furniture of some old curiosity shop. 
