 This antiquated and venerable embodiment ofOld Fogyism has fairly arrived at a state of politicaldotage and imbecility. He has become theveriest lick-spittle and cringing, sycophantic defenderof the slave interest. Once, we might havehad a feeling of charity for Lewis Cass. He hasgreat intellectual talents, rich and varied stores ofknowledge, perseverance and energy, such aswould not fail to grace the Presidential chair ofthese United States; and when at the height of hispolitical career; when his prospects were highest;when the highest office within the gift of thenation was almost within his grasp; we mightthen have had a reeling of charity towards thepoor human nature which should be tempted tocourt the influence of the Slave Power, which held,as every body knew, in the hollow of its hand, themeans of honors and preferment. But, when thetemptation is removed; when all hope of the Presidencyhas gone for ever, and only the paltry spoiland offices, which are dispensed to the commonherd as rewards for the services they have or are expectedto perform, remain, it requires a heavystretch of charity to regard the utter debasementand slavish prostitution of a great intellect forsuch unworthy and contemptible purposes, with anygreat degree of leniency. It is absolutely disgusting-the amount of unprovoked,absurd drivel, of which this rotund Senatorhas delivered himself, in his place in the Senate,within a few years past. Nothing which reflectsin the slightest degree upon the institution ofslavery, no matter whence the source, escapes hisprompt castigation. Not long since, Mrs. Stowetell under his severe displeasure for her audacityin exposing to the scorn and reprobation of the world,the outrages and horrid abases of the system ofwhich he has constituted himself the special guardian.Those impertinent English hussies too, whohave dared to appeal to their American sisters touse their influence in removing the foul stain uponour country's escutcheon, had to stand in the Senatepillory, and listen to the staid and portly Senator'slecture on womanly propriety. And yet the Senator presents a memorial to theSenate, from a professed body of Christians, prayingthat that body would do something wherebyAmerican's may be allowed to worship God in themanner which their consciences dictate, under thetyrannical and intolerant governments of Europe,and then proceeds to deliver himself of two columnsof the most outrageous cant that we haveseen for many a year. We find no fault with thespeech itself, nor the sentiments contained in it—they are right and just. What we wish to reprobate,and hold up to the scorn and contempt of thecommunity, is the arrant hypocrisy—nay, blasphemy—ofthis politico-religious saint. Hearhim:— they 'It is strange that in this age of the world, and thisday of intellectual advancement, any obstacle shouldbe interposed to prevent the believers in the faith ofJesus from following the dictates of their conscience.' Now, in order to obtain a due appreciation ofthe beautiful harmony and accord between this piousSenator's professions and practice, just step, inimagination, while be gives utterance to such sentimentsas the above, to an open window in the Capitol,and look at the auction block yonder, on whichstands a body, possessing an immortal soul, which,according to the Senator's belief, is doomed to aneternity of woe, if it does not avail itself of theGospel of Jesus. The body is a strong and healthyone, and bids are plenty. At last, the hammerfalls, and one of the group is declared the owner ofsaid human being, not the least of whose recommendationit is, that he is a professor of religion,and communicant of the Baptist Church, in goodand regular standing, for the last fifteen years!His belief in the Lord Jesus adds $50 dollars to hismarketable value! This scene is of daily recurrence,within sight of the very building where thiswondering Senator uttered the above words. Andthree millions more of these unfortunates, rankingamong them many of the purest and humblestChristians, are in like manner subject at all timesto the will and unbridled passions of those whochance to be their owners. And yet Senator Cass,who never did or said aught to procure for thesethree millions of needy, truth-starved wretches thepriceless boon of permission to read the word ofGod, is amazed and astounded that any Governmentin Christendom should deny the right to believersin the faith of Jesus to worship accordingto the dictates of their own conscience! Bah!such a man 'bear testimony to the priceless valueof religion'! professor of religion belief Lord Jesus The Senator is savagely severe upon those who 'Seek to pervert the Scriptures to the purposes oftheir libidinous passions that safeguard of religion andsocial order, the institution of marriage, and by leadinglives of unrestrained intercourse; thus making proselytesto a miserable imposture, unworthy of our nature,by the temptation of unbridled lust.' Was the Senator ever known to say one word incondemnation of the system of slavery, which refusesto recognize the sacredness of the institutionof marriage among three millions of the humanrace in these United States! where man breeds hisfellow man, as he would the brute beast forthe market! where, even when the parties areunited by the minister of God, they are put asunder,and instructed to break one of God's commandments,at the pleasure of a master! Did heever warn of their sin, those men who retain thecomeliest of the female chattels to minister untotheir 'libidinous passions,' and in doing so, violatetheir own marriage vow—the solemn vow of a whiteman! Mormonism and Socialism are horrid impostureswith this virtuous Senator, bat a man mayown the illegitimate child of his own loins—aye,and sell him to a stranger—and you shall hear norebuke from Lewis Cass—provided the unfortunateand helpless victim and offspring of lust be taintedwith the despised African blood. instructed white own sell 
