 At a meeting of the citizens of Jackson county,held in the Court House, on Monday, the 13thlast, for the purpose of entering a remonstranceagainst the Northern Methodist Church holdingtheir annual conference in this city— On motion of Judge Brooking, Colonel JamesChiles was called to the Chair, and N.R. Mearryappointed Secretary. By request of the Chair,R.G. Smart, Esq., explained the object of themeeting; and on motion of Wm. Cogewell, a committeeof five were appointed, consisting of thefollowing gentlemen, J. Stonestreet, R.G. Smart,W.B. Howard, Robert Stone and James Smart,to prepare resolutions expressive of the object ofthe meeting. The committee reported the followingresolutions:—  Whereas, it is known that the people of WesternMissouri have been, and are still, greatly excitedupon the slavery question, owing to theirproximity to the Territory of Kansas and variousother causes, well known to the public; andwhereas, it is known that the Methodist EpiscopalChurch North design holding their Annual Conferencein this place in September on October ;and whereas, we believe that the sitting of saidConference in this place, in view of the state ofpublic opinion here, and the supposed anti-slaverysentiments and opinions of the ministers and otherswho will constitute said Conference, may leadto results and acts to be regretted by the citizensof this community—we d it but on act of justiceto notify the ministers and others constitutingsaid Conference, of the state of things here, andearnestly request them to hold said Conferenceat some other point where less excitement prevails.Therefore.   Resolved, That for the reasons above stated andset forth, we respectfully remonstrate with the ministers,bishope and others, who will constitute saidConference, against the holding of the same at thisplace in September or October next, and earnestlyrequest them to hold said Conference at some otherpoint, where less excitement prevails upon thisvexed subject of slavery. Resolved, That we deem it but an act of justiceto ourselves, to ask for peace and repose upon theslavery question; and for this reason, as well asfor those already stated, we trust the ministersand others constituting said Conference will heldthe same at some other place. Resolved, That if the ministers and others constitutingsaid Conference should, after this respectfulremonstrance, persist in holding the samehere, we shall hold ourselves fully acquitted fromany consequences that may result therefrom. Resolved, That a copy of the proceedings ofthis meeting be forwarded to the Western ChristianAdvocate, published at Cincinnati, and the CentralChristian Advocate, to be published in each of saidpapers. Western ChristianAdvocate CentralChristian Advocate Resolved, That the papers in this city be requestedto publish the proceedings of this meeting. After considerable discussion, on motion of N.R.McMurry, the resolutions were adopted. The meeting then adjourned. JAMES CHILES, Chairman. Chairman. N.R. McMURRY, Secretary. URRY Secretary. [☞In view of this lynch law religious ostracism,how pertinent to the motto, 'No unless with slaveholdersreligiously,' as well as politically!] 
