 The city of Syracuse, in the State of New York,is the very hot-bed of abolitionism and all otherlawless-devices of the Evil One, to trample underfoot the religion of the Bible, and Constitution ofthe Union, and laws made in accordance with theletter and spirit of both the Bible and the Constitution.It has become infamous as the centralpoint at which assemble Woman's Rights Conventions,Abolition Conventions, Maine Law Conventions,and Conventions for the propagation of allforms of error, fanaticism, and treason. It wasthere the fugitive slave JERRY was, by a decree ofthe Court of New York, ever which, if we forgetnot, one Judge Pains presided, declared free, inpalpable contravention of one of the plainest provisionsof the Federal Constitution, which thatsame Judge had solemnly sworn to observe, protectand defend. ERRY The Syracusans seem to glory in their infamy,and boast of their lawlessness. They have introduceda new anniversary into the black calendarof fanaticism and crime. Is the Evening Chronicle,published is their city, we observe that a callhas been issued for the observance of the 'FourthAnniversary of the Jerry Rescue.' They wish tosignalize an event in which lawlessness and fanaticismwere triumphant over the Constitution andthe rights of the Southern States of the Confederacy.The call is in these classes (!) words:— Evening Chronicle 'The first day of October, 1855, the Fourth Anniversaryof the memorable Jewry Rescue, is athand. The spirit that defied oppression, andscorned as a filthy rag the enactment of a law defyingCongress, intended to give oppression powerand dignity, we thank Heaven is an embodimentat Syracuse. Its proportions are expanding incontempt of political limits and political parties.As the organ of each embodiment, we appeal toour bold countrymen, and to the world, to confessits legitimacy, justice and authority. Thereforewe call them to be at Syracuse, the first of Octobernext, at 10 o'clock, A.M., to honor the first successfuland glorious strike, which, in the UnitedStates, rescued an outraged slave and set him free.' Is there a 'lower deep' into which it is possiblefor fanaticism to sink its deluded followers? Why,it would be just as honorable and praise worthy tocommemorate the anniversary of the GunpowderPlot of Guy Fawkes, or that of the massacre ofSt. Bartholomew's; or rather the observance ofthe anniversaries of these ever memorable, yetmost shocking and infamous events, would reflectno more disgrace, than will the anniversary of theJerry Rescue upon the Syracusans. Why do theynot commemorate the death of Murrell, the murdererand slave stealer? It would be quite as appropriate.He did no more, during his lawlesscareer, than the Syracusans have done. He stolenegroes from their rightful owners. So have theSyracusans. He imbrued his hands in the blood ofslaveholders. The Syrausans were ready to dothe same thing, if they had not found a pliantjudge willing to perjure himself, in order to carryout their will under cover of law. We think it,therefore, quite appropriate to the business theyhave is hand, that the abolitionists of Syracuseinstal Marrell into their calendar of slave-stealingsaints, and faithfully observe the anniversary ofhis martyrdom. slave stealer? martyrdom. Have not the Syracusans 'Some touches of restores? or is their bloodSo madly hot, that no discourse of reason,Nor fear of bad success in a bad cause,Can quality the same?'    If fanatic abolitionists ever have lucid intervals,it seems to us the thought would sometimes occurto their distempered minds, that their disregard ofthe compact of Union at once annuls that despisedand contemned instrument; that their refusalto obey its plainest requirement absolves allthe par to the compact from every obligationto obey any of its other requirements; that theSouth may refuse to carry into effect such provisionsof the Constitution and laws of Congress aswere designed to benefit the North, with as muchof right as the North now refuses to deliver upfugitive slaves on claim of their rightful owners;that the South will be forced by their lawlessnessto declare the Bond of Union a nullity and inoperative;in other words, that the sovereign Statesof the South will dissolve the Union, and 'assumeamong the powers of the earth, the separate andequal station to which the laws of nature and ofnature's God entitle them.' It seems to us thatsuch reflections as those would 'give them pause.'Self-interest ought alone to restrain their madness.But no, Fanaticism never reflects, never reasons.There is, therefore, no hope of peace and securityfor the rights and institutional of the South, butin a speedy dissolution of the Union: rather, weshould say, as the Union has been already virtuallydissolved by the North, is declaring it at anend. The Union is even now dissolved; let theSouthern States so declare it. Let as  Syracusansand the people of the whole North to observeas many Jerry R as they may plceto observe; let us leave them to glory in theirinfamy as much and as often as they choose. Letus avoid all contamination of an association withthem.     
