 The decision of the supreme court of Pennsylvaniain the case of the notorious Passmore Williamsonis refreshing. The white negroes willhave to come down from their insolence and recklessnessof oaths and constitutions and contemptof law, and submit to the contempt which the soberjudgment of mankind is passing upon them.The free colored people will conduct like goodcitizens, wherever they are, if let alone by theirwhite associates, who incite them to discontentand rebellion. Demagogues, like Sumner andTheodore Parker, cannot break down the judiciary. white Senator Sumner stands conspicuous as a mobincitingagitator. He is famous for big words,though never known to do a large action. In hisformer life, and until the malaria of black philanthropyseized upon him, he was servile to courtsand judges, beyond all men of his profession. IfJudge Story but only winked the law, CharlesSumner bowed and worshipped. Latterly he hastalked of 'back bone' until the bad company hehas kept, and his own boasting, have driven himto insult the judges of the land, renounce his oathto support the constitution, and raised his handto strike down the judiciary! With what flippancyand impedance be gave his opinion, and hurledhis anathemas at Judge Kane in the matter ofPassmore Williamson! What was that case?We can test by it Charles Sumner's knowledge ofnor as well as his contempt of the judiciary,whenever it follows the constitution and crosseshis black path. Judge Kane, of the district court of the UnitedStates, at Philadelphia, was regularly petitionedfor a writ of habeas corpus to bring in the bodies ofcertain persons whom it was alleged that one PassmoreWilliamson detained unlawfully. The judge the writ. Passmore Williamson wasbrought into court, and refused to answer, and, and out at naught the authority of the court.he wanted to be a negro martyr. He stood inattempt before the court. Either Judge Kanewas to surrender his authority to a recusant, ormaintain the supremacy of the law. Williamsonhad his choice to comply with the order of thecourt by a proper answer, or be committed forcontempt. He preferred the latter, and was committedto prison until be should obey the law.Here was a chance for political agitation. CharlesSumner seized upon it. He paused to his travelinglecturers against the constitution, to writewherever to Passmore Williamson, denouncing andreviling the judiciary of the United States, andpersonally insulting (as far as such a man couldinsult) Judge Kane. In his black passion, heforgot all he ever knew of law. He denouncedJudge Kane as a tyrant and usurper for issuingthe writ of habeas corpus, and for committing theret for contempt. To read his letter, theignorant would infer that Judge Kane was a Jeffries,and that there was not a particle of law forwhat he had done. Yet there stood the law sixty-sixyears old, and Charles Sumner knew it! In1785, Congress enacted 'that all the courts of theUnited States may issue write of habeas corpus.' habeas corpus   habeas corpus  habeas corpus. That is what Judge Kane's court of the UnitedStates did. Again, in 1789, Congress enacted that the judgesof the courts of the United States 'may punishby fine or imprisonment, at their discretion, allcontempts of authority in any cause or hearing beforethem.' allcontempts of authority in any cause or hearing beforethem. That is plain enough, yet Charles Sumner writesdown Judge Kane a tyrant and usurper for doing,under that law, what Marshall and Story haddone and approved as sound law. Charles Sumnerknew that his idol, Judge Story, once imprisoneda man named Jenks, for a year, for contempt,in refusing to sign a deed which the court decreedin equity he must execute. He never denouncedJudge Story for that. There was no negro in thecase, no political capital to be made out of it.Sumner's capital then was, servility to the UnitedStates courts. We had the opinion of the learned Judge Kaneagainst the flippant opinion of Charles Sumner,and now comes the opinion of the supreme courtof Pennsylvania, delivered through Chief JusticeBlack, one of the ablest Judges in the land. Theabolition agitators, carrying out the contempt ofthe laws which Sumner had uttered in his letter,applied to the supreme court of Pennsylvania fora habeas corpus to take Passmore Williamson fromhis commitment for contempt. It was a direct attempt,like this treasonable act of Massachusettscalled the personal liberty bill, to declare waragainst the United States. The supreme courtheard the case, and with what dignity and logicthey disposed of it! Under their legal conclusions,Passmore Williamson sinks from the martyr tothe outlaw, and his abettors in lawlessness, Sumnerand his associates, fall from their self-conceitedelevation of Hampdens and Sydneys, to Catalinesand Burrs, demagogues and traitors. habeas corpus martyr outlaw 
