 SLAVES RAILROAD OF MISSOURI, LAVES AILROAD OF ISSOURI Engineer's OFFICE, St. Louis, Aug. 22, 1855. FFICE Mr. EDITOR:—The following order will explainitself. As this will cause much inconvenience topersons, strangers to the officers of the road, travellingwith or sending their servants, I regret thenecessity of issuing the order, but the law is sostringent that I see no other way of protectingthe company. DITOR Last Sunday, two negroes applied to the StationAgent at Hermann, showing what, to all appearedwere genuine passes from the owner. TheStation Agent is an old resident of Hermann, knewthe owner of the Slaves, and supposed of coursethat the passes had been given by the owner for aSunday trip. After reaching St. Louis, the nevermade their escape, and although recoveredin Illinois and returned to their owner, the claimis now made for double the value of the negroes,in the ground that they were simply transportedin this State, from one point to another, on whatproved to be a forged pass, although there is everyevidence that the Station Agent at Hermann actedin good faith. This order affects the convenience of passengersand freighters coming or sending to the road froma distance, and an insertion will oblige yours, THUS.S.O. SULLIVAN, Engineer and Superintendent. An Ad concerning the transportation of Slaves—Railroad Companies. An Ad concerning the transportation of Slaves—Railroad Companies. Be it enacted by the General Assembly of theState of Missouri, as follows: That the severalRailroad Companies in this State, whose officersshall transport any slave from one point or placein this State, to another point or place in thesame, in any car or other conveyance of said companies,without the consent or permission of theperson to whom such slave does of right belong,or who has authority to grant such consent orpermission, shall forfeit and pay double the valueof such slave to his owner, to be recovered byaction of debt, without prejudice to the rights ofsuch owner to his action at common law. This act to take effect and be in force from andafter its passage. Approved February 27, 1855. ENGINEER'S OFFICE, PACIFIC RAILROAD, NGINEER'S FFICE ACIFIC AILROAD ST. LOUIS, August 22, 1855. T. OUIS To J.M. WARD, Master of Train on P.R. R:— ARD SIR It will be seen by the above law, that noslave shall be transported over the road, withoutthe consent of the rightful owner, and that theresponsibility as to the real ownership seemsplaced upon the Railroad Company. It thereforeareas necessary to issue the following order:— IR That unless by special written permission of thePresident or Superintendent, no colored personshall be transported over the road, unless accommpaniedby the owner, known as such by the stationagent or conductor, in which case such ownerwill give to the conductor a written statementif the fact, and date of such transportation. Incase the owner should not be known by the agentor conductor, he must require good and sufficientbond from some person known by him, to doublethe value of the slave. This will present the transportation of all freenegroes, and all slaves with written passes or permission,except as above, from President or Superintendent,as the same may have been forged orimproperly obtained possession of. This order will, of necessity, cause much inconvenienceto passengers and freighters; but it seemsabsolutely called for by the strict and bindingterms of the law. The law, with this order,should be printed and conspicuously posted at everystation, and in one car on each train. Yours, &., THOS S.O. SULLIVAN,Engineer and Superintendent. 
