 Under this head the Inquirer of the 17th inst.publishes the paper confided to the hands of Mr.Garrison, shortly before his death. It is entitled'Hints for the American People in the event of aDissolution of the Union,' and is, as Mr. Thompsonstated on Saturday, in entire accordance with Mr.Garrison's views. The institution of slavery, saysthe deceased philanthropist, has given birth inAmerica to notions and opinions leading to downrightatheism. The Bible has been falsified to suitthe purposes of slaveholders. It has been deniedthat God made of one blood all nations of the earthto dwell therein. The notion has been inculcatedthat there are different races of men springing fromdifferent stocks, and that the negroes are an inferiorrace—a link between man and brute—and may beclassed with property, as cattle, sheep, and even inanimatethings. The clergy have encouraged thisperversion of the Scriptures to please the planters,and glossed over the borrows of the slave system;and not only has the public mind been corruptedand demoralized on the subject of slavery, but thestapdard of morals generally has been lowered byBibls perversion. The very air of the country hasbecome infected with infidelity and atheism. Thefree States, which are involved in the maintenanceof slavery, are tainted by the connection; and Mr.Clarkson comes to the conclusion that a division ofthe Union is desirable, and should be demandedThus, then, the 'last thoughts' of the great abolitionistjustify the policy of the American Anti-SlaverySociety, and come to the same conclusion asMr. Garrison in regard to the 'religion' of the slave-holdersand their abettors.—Galeshead (Eng.) Observer, Galeshead (Eng.) Observer A GOOD SION. At the August conference of thedenomination known as 'Bible Christians' held atNew-Alexandria, this county, was passed the followingresolutions : OOD ION. Resolved, That while we as a body are enemiesof ecclesiastical and spiritual oppression, we believeit also to be our duty to solemnly protest againstthe system of American Slavery, as being opposedto the principles of Christianity; and that the practiceof enslaving any of the human race ought tobe shandoned.' Resolved Resolved, That as the followers of the Prince ofPeace, we are opposed to the harbarous practiceof war—and, as a body, will use our infruence infavor of peace principles.' Resolved 
