 The following notice of a public meeting at St.Louis, called to devise measures for the greater se-curity of 'negro property,' appears in the papers : 'SLAVE MEETING. A meeting has been held inSt. Louis to take measures to 'protect slave prop-erty against the evil designs of Abolitionists andothers.' Funds were raised, and 'commissioners'appointed whose names are to be kept secret.Resolutions were passed, condemning all 'negropreaching and negro-teaching,' and against negroesbeing away from their homes, with or without theconsent of their masters, after dark. Also a me-morial was adopted, asking the Legislature to passlaws forbidding all 'schools for the education ofthe blacks, whether taught by black or white;' thatfree blacks or mulattoes, now residing in, but notborn in the State, be removed—that no slaveshereafter to be emancipated, be suffered to remainin the State and that no meeting for religiousworship be allowed to negroes, except in the daytime, and then only when the services are conduct-ed by a regularly ordained white minister or priest,The resolutions and memorial were adopted unani-mously.' EETING. Another account states that an 'Anti-AbolitionSociety' was organized, with President, Vice Presi-dent, Treasurer and Secretary. A finance com-mittee was also appointed, whose duty it is to spyout Abolitionists and bring them to 'justice.' justice. The following are the resolutions passed by thismeeting: Resolved, That the President of this associationbe requested, in the name of this meeting, to me-morialize of the city authorities to adopt such ordi-nances as may be necessary to prevent all negroesfrom leaving the home of their masters, after dark,whether with or without permission of their em-ployer; and that proper signals be given in at leastthree points of the city, announcing the time fornegroes to retire. all negroes Resolved, That our fellow-citizens throughoutthe State be requested to organize similar societies,and adopt like means with our own, for the moreeffectual protection of their slave property, and theexecution of the laws against the abduction ofslaves. Resolved,  That this meeting consider all negroteaching dangerous to the happiness, quiet andsafety of our above population, in view of which,we earnestly request the city authorities to enactordinances effectually to prevent the continuanceof these evils. 
