 This mighty and expensive organization will, wefear, prove very much like the mountain in labor.There was something powerfully imposing in theproject of uniting Christians of different meets together,in the bonds of holy brotherhood and affection.To have softened down the asperity ofsectarian feeling, to have removed coldness, jealousy,and prejudice, and to have infused amongstall denominations, a spirit of mutual confidence,respect, and kindness, and to do this without anycompromise of principle, was surely a work which,if accomplished, would, we are persuaded, havebeen ultimately productive of highly important andbeneficial results. By a free and friendly interchangeof thought, on the points of difference,there might in time have been on all sides a nearerapproximation to each other, and to the great standardof truth and duty. But the Conference,which was convened for the purposes of union,became the arena of fierce debate, and, if all betrue that is said, the contention was sharper thanwas consistent with Christian meekness and dignity.The question of admitting American slave-holders,became, we grieve to say, the elements ofdiscord. After passing, on the Saturday evening,a resolution 'drawn up in a very mean-nothing,milk-and-water sort of spirit. but professedly excludingthose who were slaveholders 'by their ownfault,' the Conference was induced on the Mondayfollowing to stultify itself, by rescinding the resolution.This was in consequence of the irresistibleappeal of those powerful advocates of libertyand equality, the American brethren. Such conductas this will not suit the people of Old England.It is not congenial with the views whichEnglishmen entertain of freedom and philanthropy,nor will it find sympathy in the hearts of BritishChristians. To interchange the assurances ofChristian esteem and affection, with men who areorthodox in doctrine, but who buy and sell theirfellow-men, like cattle in the market, is an inconsistencywhich will not be tolerated in this land ofroyalty and aristocracy, however lovely and expedientit may appear in the Republic of America.The Alliance now holds a position which, we fear,will greatly weaken its moral influence, and insureits dissolution. And whether these gatherings andthese results are, after all, worth the immense expenditurewhich they involve, may, we think, bequestioned. The thousands of pounds which thelate Conference cost might have been, in our humblejudgment, much more usefully appropriated.Christian Union will be most effectually promoted,by Christians associating together in their respectivelocalities. How appropriately may this bedone, in the observance of a Monthly MissionaryPrayer Meeting, formed of the various evangelicaldenominations that may exist in a town or neighborhood—held alternately in each other's chapels,with an address delivered by a minister not connectedwith the denomination to which the chapelmay belong! And, if Evangelical ministers of differentsects would regularly meet together, andconsult as to the best means of promoting theirindividual and collective usefulness, and discusssuch questions as may have a bearing on the educationof the people, and on their social and religiousimprovement, there would then be co-operationwithout jealousy, and there would be unionwithout compromise. MOBOCRACY IN KENTUCKY.—A new case of excitementhas recently spring up in a portion ofKentucky, the latest accounts from which lead usto apprehend a bloody tragedy before the end ofit. The circumstances are briefly as follows: Aslave woman was put on trial, at Brandenburg, formurder, in stabbing her master in self-defence,while he was beating her with a stick of wood.A Dr. H.P. Byram, who had recently settled therefrom the North, and had got into a good professionalbusiness, was  as a juror on the trial.He objected to service, on the ground that he wasopposed to capital punishment; but his objectionwas overpowered, and he was compelled to serva.He however refused to assent to a verdict of guiltyof murder, believing that the right of self-defencebelonged to slaves as well as others. This refusalto agree to a verdict of guilty, was the originalcause of the excitement. The Doctor was immediatelybranded with the name of abolitionist, andordered out of the county. OBOCRACY IN ENTUCKY.  ☞ public meeting of the mobocratic citizensof Brandenburg was subsequently held, and measureswere taken for the expulsion of Dr. Byramfrom that town. In giving an account of the affair,and of the principal actors in it, through the mediumof the Cincinnati Herald, Dr. Byram says— Now, that you may have some idea of the characterof the parties interested in the above proceedings,I will state that Dr. Hicks, J. Atwell, A.J. Alexander and N.D. Anderson are all memberof the M.E. Church. The latter an ex-memberof the Legislature, and has been a magistrate,and four others, now magistrates, took part in themeeting. B.W. Shacklett represented that countyin the Legislature winter before last, and is oneof a notorious mob which was fined some thousandor more dollars for violation of law. Now the suspension of the trial of the negro,through my influence, has metamorphosed me intothat monster described in the resolutions, inwhich there can be found no remedy in the rigidlaws of the Legislature of Kentucky of last winter.I have also committed the unpardonable sinof reading the Herald, and sending it immediatelyout of the State, and refusing to vote for HenryClay, at the last election. suspension Since my residence in this State, I have regardedit my duty to submit to the laws as they exist,acknowledging the right of citizens to hold propertyin slaves, and regard any interference withsuch, as no better than highway robbery. Yet Ihave ever claimed the right, and have exercisedit when an opportunity offered, of casting my votein that way that might aim at the overthrow ofslavery. I am now in this city, waiting the return of agentleman from St. Louis, with whom I have business,and shall return to Brandenburg as soon asI see him. What the result will be I cannot tell,but if the honorable leaders of the 'Anti-AbolitionSociety,' will meet me at my house, with theintention of carrying into exeention their resolution,I am there. But it would be too great a sacrificeto fall in the defence of my rights by thehands of such as no doubt will be put in the lead.My wife is there with two other females, and remainat my request. Let the world see how farKentucky 'chivalry' will go. Anti-AbolitionSociety Very respectfully your ob't, servant, H.P. BYRAM. In relation to the foregoing the Cincinnati Heraldsays: 'We also learn that 200 men from BreckenridgeCounty are to be present at the meeting appointedby the mob, for carrying out their resolution,and that Mr. Byram intends presenting a petitionto the Governor of Kentucky, praying his protectionagainst the threatened violence of the mob.It remains to be seen whether the State of Kentuckyis able and willing to protect her citizensand uphold her law, or whether, in her determinationto perpetuate the slavery of the black, shealso intends to rivet claims upon the freedom ofthe white man. If her constitution is not morewaste paper, her bill of rights a mockery, andthere remained in the hearts of her people any reverencefor the rights of man, these respectablegentlemen, class-leaders and magistrates, will betaught that the majesty of the law is not to be invadedwith impunity. We wait with interest, thefurther developments of this plot.' 
