 DEAR FRIEND: EAR RIEND I this day received from Concord, N.H., by theHalifax mail, 'The Herald of Freedom,' of Friday,Oct. 23, announcing the death of Nathaniel P. Rogers,and containing an Obituary notice, giving manyinteresting particulars of the event. I am sorry forooor Rogers. I feel for his bereaved wife, and thelarge family be loved so fondly. I feel for the agedmother he was accustomed to speak of so reverentlyand so affectionately in his letters to me. He wasnot of those men you meet with every day. Hewas an original, fearless thinker, and a remarkablyoriginal writer. He was a master of language, andthough he did not write in numbers, he had more ofthe should of a poet than nine-tenths of the poets inthe English language. His were the gifts of art andgenius in an eminent degree; and how keen was hisappreciation of the power and force of words to expressmost exactly whatever sentiment he wished toconvey! His originality of style was sui generic—itwas like Sterne's, so peculiar that his imitators generallyfailed, and made themselves paltry and ridiculousin the comparison. They fell short of the soulthat animated and lit up the eccentricities of his moleculesand daring phraseology. sui generic I first became acquainted with him in the year1840, at the time of the 'World's Convention,' whichwas several days in session when I learned that W.L. Garrison had arrived in London, and (in consequenceof the course the Convention adopted towardsLucretia Mott and other female delegates ofthe American Anti-Slavery Society) had refused toenter Freemason's Hall as one of its members. As awish to see Garrison was one of my chief inducementsto visit London at that time, I was not disposedto let him leave the city, without making aneffort for the purpose. Accordingly, one fine morning,I set out early from our Irish head quarters in Cecil-street,Strand, and walked to the boarding-housein Queen's place, South wark bridge, where a majorityof the Americans had congregated. The firstpersons I saw on entering the street, —there were butfew out at that hour,—were two gentlemen returningfrom their morning's walk. One of them I immediatelyrecognized, from the familiar features of hisportrait, to be the man who had been for some years,or his works' sake, an object of my hearty regardind veneration. I did not know his companion, butas I had not much time for parley, I addressed myselffirst to him, and said I concluded his friend was Wm.Lloyd Garrison, and asked to be introduced Rogersvery frankly complied with my abrupt request, andhe was in return introduced to me by Garrison ashis travelling companion and fellow-delegate. Thisinterview occupied a few minutes, but before weparted, they agreed to spend the following eveningwith us Irish at our lodgings—and this was the commencementof my intimacy with two of the most remarkableand highly gifted men, with whom it hasbeen my lot to be personally acquainted. It is wellknown that they were treated with coldness and suspicion,and even with secret hostility, by the membersof the British and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society'sCommittee, and as they gave the cue to British abolitionismat that time, Garrison and Rogers were comparativelyneglected in London during the session ofa World's Anti-Slavery Convention! This fact alonewas a pretty good test of the value of the gathering.It was a repetition of the old joke of the play ofHamlet, being acted with the omission of a part ofHamlet by particular desire. The old saying, that itis an ill wind that blows nobody any good, was verifiedin this instance, and accordingly 'the sons oflittle men' who attended the Convention, and whohappened to have no respect for the conclusion ofthe new Broad-street Committee, had then a muchbetter chance of becoming personally acquaintedwith Garrison and his friends, whom we should probablyhave been unable to approach, unless at an awfuldistance, if they had been patronized by the Gurneys,Stacey's, Surges, Forster's, &c.; for in our simplicitywe had calculated on seeing them surroundhim wherever he went, as they gathered roundClark son, anxious to catch inspiration to good deedsby the touch of his garment. For my own part, Ihad no opportunity of cultivating the acquaintance ofGarrison and Rogers, and I thought myself fortunatewhen I obtained their promise to pay us a visit inDublin, before their return to the United States.They kept their word; and the visit, though short,was extremely gratifying, both to them and us.They felt that their presence gave us great pleasure,and we exceedingly enjoyed the opportunity offorming an intimacy with men of eminent social endowments,who were not only good company, butwere up and doing valiantly, against fearful odds, inbehalf of outraged humanity. You well knowhow deeply, from that time, I became interested inthe anti-slavery cause, and how thoroughly I appreciatethe great privilege I have since enjoyed in theconfidential correspondence and cordial friendshipof many of the most distinguished and indefatigableabolitionists. From that time, N.P. Rogers became one of mymost constant and intimate and valued correspondents.His letters were so sparkling, so originaland hearty, that the arrival of one from him was hailedin our Dublin circle, as a parcel of school boyswelcome the advent of a holiday. They were generallylong, yet we thought the longest too short. Iretain them all, and have treasured them carefully. Under these circumstances, it is almost needlessto say, that I was greatly grieved by the first indicationsof that alienation in my friend Roger's mind towardshis Boston friends, which took place two orthree years ago. I first observed it in the pages ofthe Herald of Freedom, and it then referred, I think,to the views entertained by some of them (and coincidedin by them all,) as to the rightful ownership ofthat paper. I was obliged by a sense of justice tocome to the same conclusion that they did, and Iformed my opinion quite independently, from thestatements which appeared in his own paper. Ithought the Herald of Freedom the an alienated propertyof the New Hampshire A.S. Society, and Iwas unable to see how the admitted talents of theeditor, or the devoted energies of the printer, couldwarrant either in assuming the possession of propertywhich did not belong to them, unless they hadpreviously obtained possession by the deliberate setof the rightful owners. I received no informationfrom Boston in reference to this matter, mail after Ihad made up my mind as to the merits of the question;so under headed efforts were made to influencemy judgment; and indeed it would not somebeen worth any body's while to make the attempt.It is stated in John R. French's notice of his deceasedfriend, that I was amongst Mr. Roger's choicestand dearest friends, and that, knowing his affectionfor me, his former associates endeavored to estrangeus from each other, and succeeded in doing so. Hethen goes on to say—'Weeks before a public wordwas untested by the Boston clique against Mr. Rogers,and when in the full possession of their friendship,Maria Chapman wrote letters to Richard Webb, filledwith cunningly devised falsehood, in order to preparehis mind for the after attempt that was to bemade to wean his confidence from Mr. R., and to turnhis love into hatred.' Now it is only just I should declare,that if ever you wrote me such letters as these,J.R. French must know more of our setrespondencethan I do, for I never received them. The lettersyou did write to me were of a totally different character—they were full of expressions of kindness to-wardsour friend, and of hope that he would see hiserror in the affair of the Herald, and that all wouldcome right at last. I thought that the course of myBoston friends towards their gifted fellow-laborer inConcord, before the difference came to an openbreach of friendship between them, was eminentlydistinguished by courtesy, and by a thorough appreciationof his genius and other fine qualities. Farremoved from the seen e of this difference, and warmlyand admiringly attached to both parties, I thoughtmyself an impartial witness in the matter. For ifthere was a man in America, whom I loved and admired,it was N.P. Rogers. It hurt my self-esteemto have to think him in the wrong—I hated to haveto differ with him. But I could not then—and nowthat he is dead and buried amidst the regret I feelfor one I was so sincerely attached to, I cannot condemnthe view I then took of that affair of theHerald of Freedom. My love for N.P. Rogers wasnever turned into hatred, nor into any feeling akinto it, or any emotion bitterer than regret. I neverhated him —I could not, if I tried. I was sorry forhim, and I still regret that he erred in his estimateof the claims of me um and tum in a plain matter ofbusiness. I cannot think that they were his bestfriends, who urged him on to hostility against hisfellow-laborers in the moral warfare, because theycould not conscientiously adopt his views. to have to have I do not believe that his ideas respecting organizationhad any thing to do with prompting an estrangementtowards him on behalf of his Bostonfriends. I have never been able to see, as has beenintimated, that his liberty was trammel led by them onthat or any other subject, or that they endeavored torestrain him from expressing himself according tohis conscientious convictions, until he thought it rightto attack them and impeach their motives. The lastletter that passed between N.P. Rogers and myselfwas written about a year ago. I always expressedmy views to him frankly, but I trust kindly and respectfully.I felt nothing but kindness towardshim, and all who know me know how I honored hisgenius and admired his writings. Often when I indulgedin day dreams of a visit to the United States,have I pictured to myself, that one of my earliestcalls would be upon him in his beloved hoe at Concord—that I would be received so cordially by himand his family—that we should have a delightfultour together—that in his company I should enjoythe delightful excursion he had promised me to theWhite mountains, the Francois Notch, the sceneryaround Plymouth, and the beauteous lakes he soglowingly described in his editorials and his privateletters—and then I portrayed the regret Ishould feel in parting from him, when about to partto meet no more on earth. Now this meeting cannever take place. It is many years since a deathhas occurred, that has touched me so closely. Farremoved as we were from each other, and elight asour intercourse has been for some years past, hisdeath has made a sensible gap in the circle of my intimatefriends. On reading the account of the death of this remarkableand gifted man, I thought it but due to you,to let not a day pass without protesting against theinsinuations against you which have been needlesslyintroduced into the notice that suggested this longletter. I know them to be as far as possible fromthe truth. An attack so utterly unfounded and sopersonal would be considered, on this side of the Atlantic,the very extremity of bad taste, especiallyupon such an occasion. How can the writer thinkthat it will soothe the sleep of the dead, or calm thesorrows of the survivors, to sim over his grave thepoisoned shaft of calumny against one of his ablestand most self-denying fellow-laborers in the cause ofthe slave? I remain, yours very respectfully, RICHARD D. WEBB. Maria W. Chapman. 
