 Now that the annexation of Texas and its consequencesare so clearly before the country as Democraticmeasures, and are avowed and defended assuch by the Democratic papers in all parts of thecountry, it is not a little curious to revert to theopinions expressed by some of those papers beforethe Baltimore Convention had issued its dictates.A brief series of extracts on this subject has beencollected by the Washington correspondent of theNew-York Express, which we subjoin. The presenttone of the papers quoted, is too well known tomake any quotation from their recent articlesnecessary, and the inconsistency is too striking torequire remark. The Washington Spectator, Mr. Calhoun's organ,while lauding Com. Stewart's letter in favor ofthe immediate annexation of Texas, alludes tothe probability of a war with Mexico, in a tone oflevity, if not of joy! It would be well for such politiciansto remember, that wars are not as popularas in former times. People begin to reflect andcompare its results, before they plunge into itsmiseries. It is perceived that wars undertaken forextension of dominion, exact the leaders and managers,while they crush and impoverish the masses.The trappings of the war-horse, and the glitter ofarmed legions, tickle the fancy and please the eye,but the people see that they place a leaden weightupon the hand of honest labor. It is for this reasonthat true statesmen regard wars, undertaken forsuch selfish purposes, as one of the greatest evilsthat can afflict a country. Nor ought the annexation to be made without theconsent of Mexico, on her recognition of her successfullyrevolted province. We must avoid eventhe appearance of evil. It is not enough that wemay be abundantly certain that Mexico can neveragain even hope to shake the established independenceof Texas. The nominal, theoretical right, isstill asserted, which e cannot disregard withoutincurring a just liability to a declaration of war byMexico. The Atlas is beating the air about the admissionof Texas into the Union. The Cabinet at Washington,and all the folks this way, are opposed tosuch a measure. Mr. Preston, Mr. Wise, and a fewopposition members of Congress, are in favor ofit; but they have not strength enough to do anyharm. Slavery and the defence of slavery form the controllingconsideration urged in favor of the treaty[of annexation] by those who have been engaged inits negotiation. To these doctrines, we can neversubscribe, and whenever they are offensively urgedupon the frees States, they deserve to be pointedlyrebuked. The evils that will be entailed upon the North bythe admission of Texas into the Union, are incalculable,great, vast—beyond all human comprehension.The object and design throughout isas black as ink—as bitter as hell. No other reasonon earth can be assigned for this southern movement,than a determination to perpetuate that accursedinstitution, which, as a matter of compromise,was acceded to by the North at the time ofthe adoption of the articles of confederation. If theSouth persist in forcing Texas upon us, the resultis inevitable to all The consequences are multifarious—to say nothing of their ruin. May Providenceavert this calamity—and save our Republicfrom disunion, misery and destruction. The most wicket, vile, God-abandoned place ofwhich we have any knowledge—its history wouldmake the very savage blush with very shame. Someof its lynchers and marauders have perpetrated theircrimes within the United States and upon Americancitizens, some of whom they have murdered incold blood, in the most inhuman manner. Yetthere are some who desire to effect a union between,Texas and this country, as if we had not enough,guilt and crime already upon out shoulders. Wewish rather that we could fix an impassable gulfbetween us and its borders, that its breath of pestilencemight never reach out shores. Heaven saveus from a union with Texas.   It is matter of deep regret that our Southernfriends intend to agitate, in the next Congress, thequestion of the annexation of Texas to our Union.It is understood that this is a favorite project withMr. Calhoun. But as its accomplishment mightprove fatal to our free institutions, it will be asolemn duty of the Northern Democracy to opposeit. We shall admit all communication that goagainst annexation. The Democratic papers of Mains and N. Hampshireare already out in tones of thunder againstthe project. The Democracy of New-England will go in asolid body against annexation. The absurd and fallacious doctrines of 'Aristides,'in the New-Hampshire Gazette, do not take withthe Northern Democracy. He writes with someability, but after sifting all his arguments, the onlysubstance is, that we want Texas for a great slavemart. 'Aristides' advocate the annexation of Texas,knowing that the object is to open a great slavemart there, and as one of the inevitable results, toentail the curse upon ourselves and our posterity.Yes, the annexation would be as full of evils as aPandora's box. 'Aristides' more than intimates that Englandwishes to again Texas, in order to destroy the peculiardomestic institutions of the South. —a black and inglorious scheme. 
