 Nothing is more true, or more extensively known,than that TEXAS WAS WRESTED FROMMEXICO, and her independence established, throughthe instrumentality of the 'United States.'—[Martin VanBuren's letter to a member of the Baltimore Convention,1844.] and her independence established, throughthe instrumentality of the 'United States. 'THE PRESENT WAR WITH MEXICO ISBUT A CONTINUATION OF THE TEXANWAR.'—[Gen. Houston, Texas Senator in U. S.Congress. 'Least of all was it (the United States government)ignorant of the anxiety of other powers to induceMexico to enter into terms of reconciliationwith Texas, which, affecting the DOMESTIC INSTITUTIONof Texas, would operate most injuriouslyupon the United States, and might most seriouslythreaten the existence of this happy Union. Norcould it be unacquainted with the fact, that, althoughforeign governments might disavow all designto disturb the relations which exist under theConstitution between these States; yet that one,the most powerful amongst them, had not failed todeclare its marked and decided hostility to theCHIEF of these relations.'—[Tyler's Message toCongress, April 22d, 1844.] 'A movement of this kind cannot be contemplatedby as in silence. Such an attempt upon anyneighboring country would necessarily be viewedwith very deep concern; but when it is made upona nation whose territories join the slaveholdingStates of our Union, it awakens a still more solemninterest. It cannot be permitted to succeed, withoutthe most strenuous efforts on our part to arresta calamity so serious to every part of our country'—[Secretary Upshur to Murphy, Aug. 8, 1843.] the slaveholdingStates of our Union 'But there is another view of this subject, stillmore important to us, and scarcely less importantto Texas herself. The establishment in the verymidst of our slaveholding States, of an independentgovernment, forbidding the existence of slavery,and by a people born, for the most part, among us,reared up in our habits, and speaking our language,could not fail to produce the most unhappy effectsupon both parties. If Texas were in that condition,her territory would afford a refuge for the fugitiveslaves of Louisiana and Arkansas, and would holdout to them an encouragement to run away, whichno municipal regulation of ours could possiblycounteract. Even if this government should interposefor the protection of the slaveholder, it wouldbe very difficult so to strange the subject us toavoid disputes and collisions. slaveholding States The States immediately interested would bemost likely to take the subject into their own hand.They would perceive that there could not be any securityfor that species of property, if the mere crossingof a geographical line could give freedom to theslave; they would perceive that the protection thusoffered to the slave would remove from his mindthat dread of consequences which restrains himfrom the commissions of the worst crimes; theywould fear that the safety of themselves and theirfamilies was endangered; that they would live incontinual uneasiness and alarm, and in the constantexercise of a painful and harassing watchfulness.It is not to be supposed that a people, consciousof the power to protect themselves, wouldlong submit to such a state of things. They wouldassume to reclaim their slaves by force; and forthat purpose, would invade the territory of Taxes.It is not difficult to see that quarrels and war wouldsoon grow out of this state of things. If this governmentshould make itself a party in asserting therights of the slaveholder, the result could not fill tobe unfavorable to Taxes. If this governmentshould refuse to become a party, it would feel itselfunder an obligation to interpose for the purpose ofchecking and controlling its own citizens. It isnot probable that such an interposition would beeffectual against the vital interest, the commonrights, and the exasperated feelings of those Statesof the Union. there could not be any securityfor that species of property I leave it to your reflection, air, to suggestto you the effect of such a state of things upon theharmony of our Union.'—[Ibid.] 'I am very desirous, sir, to impress this subject uponyour attention; and for that reason, I have presentedit to you in some of the strong lights inwhich it has struck my own mind. It is worthy,therefore, of your most vigilant care. Few calamitiescould befal this country, more to be deploredthan the establishment of a predominant Britishinfluence, and the abolition of domestic slavery inTexas.'—[Ibid.] 'The Constitution of Texas secures to the masterthe PERPETUAL RIGHT TO HIS SLAVE, and prohibitsthe introduction of slaves into Texas from any otherquarter than the Untied States. If the United States preserves and secures toTexas the possession of her Constitution and presentfrom of government, then have we gained allwe can desire, and also all that Texas asks or wishes'.—[Murphy to Upshur, Sept. 24, 1843.] 'Pardon me if I am too solicitous on this subject.I feel the deep interest at stake. Our whole southerninterests are involved in this negotiation, andwith it the interests of the Union itself. The greatblow to our civil institutions is to be struck here,and it will be a fatal blow, if not timely arrested. civil institutions England is anxious to get rid of the Constitutionof Texas, because it secures, in the most nervousand clear language, the rights of the master to hisslave and it also prohibits the introduction ofslaves into Texas from any other nation or quarterthan the United States. Now, all the United States has to do is, to aidthe people of Texas in sustaining their Constitution,which, while it effectually secures the rightsof the master, secures to the people the blessingsof civil, political, and religious liberty.'—[Murphyto Upshur, Sept. 23, 1843.] 'So far as this Government is concerned, it hasevery desire to come to the aid of Texas, in themost prompt and effectual manner. How far weshall be supported by the people, I regret to say issomewhat doubtful. There is no reason to fearthat there will be any difference of opinion amongthe slaveholding States; and there is a large numberin the non-slaveholding with views sufficientlyliberal to embrace a policy absolutely necessary tothe salvation of the south, although, in some respects,objectionable to themselves.—[Upshur toMurphy, Sept. 23, 1843.] It is impossible to be too watchful or too diligeutin a matter which involves such momentous consequences,not only to our country, but to thewhole civilized world. The view which the governmenttakes of it excludes every idea of meresectional interest. We regard it as involving thesecurity of the south; and the strength and prosperityof every part of the Union.'—[Upshur toMurphy, Nov. 21, 1843.] 'But this is not all. If Texas should refuse tocome into our Union, measures will instantly betaken to fill her territory with emigrants from Europe.Extensive arrangements for this have alreadybeen made, and they will be carried into effectas soon as the decision of Texas shall be known. These emigrants will bring with them Europeanfeelings and European opinions. Emigration fromthe United States will cease; at all events, the peopleof the southern States will not run the hazardof subjecting their slave property to the control ofa population who are anxious to abolish slavery. Texas will soon cease to be an American State.Her population, her polities and her manners willstamp her as European. This fact alone will destroythe sympathy which now exists between thatcountry and this. But the first measure of the new emigrants, assoon as they shall have sufficient strength, will be,to destroy that grand domestic institution, uponwhich so much of the prosperity of our frontiercountry depends. To this, England will stimulatethem, and she will also furnish the menus of accomplishingit.—I have commented upon this topicin a dispatch to Mr. Everett. I will add, thatif Texas should not be attached to the United States,she cannot maintain that institution ten years, andprobably not half that time.'—[Upshur to Murphy,Jan. 16, 1844.] domestic institution if Texas should not be attached to the United States,she cannot maintain that institution ten years, andprobably not half that time. It is with still deeper concern that the Presidentregards the avowal of Lord Aberdeen, of thedesire of Great British to ace slavery abolished inTexas: and, as be infers, is endeavoring throughher diplomacy, to accomplish it, by making theabolition of slavery one of the conditions onwhich Mexico should acknowledge her independence.—Under this conviction, it is felt to be theimperious duty of the Federal Government, thecommon representative and protector of thesestates of the Union, to adopt, in self-defence, themost effectual measures to defeat it. ace slavery abolished inTexas most effectual measures to defeat it. Acting in obedience to this obligation, on whichour federal system of government rests, the Presidentdesires me to inform you that a treaty hasbeen concluded between the United States andTexas, for the annexation of the latter to the former, as a part of its territory, which will be submitted, without delay, to the Senate, for its approval.This step has been taken as the most effectual,if not the only means, of guarding againstthe threatened danger, and securing the permanentpeace and welfare.'—[Calhoun to Pakenham, BritishMinister, Ap. 18, 1844.] ' The step was forced on the United States, inself-defence, in consequence of the policy adoptedby Great British in reference to the abolition ofslavery in Texas. It is impossible for the UnitedStates to witness, with indifference, the efforts ofGreat Britain to abolish slavery there. They couldnot but see that she had the means in her power,in the actual condition of Texas, to accomplish theobjects of her policy, unless prevented by themost efficient measures; and that, if accomplished,it would lead to a state of things dangerous in theextreme to the adjacent States, and the Union itself.Seeing this, the government has been compelled,by the necessity of the case, and a regardto its constitutional obligations, to take the step ithas, as the only certain and effectual means ofpreventing it.'—[Culboun to Green, Minister toMexico, Ap. 19, 1844.] ' Mr. Calhoun, at the same time, announces tothe undersigned, by direction of the President, thata treaty has been concluded between the UnitedStates and Texas, for the annexation of Texas tothis country as a part of its territory; which treatywill be submitted without delay to the Senate forits approval. Mr. Calhoun further takes occasionto enter into explanation as to the motives whichhave induced the government of the United Statesto adopt their present policy in regard to Texas;and he concludes by presenting certain remarks,founded on statistical information, in defence ofthe institution of slavery as now established in aportion of this republic, and in proof of the necessityof taking measures for its preservation.'—[Pakenham to Calhoun, Ap. 19, 1844.] 'The United States, in concluding the treaty ofannexation with Texas, are not disposed to shunany responsibility which may fairly attach to themon account of the transaction. The measure wasadopted by the mutual consent, and for the mutualand permanent welfare of the two countries interested.It was made necessary, in order to preservedomestic, institutions placed under the guarantyof their respective constitutions, and deemed essentialto their safety and prosperity.'—[Calboun toPakenham, Ap. 27, 1844.] preservedomestic, institutions 
