 IMPORTANT DECISION. —In the Circuit Court,this morning, as we are informed, Judge Krumgave his decision on a case of much importance.It was one which called into question the constitu-tionality of the law regulating the residence, inthis State, of free colored persons. We under-stand that be decided in favor of the law, and ex-pressed the opinion that none but free whitepersons could enjoy the rights of citizenship.—This, of course, excludes the Indian, as well as thenegro. FOR NEGROES. —Yesterday, under the decisionof Judge Krum, of the Circuit Court, we under-stand, that the Country Court had five negro men,and two negro women, professing or claiming to befree, whipped and sent out of the city. If the Coua-ty Court will follow up this decision, they willsoon free the city of a nuisance, and give greatersecurity to slave property. OR EGROES. five free, whipped and sent out of the city. DIFFERENT OPINIONS.—We have heard of oneman, who, if not belied, has expressed himself infavor of devolving the Union, if slavery is notabolished. The Garrison anti-slavery party go asdecidedly for dividing at any rate, as for demolish-ing all existing religious institutions—but the Whigsand Liberty party say HOLD ON. The Whigs say itmust be an extreme case to talk even about division,and the Liberty party ask what is to become of thethree millions of slaves, if left to the tender mer-cies of the South. The hope of the slave is in theinfluence of the free States in their favor. TheWhigs will show their adherence by electing aletter, a Whig administration, and avoiding an oc-casion for even talking about a dissolution. —N.H.Sentinel. PINIONS. one talk N.H. Purposely confounding the sayings and doingsof the comparatively few abolitionists of the Garri-son stamp with the Likely party, is characteristicof certain radical Polk papers in this and otherStates. It should be universally understood thatthe radical differences in relation to religious viewsof duty, and the support of the Constitution andthe Union occasioned the rupture of the party.The influence of the Union alone, if we desire themanumission of the slave, is a sufficient inducementof holding on— yet the worst (and the best is badenough) extracts from the Garrison party are quo-ted and held up to show disorganization and hatredto the Union. We never liked the carrying intopolitics this great moral question, but justice shouldnevertheless be done. Mr. Garrison, Mr. Douglass, Henry C. Wright,and others, in England, joined by Thompson andHaughton of Dublin, have spent the summer inrolling against the Union, and striving to get up anopposition in foreign governments—actually advo-cating duty of open foreign interference onthis questions. —Ibid. Ibid. M. Garrison arrived in the 4th Nov. Steamer—but how dull and stupid will everything appear tohim at home! The great mass not ready either todissolve the Union, or trample the Constitution ofthe country in the dust, because evils now existthat the people themselves can sure at the polls.Division would be to abandon the cause of the millions of slaves. Is the influence of thefree States nothing? Time was when, in Mr. G'sopinion, this influence was to do the great work.It strikes us Mr. Thompson, of England, and Mr.haughton, of Ireland, have quite enough to do athome in the way of reform without seconding theeffirts of Mr. Garrison and Mr. Douglass, self-ap-pointed American Ministers to the people of Eng-land to persuade them to interfere. Mr. G. seemsto have forgotten that Mr. Polk don't allow offoreign interference!—Ibid.  Ibid. OPENING THEIR EYES. —Christians in Englandand Ireland are beginning to open their eyes onthe actual position of Win. Lloyd Garrison. Afact which the greenness of Mr. Quincy publishedin the absence of Mr. Garrison that in this countryit is as much as a man's Christian character isworth to be known as a patron of the Liberator,will soon be true on the other side of the waters.While Mr. G was at Belfast, Ireland, (he is in Bos-ton, and will probably read this,) he attended a pub-lic meeting, where some strange things were en-acted. We find the account abridged from theBanner of ulster, by the N.Y. Christian Advocate.We present only a short abstract. After his usualrant against the church, Mr. G. Proceeded to readan article from a Belfast paper, called the News&, &c]—Zion's (!!) Advocate. HEIR YES. News&, &c]—Zion's (!!) Advocate. The slave population is decidedly preferable asan orderly and laboring class, to a Northern labor-ing class, that have just learning enough to makethem wondrous wise, and make them the mostdangerous class to well regulated liberty under thesun.' [!!!] Richmond Enquirer. Richmond Enquirer. 
