 We have much pleasure in presenting to ourreaders this admirable address. It has, we learn,received 10,337 signatures. Had the time not beenso limited, there is no doubt but that thousandsmore would have made the address speak for themalso. We commend to our Female anti-slaveryfriends, every where, the praise worthy example ofthe Women of Scotia's capital. every where DEAR SISTERS:—We feel compelled to addressyou at this time, in the language of Christian love,on behalf of Three Millions of our and your fellowbeings—brethren and sisters—held in uprightnessbondage in your country. EAR ISTERS We appeal to you by your love for that country,whose Constitution is defaced by the foul blot ofslavery;—whose standard of morality is loweredamong the nations by cherishing such a system ofimpurity:—whose Christianity is prostrated to coverthe heinousness of a sin in directed opposition tothe Law of God. 'Love thy neighbor as thyself,'and the express injunction of Jesus Christ, 'What-soeverye would that men should do unto you, doye even so to them.' Will you suffer this upas treelonger to overshadow and blight the soil of yourcountry? Will you not unite in tearing it up, rootand branch, that the sunshine of truth and justicemay fertilize and beautify your plains? Constitution morality Christianity We appeal to you by our common humanity—bythat command which enjoins us to 'rememberthose in bonds, as bound with them.' Rememberthat wives are torn from their husbands, at anymoment, by the word of a task-master—that brothersand sisters know not the sweet intercourse offamily ties—that mothers must, in wringing anguishof heart, behold their precious little onesexposed upon the suction block, and sold into perpetualslivery, where they must suffer all the horrorsof the system, without a mother's voice to, without a mother's eye to pity. Rememberthem 'as bound with them', —believe yourselvesin their place—behold your husbands torn fromyour arms—your brothers and sisters sold into fardistant localities, never more to meet on earth—your aged parents left to pine for want, when theyare no longer of use to those who claimed them inownership—your precious babes seized upon byothers as their property,—and your feelings outragedwithout a thought—then feel the chain onyour limbs, the lash applied to your quivering flesh,and, more torturing still, that you see these crueltiesand many more inflicted on your nearest and dearestones, without power to interpose, without powerto alleviate, without power to appeal. Oh! realizeall this, and then you will 'remember thosethat are in bonds, as bound with them;' and whenthus you behold your brother lie 'bruised andbleeding,' then, oh! do not, like the priest and Levite,'pass by on the other side'!  as bound with them your your your your your your your We appeal to you by our common Christianity.America passions to the world that she is a highlyChristian country, that she is foremost in thespread of the Bible, in the cause of missions, andin promoting revivals at home. But does she neverthink of the three millions of immortal beings inher midst, doomed by her to pagan darkness!Where are the Bibles found among her slave population?Are they taught to read that Book whichproclaims 'liberty to the captive, and the openingof the prison doors to them that are bound'? Arethere not laws which decree death for the secondoffense of teaching a slave to rend? Would Missionariesbe suffered to preach the unfettered gospel?If they did, would not their lives pay theforfeit of their faithfulness? Can this be consistentwith Christianity?—consistent with the commandof Jesus, 'Go ye into all the world, andpreach the gospel to every creature'? Women ofAmerica, lift your voices, use your influence againstthis perversion of the laws of God! Christian three millions immortal they death every creature We know that it is said that Christianity prevailsamong the Slave States—that the slaveholders areChristian men, and Christian Women—(for we arenot ignorant of the painful fact, that some of ourown sex are in this sad position of sin)—but wemaintain that to be a spurious Christianity whichauthorizes the stealing of men, women and children,the herding of them together like brutes, andthe withholding from them that volume which(through faith in Christ Jesus) is declared 'able tomake wise unto salvation.' May not such Christianitybe classed with that of the Scribes and Pharisees,who were denounced by the Saviour as those'who bind heavy burdens, grievous to be borne,and lay them on men's shoulders, but they them-selveswill not move them with one of their fingers;''who shut u the kingdom of heaven againstmen who devour widows' houses, and, for a pretense,make long prayers?' Christian Women spurious We deeply grieve that any professing Christiansof our land should have given the right hand offellowship to such a system, by joining in communionwith its upholders, by assisting to throwthe mantle of Christianity over the iniquity ofslavery, and in so doing, revetting the fetters onthe limbs of the slave, and stifling the cries of hisdistress. Let us unite in every effort to withdrawthe veil, to expose the horrors underneath, and toproclaim the right throughout our land and yours.If we are members of churches, whose teachersattempt to screen slavery,—if their prayers makemention of the slaveholder, forgetting the slave;if our fellow-members join in these acts,—thenlet us lift up our voices for the oppressed, let usprotest against such unchristian distinction, and,should our remonstrances prove unavailing, thenlet us obey the command, 'Come out from amongthem, and be ye separate.' Sisters, will youunite with us in bearing this testimony to the honorof Christianity and the cause of humanity? our slave our We address ourselves to the Women of America;and, oh! that our entreaties might penetrateinto the Southern States, and reach the heart ofthose of our sex who 'use their neighbor's serviceswithout wages, and give him not for his work!''Behold, the hire of the laborers who have reapeddown your fields, which is of you kept back byfraud, crieth; and the cries of them which havereaped are entered into the ears of the Lord ofSabaoth.' Therefore, we implore you, 'Give untoyour servants that which is just and equal.''Wash you make you clean: put away the evil ofyour doing from before mine eyes; cease to doevil: learn to do well.' Then 'trust in the Lordand do good. So shall you dwell in the land, andverily you shall be fed.' just equal. We address ourselves to the Women of America;but we do not forget that a million and a halfof our sisters in that land cannot hear our voice;our sympathy cannot reach them; they are dumb,they cannot respond to our worde: but we knowthat there is among you a noble band of women,who are the 'self-consecrated priestesses in thetemple of humanity.'—whose cause is the cause oftheir sisters in bonds, who are mouths for thedumb, who, with untiring, self-sacrificing zeal,pursue their course, esteeming trials and sufferingslight, that they may aid in the glorious workof 'opening the blind eyes, bringing out the prisonersfrom the prison, and them that sit in darknessout of the prison-house', For these belovedsisters, our hearts glow with affectionate sympathy:they are bearing the burden and heat ofthe day, and we would sustain them by all themeans in our power. We pray that they may bepreserved in their glorious course by an AlmightyArm, and strengthened in their labors and trials bythe approval of their own hearts, and 'the blessingof those who are ready to perish.' We are cheered from time to time by the presenceamong us of some of the true-hearted fromyour land. 'As iron sharpeneth iron, so doth thecountenance of a man his friend,' and there visitshave strengthened our hands, they have encouragedour feeble efforts, and have stimulated us touse our influence on this side of the Atlantic, andto send to the other, as occasion may demand, ourprayers, our entreaties, our expostulations, or oursympathies. In conclusion, Women of America! dear sisters!shall slavery continue? It is for you to make answer.Yours is an influence not to be resisted,—will you not exert it on the side of justice andhumanity? In the domestic circle, your sway isunbounded; it is yours to lead, by mild persuasion,the judgment of a husband, a brother, or a father;it is yours pre-eminently to instil into theopening mind of the child, the principles of loveand truth; it in for you to sow the need; let it begood need, that it may bring forth good fruit, to theservice of man and the praise of God. Neglectnot your influence on the society in which youmingle,—neglect it not in the churches of whichyou are members,—ever bear about with you theremembrance of the bleeding slave, ever recollectthe language of the prophet. 'Is not this thefast that I have chosen; to loose the bands ofwickedness, to undo the heavy burdens, and tolet the oppressed go free, and that ye break everyyoke? Is it not to deal thy bread to the hungry, andthat thou bring the poor that are cast out, to thyhouse? when thou seest the naked, that thou coverhim; and that thou hide not thyself from thineown flesh? Then shall thy light break forth as themorning, and thine health shall spring forth speedily;and thy righteousness shall go before thee:the glory of the Lord shall be thy rearward. Thenshalt thou call, and the Lord shall answer; thoushalt cry, and he shall my, Here I am. If thoutake away from the midst of these the yoke, theputting forth of the finger, and speaking vanity;and if thou draw out thy soul to the hungry, andsatisfy the afflicted soul; then shall thy light risein obscurity and thy darkness be as the noonday.' good good 
