 A few weeks since, the New York Evangelistpublished a letter from Dr. Cox, then in London,which contained an ungentlemanly and ill-temperedattack upon Frederick Douglass, for the part hetook in the 'World's Temperance Convention.'This letter was widely copied by the political andreligions press of the country. The last Liberatorgives Douglass's reply. It is a triumphant vindicationof his course, and if Dr. Cox does not keenlyfeel its honest and faithful rebukes, he must befar less sensitive and irritable than when he pennedhis unfortunate letter. We are much mistakenif the Dr. does not mourn the day that he grappledwith the strong-handed fugitive. Had he kept behindthe bulwark of the pulpit, he would have beensafer. After a few more encounters like this andthat of Dr. Smyth of South Carolina, the pro-slaverydivines will learn the man too well to exposethemselves to his arm again. Let them sneerat him, and taunt him for his impertinence in assumingto be a man, or pronounce their religiouswoes upon him, within the safe enclosure of theirpulpits, if they will, but as they value their owncase and comfort, let them avoid grappling withhim, either with the pen or in debate. man Read Douglass's letter. Will those papers, whichso eagerly copied Cox's philippic, have the justiceto publish his reply? We shall see. FREEDERICK DOUGLASS AND DR. COX Many ofour readers doubtless remember a letter written byRev. Dr. Cox to the New-York Evangelist, duringhis recent visit to England, animadverting in verysevere terms upon the course pursued by FREDERICKDOUGLASS, the Fugitive Slave, in the World'sTemperance Convention. The letter was extensivelycopied by the press, and excited considerablefeeling. Douglass has felt called upon to reply,and we must confess, that, on the score of ability,style, temper and logic, his communication willnot suffer in comparison with that of his learnedand popular antagonist. We hope that the journals,which were so eager to give currency to theDoctor's assault, will do the runaway the justice topublish his reply, or at least the essential portionsof it. We have taken, and shall take no part inthe controversy, any farther than to see that thecolored man has fair play. The learned divine hastroops of friends and easy access to the popularear, while the negro suffers under the bitter prejudicesso universally charished against his racs.—New-York Tribune. REEDERICK OUGLASS R. OX REDERICK OUGLASS New-York Tribune. DR. COX AND FREDERICK DOUGLASS. The conocrvativereligious papers copied with great satisfactiona letter from Rev. Dr. Cox in regard to the conductof Frederick Douglass, the runaway slave, inthe World's Temperance Convention. Mr. Douglasshas replied. Whether they will copy this replyremains to be seen. They are very slow about it.Yet good judges do say that on the score of ability,style, temper and logic, the runaway has decidedlythe better of the learned Doctor of Divinity.—Chrenotype. R. OX REDERICK OUGLASS. conocrvative do Chrenotype. 
