 The time has arrived when empty declamation onthe evils of slavery, and angry denunciations ofslaveholders, no longer avail to excite public indignation,and have ceased to be the stalking horsealike of fanatical ambition and mercenary adventure.They never did avail to promote the cause ofemancipation, but rather verified to retard its progress,by precluding the co-operation to that end ofbenevolent slaveholders, without which the objectcannot be attained; unless, indeed, in the progressof time, the proportion of the races shall become reversed,and then only as the result of a servile insurrection,that shall terminate either in the exterminationof the blacks of the subjugation of the whites.The utter fruitlessness of the agitation at the Northas a means of extinguishing slavery, has become apparentto all. And in proportion as this agitationsubsides, we may expect other men, of at least equalbenevolence, and much more practical wisdom, toput their shoulders to the wheel; Southern men aswell as Northern; men who look at the subject inall its bearings. As an earnest of this state ofthings, we have read with much pleasure a series ofessays from the pen of Rev. Dr. Bangs, a leadingclergyman of the Methodist Episcopal Church, inwhich the advantages as well as the justice ofemancipation are demonstrated, and a plan for itsaccomplishment suggested. Although he had reflectedfrom publishing his thoughts respecting it,the evil being so thoroughly interwoven in the socialsystem of many of our States, that there was greathazard lest the effort to remove it should uptear alsothe foundations of the social fabric, confounding thegod and the bad in one common ruin. But nowthat the public mind, no longer agitated with the abolitionexcitement, has become calm enough tohearken to sober counsel, there is less motive fordelay, and less danger in action. As to the evil, of slavery, which indeed are eachas to be perceptible to the most superficial observer,he deems it of less importance to dwell, than on themethods to be adopted and pursued for their removal.By reference to the origin and history of slaveryin the United States, he demonstrate, that thewhole people thereof, as well in the free as in theslave States, are responsible for the evil, resultingfrom its establishment, and bound to co-operate inall prudent and practical measures for extirpating thesource from which they flow. The pecuniary profitsof the slave trade were nearly engrossed by theNorthern Colonists. From them proceeded the shipping,the men, and the capital requisite to conductthe horrid traffic; and we their descendants are nowenjoying the property derived from its prosecution.A very considerable portion of the substance we possesswas received in exchange for the progenitorsof those slaves that now cultivate the Southernplantations. Finding their labor comparatively profitlessat the North, our ancestor, exchanged themfor money, which they could employ profitably inthe various branches of business, but chiefly so inthe African slave trade. At length, the revoltingcruelty and inhumanity with which it was prosecuted,drew public attention to the iniquity of the traffic,and by the consent of nearly the whole civilizedworld, the African slave trade was declared to bepiracy punishable with death. The cessation of supplyenhanced the price of slaves in the markets ofthe South, and produced a gradual tendency in thatdirection, which soon resulted in reducing theirnumbers in the Northern States to a very small fractionof the population. Emancipation at the Northwas thus effected almost without pecuniary sacrifice,–an ample indemnity in money, in nearly all cases, havingbeen received therefor from the South. Therelative position of the North and South, therefore,in respect to slavery, is this: The North, after havingpartaken most largely in the profits of the slavetrade, holds its property free from the incumbranceof slavery, and in a manageable shape, to be employedas capital in such department of human industryas its proprietor may select. The South, onthe other hand, holds its property, in great part, inslaves; its lands have become sterile, and its peopledegenerate, under the curse of slave labor. Itgroans tinder the evils entailed upon it, but hithertohas found no remedy that would not aggravate itsmisery. Then comes the mockery of self-righteousexhortation from the North—'Emulate our virtuousexample, and rid the land of slavery.' 'Willingly,'is the reply, 'if you, from whom we bought ourslaves, will take the purchase off our hands, and relieveus of a bad bargain.' 'Such an act would bea recognition of the right of property in humanbeings,' rejoins the North, 'and that we cannot conscientiouslyassent to.' Although the view of the subject above presentedis not fully developed in the essays of Dr. Bangs, itseems to us to be a fair deduction from his assumedposition. The plan of emancipation proposed byhim is based on the obligation resting upon thewhole people of the United State, to effect it,—notby decrying the evil,—by exposing and condemningit.—but by a sacrifice of time and money, and by aconcentration of national effort, which alone are adequateto the removal of an evil so gigantic as slaveryis acknowledged to be. The application of thiseffort, however, must be directed with the greatestprudence and caution, to prevent the infringementof rights guarantied by the federal compact Thegovernment of the United States can exercise nojurisdiction over slavery as it exists in the States.Legislation on this subject belongs exclusively to theStates. Dr. Bangs proposes that Congress shall offerto the several State, a specific sum per head forevery slave that shall be emancipated,' leaving it tothe State legislatures respectively to adopt theirown measures for effecting the object—for fixingthe time, the age at, and the circumstances underwhich, emancipation shall take place.' The provisionapplicable to their condition should be made forthe nurture of the young and helpless, and for thesupport of the aged and infirm. The amount necessaryto remunerate the slave proprietors, Dr. Bangscomputes to be $400,000,000, estimating the numberof slaves at 4,000,000, (which is at least 1,000,000beyond the fact,) and their average value, of all agesand conditions, at $100 each; and be proposes thatCongress should raise the requisite amount, eitherby the levy of a tax, or by setting apart therefor theavails of the public lands. The constitutionality of this project, Dr. Bangsdeclines arguing; for he aver, that, if the right bewanting, it can be given to Congress in the way theConstitution prescribes by Article V. of that instrument.Hence we infer, that he would not urge itsexercise, save under circumstances of such generalconsent of public sentiment as would authorize amodification, if necessary, of the Federal Constitutionrequisite to that end. After all, the great difficulty in the case impossibility,at least, for the present, of bringing theminds of the people to assent to a project so vast, andapparently so costly. In its material features, theInject is not new, but has often been suggested andpondered by philanthropists. The time may comewhen public sentiment both North and South willsanction it, but at present the case is far otherwise.When the cause of emancipation shall become apervading matter of interest to the people; whenthey come to look upon slavery as a common calamity,to be removed by a joint effort and sacrificethroughout the country, the way will be open for theexecution of any such scheme as that under consideration.Meanwhile, as a step in the progress of themovement towards universal freedom, we regardwith great interest the course of  in Kentucky.Evidently there is a good work going onthere; and if Northern abolitionists can be keptquiet, we anticipate the happiest results. A correspondentof the New York Observer, writing fromFrankfort, after giving an account of the recent Conventionof the friends of gradual emancipation andcolonization in Kentucky, and the noble spiritof humanity and philanthropy there developed,adds—  'This movement is strictly of indigenous assign;it has not been promoted nor hastened, but, on thecontrary, has been retarded, for many long years, byforeign influences. 'And now, if you wish to crush it—if you wish toblast the opening bud before it shall fully bloom andfinally ripen into glorious fruit, gat up another abolitionexcitement at the North; send us abolition documents,or any kind of documents in the remotestmanner touching the subject of slavery; send us secretor open missionaries of emancipation and yourwork is done. But if you wish to aid us in this greatand glorious work, then cultivate and diffuse over thewhole free territory of the Union, the spirit which hasbeen exhibited in the New York Observer for the lasttwenty years, and your aid will be most gratefullyreceived, and he most effective in its influence. Ibeseech the people of the North to forbearance, andnon-interference, and non-agitation, by all the aspirationsthey feel for the universal freedom and elevationof the African race. Nothing can or will preventit, but such agitation and such interference, whichwill be as indignantly mot and spurned by the emancipationparty in Kentucky, as by any portion of itshigh-spirited and self-relying population.' 
