 The New York correspondent of the WashingtonUnion gives a brief but graphic sketch of theAnti-Slavery Convention which will be found annexed.Aboard and ridiculous as appears this strangemedley of ticisms and folly, it is he leaves whichis leavening the entire man of Northern society,and judging from the progress of events during thepast few years, but a brief period will intervene beforethe most  of these ally  will beundistinguishable  the great majority of the humanityof which they are members. But a fewyears since, and the opinions now entertained byMARTIN VAN BUREN and WILLIAM H. SUWARD,and made the basis of political action by a large andinfluential party, would have been stigmatized asfanatical and unconstitutional; and the suppositionthat such men as FILLMORE and COLLAMER wouldhave been elevated to the high places of the FederalGovernment, and by the aid of Southern votes,would have been considered as perfectly preposterous.     ARTIN AN UREN ILLIAM UWARD ILLMORE OLLAMER But to the correspondent's sketch of the AbolitionConvention:— 'The most remarkable effort was that of a dutylittle shrivelled up man, who, not content with abusingthe South, society, and the Christian church,whacked away with right hearty good will upon thepractices of his own companions, the Garrimonitas.The audience listened complacently enough to all thisbalderdash until he was pretty well into this branchif his speech. Then came the hisses, with whichthey occasionally vary their free discussions. Atlength a fat old lady, herself looking out of theeyes as if just cut of a lunatic asylum, waddled upto the foot of the platform, and pointing up to thespeaker, pronounced, in a shrill voice—'That man'scrazy.' This se tall the rest of the crazy folks in aroar. Indeed, such a collection of bedlamites Inever before saw out of asylums. Wendell Philipsand Garrison were present The latter is a veryordinary looking enthusiast, whose countenance andperson are redolent with the canting expression socommon to those who, in the North, live after thisfashion—on the gullibility of half-erased people.Mr. Phillips is a tall, gentlemanly-looking person,with thin light hair and blue eyes, apparently somethirty-seven or eight years of age, He has a finelydeveloped head, and an aristocratic turn of countenance,ill according with the ugly mugs of theblack spirits and white sprinkled around him. Hepossesses, undoubtedly, one of the first minds inNew England, though upon this subject the worldhas long since pronounced him as deranged as his colaborers,Abby Kelley and Lucretia Mott. Hisspeech was a dignified argument against slavery,sliding ely into the extravagances of which allsaid by the others was made up. He evidently appearedashamed of his company. The showing ofthis Society evinces that they are making no progress.' free  
