 The next annual meeting of the American Boardis to be held at Oswego,—the very focus of Abolitionismin New York. At that meeting will be decidedthe question, 'What shall be done with theChoctaw Mission?' This Mission has been greatlyblessed, and its churches comprise over 900 members.A few of these happen to be slaveholders.The missionaries themselves hire slave labor, beingunable to procure any other. These facts, havingbeen presented by one of the Secretaries of theBoard (Mr. Treat) at the last annual meeting inBoston, in that peculiar light which Abolitionistsknow how to cast upon every thing which has referenceto the question of slavery, gave rise to a warmdiscussion, from which it was manifest that therewas a wide difference of opinion among the members,as to the course pursued by the Choctaw missionaries,and also as to the doctrines set forth in Mr.Treat's report The subject was at length postponedto the next annual meeting, which, as wehave said, is to be held at Oswego, early in September.To this meeting, many of the members andfriends of the Board are looking forward with muchanxiety. As a means of avoiding a direct issue on the excitingquestions involved, which have already rent intwain two of the largest religious denominations inthe U. States, the new Congregational paper in thiscity (the Independent) recommends that the Missionbe at once transferred to the Missionary Board of thePresbyterian Church (Old School.) Says that paper— 'There appears to be a complete harmony of views,not only between the Choctaw Nation and the adjoiningslave Slates, but between the Choctaw churchesand the churches of those States, and between themissionaries and the Presbyterian ministry of theSouth-west. How obvious then is the solution of thedifficulty which has arisen in regard to the Choctawmission under the charge of the American Board!Can any reason be suggested why these missionariesshould not look for support to the Southern Presbyterianswith whom they are in sympathy on the greatquestion of the age, and who are their nearest neighbors,rather than to the Congregationalists and Presbyteriansof the North, who are a thousand miles offfrom them, and with whom they cannot sympathize onthat great question? Why should there not be atonce an amicable arrangement between the AmericanBoard and the Assembly's Board of ForeignMissions, by which the Mission shall be transferredfrom the one to the other?' The suggestion, it seems to us, is a good one. Ifcarried into effect, it will permit the mission to goon as it has hitherto been conducted, and produce,we trust, the same blessed fruits, while at the sametime it will enable any whose consciences are troubledby what has been done, to abstain henceforthfrom a repetition of the crime. crime. Unless the above course is adopted, we see noother alternative but either that the Mission must besustained on its present basis by the present Board,(in which case the Abolitionists will make it an occasionof much mischief,) or be 'cut off,' in whichcase it is safe to presume that it will be taken up bya Secession from the present Board and its contributors,and carried on as it has heretofore been. Theexpense is only $5000 to $6000 a year. But such aSecession would on various ground, be much to bedeplored, and we trust there will be wisdom enoughin the Board to forestall and prevent it. While on this subject, we beg to offer a singlesuggestion. Hitherto, the American Board has beena purely missionary body, and has confined its effort,to the spread of the gospel among the heathen,including the North American Indians, sometribe, of whom (and the Choctaw, are one of them)have, chiefly through missionary efforts, become morethoroughly Christianized than the average populationof New England. It has steered clear of the Shibbolethsof sectarianism, and the spasms of altruism.None of our religious benevolent societies seemedto have less real connexion with slavery, or less occasionto be drawn into any controversy concerningit. But the Abolitionists were determined that itshould be dragged in, if it would not come voluntarily.They began by objecting to the receipt ofmoney from slaveholders for the spread of the gospel;and more recently, by the discovery that thirtyeightslaveholding Indiana among the Choctawshave been converted and admitted to the Missionchurches, together with one hundred slaves, has furnishedmaterial for a new onset. But we are makingour story too long. The suggestion which we wishedto offer is this: that as the Board at its meeting inBrooklyn, two or three years ago, adopted resolutionson the subject of slavery which proved to be generallysatisfactory to the friends of missions, it would bea dangerous experiment now to abandon its conservatism,and resolve itself into an Abolition Society.As surely as it takes such a course, it will alienatemany of its best friends and largest contributors. Thepublic have had an opportunity to see the strength ofthe Abolition faction, and in the separate organizationwhich they formed a few years since, and whichis still in existence. Its receipts are very small,and it has hard work to keep its machinery in motion.—New York Journal of Commerce. dragged New York Journal of Commerce. 
