 The Richmond Enquire (Democratic) uses thefollowing language:— Enquire 'Among the fair but false and fatal theories of theday, none attracts so much homage as the 'SquatterSovereignty' courtezan. There is none so radiantwith meretricious charms, none so ready with deceitfulpromise, and none so sure to cover its victimwith shame and reproach. The sovereignty of the people is a noble principle,and should command universal homage.—'Squatter Sovereignty' is an imposture, a counterflet copy,an ugly idol wrought by man's hands,and should be kicked off the pedestal where it sitsin mock majesty, and counts the adoration of FOOLSand Demagogues. We cannot conceive how any doubt can ariseas to the full, perfect, unlimited, and sovereignpower of the Federal Government over the Territoryof Kansas as the agent or trustee of the existingStates. By the purchase from Louisiana, andthe subsequent extinction of the Indian titles, theterritory became ours to dispose of and governas we pleased, for the common benefit of all theStates. The States can only exercise their soversignadministrative and governmental rightsthrough the instrumentality of the Federal Government.The writers on national law, it is true,affix this limit to the exercise of such powers,'that no nation has a right to keep unsettled alarge and fertile domain.' This is, however, merespeculative morality, which can never become apractical question between civilized nations.' The following remarks, from the ConcordPatriot, close an article speaking of the politicalclergymen of the day, and the impudence withwhich they insult their hearers, on the Sabbath. 'There are hundreds of such political priestsnow living upon the bounty of Democrats andlaw-abiding citizens. Such teachers of treasonand advoates of violence and bloodshed oughtnot to be countenanced by those who desire thepeace of the country, and the supremacy of thelaws: they should be frowned upon by every sincerefriend of the Constitution and the Union. Noclergyman who preaches the 'Kill-'em' doctrine—no one who preaches in favor of the Kansans rebellionno one who prostitutes his pulpit to the basopurposes of Black Republican agitators, should receivea dollar from Democrats for his support.Let Democrats every where withdraw their contributionsfor the support of these men, and but fewof them would continue in this course. This is theonly effectual remedy, and we hope to see it appliedthoroughly.'  
