 CAMP CAROLINA, K.T. May 25, 1856. AMP AROLINA Dear -:—I arrived here last night from Lawrence,our expected battle ground. We had noarms. We took one twelve found mounted howitthree small cannons, and some few Sharpe'srides; though at leant one thousand Sharpe's rifleswere either moved or buried. We destroyed twoprinting offices and the hotel built by the Aid Society;it was a perfect fort; the top was filledwith port holes, and had they the bravery, twohundred men could have defended the town againstone thousand, but the cowards deserted the town.The women only were brave; they maintainedtheir honor by remaining in town, and had thebaldness to tell us that they could not be made toleave it. Our party numbered about five hundred;at least two hundred and fifty of them were Carolinians—and we had the honor of planting ourbanner the first upon the trenches of the city ofLawrence. It also waved over the Herald of Freedomoffice and the hotel.  Lieutenant Andrews, of our company, has hisarm badly wounded by hurting of a musket,and young Burt, son of Ex-Governor Burt, of Nebraska,was wounded in the head, not badly; heis well now. We have not lost a man, only bysickness. Two of our company died at Westport,Missouri. Eight or nine Abolitionists were killedat Lawrence. We have Brown, the editor of theHerald of Freedom. here, a prisoner. He is to betried for treason, and if not hung, the boys willnever allow him to get off. Robinson, the bogusGovernor, is in custody—he is bound to hungReeder has escaped so far. we had miller; he isfrom Chester District, and has been publishing anabolition paper here—he was tried for his life, butwas not convicted. Every man I meet is armed tothe teeth, he claims to be a freesoiler, wetake his arms from him. I saw Hamilton Hardyand David Fleming at Lawrence; they areboth well. James Waddell has gone to Atchison,with the Charleston company. I leave with asquad of twenty mounted men for Hickory Pointdirectly. The pro-slavery men were run fromthere night before last by the Yankees. Truly yours, &. 
