 This den had no windows by which people couldlook in, or see or the light of the sun enter—onlya row of glass like a steamboat skylight thirty-fivefeet above the floor. It was the nearest representationof the 'black hole' in Calcutta, and likethat hole had well nigh become notorious for asimilar catastrophe. The little panes of glassabove were hung on pivots, and turned flat to letin air. A rain came on, drove into the den: andto exclude it, the panes were turned up. Smothering!smothering! was the cry in the den; andthe glass had to be turned up again. Over thisplace was a small box for the admission of spectators,its approach barricaded and guarded, andentrance only obtained upon tickets from the samepacked committee—and to whom they gave ticketswas seen when the first votes were given for Buchanan;and when each State that voted for himwas hissed—even Virginia; and the hissing onlystopped by a threat to clear the galleries. Suchis the pass to which the nomination of President isnow brought. Citizens! I have told you of the attempt to killoff Mr. Buchanan in the Convention under the two-thirdsrule: there was another attempt, of a differentkind, to do the same thing. It was with aplatform—a patibulary structure — with a ropeover the head, and a trap-door under the feet—and so contrived that if he got on it, he was strungup in the North; if not, he was laid out in theSouth. His friends found out the game, and determinedto mount it, be it what it might. Theysaid the President does not swear to platforms, butto the Constitution; and, besides, it is lawful tofight fire with fire. It was concocted by the oldjanissaries, and produced at the moment the ballotingwas to commence—so as to make disorder inthe ranks; but the trick failed. It was receivedin a tempest of emulous applause, and extolled tothe skies. I asked one of the most vociferous ofthese applauders, how he could swallow such stuff.He answered promptly, 'As I do ipecac! to puke itup again!' It was a New Yorker, of course, whogave that naive answer; and I am sure his stomachwould feel the cleaner after the relief. As I do ipecac! to puke itup again! naive Citizens! this business of making platforms is anew invention, unknown to the old democracy, whohad no platform but the Constitution—no aim butthe public good; and they are generally the workof demagogues who have no thought of the Constitution—no thought of the country—no thought ofanything but to get office, and keep it—changingfor that purpose with every change of administration—and swearing to every creed that rune anhour. It has been my prerogative to kick overthese platforms. I was bred in a political schoolin which they were unknown. The Constitutionwas the only platform known in my school—andthe only one to which I swear. If one is madebeyond the Constitution, it is surplussage; ifshort of the Constitution, it is defective; if differentfrom the Constitution, it is void; if the same,it is superfluous. In any event, then, these platformsare, to me, useless—to many, pestiferous—to their authors, stocked-cards, which they throwaway when the game is won. We have a fair nomination for the Presidency, aman who can be nationally elected, and whose aimsmust be national. He will need support. He isnot going to repose on a bed of roses, but ratheron the thorny pillow. Our country is in a deplorablecondition. Fraternal affection gone—sectionalhate engendered—extreme parties in the ascendant.Violence overspreads the land; we open nopaper without seeing blood. The whole countryseems to be without government, and the territoriesare so: Kansas in civil war; Utah in revolt;New Mexico worse off than under the Spanish viceroyalty;Oregon carrying on Indian ware for itself;and a State—California—driven to the resourceof voluntary associations of citizens for theprotection of life, liberty and property. The present administration, in violating sacredcomprises, is the author of all the violence anddisorders which overspread the land. I foresawand foretold it at the time: and strived against it.Prevention was my remedy; that having failed, acure of the disease must be attempted. The peoplehave rightly judged that the authors of the diseaseare not physicians to cure it. They havecalled in a new doctor, and we must help him inthe application of all the remedies he shall prescribe.(!!!) 
