 NEW BURGH-ON-THE-HUDSON, May 28, 1856. EW BURGH-ON-THE UDSON I cannot write for the Independent * on any of myusual topics this week. Art and Literature, Natureitself, seem to me the veriest vanities andshadows. I cannot look at my pictures, nor readmy books; my eye wanders, listens and unpleased,over this hourly miracle of the river and thesky, over the flowers and trees that everywherebad and bloom. Independent * 'All is bat toys: renown and grace is dead,The wins of life is drawn, and the mere leesIs left this vault to brag of.' Worse than all. I shrink to-day, and these manydays, from my fellow-men: for I feel like a slaveamong slaves and dread lest this wide-spread cowardiceand desertion may make me, also, craven. It is a bitter grief to be ashamed of my country,and to see that in a disgraceful emergency,God gives us no Man meet for the Hour. It isshame upon shame to know that so many yearsof the enjoyment of liberty have brought forth onlythis mean fruit; that no attack upon the dearestrights of freemen, however open, however bold,however infamous, can stir us to any manly action.For a little while, indeed, the North fretsand fumes—for a little while she rants and blusters—and then grows cool. Words are but wind.and the silence of cowards is better than the boastof cowards. If we can do nothing, let us say nothing. No ridicule that the Southern men can heapupon us, in this regard, is the least exaggerated.Say what we will, writhe under it as we will, allis true. The South is master of the North, andwill subdue us. The North is afraid of the South.Have I not seen, has not every Northern man seen,how, year after year, tameness and servility andcompromise have come to infest all professionsand all classes of society? Ever since the Republicwas founded, the Southerners have gone on,step by step, slowly but surely, to their final victory.Those who have stood upon the watch-towers,and seen their forces advancing, not in stealth, notin silence, but with music and banners, and songsof triumph, have been scoffed at and ridiculed.The clear prophecies of Garrison and Phillips havebeen laughed to scorn. The troth on which theyfirst took their stand, and which they have neverabandoned, namely—'that this Union most bedissolved, that there can be no real Union betweenthe North and the South, between Slaveholders andFreemen'—this truth we must, sooner or later, accept.Skulking nor honestly-meant compromiseswill not shield us, will not help us. We cannotserve God and Mammon, and that is what theAmerican people has been foolishly trying to dofor the last eighty years. It is in vain that webeat about the bush, trying this and that expedient,trusting in politicians, in the influence oftime, in compromises, in every quack medicineoffered, to cure our disease, by silly or designingmen. A separation from the South is the one onlycure for this otherwise mortal sickness which eatsus like a cancer, and we rejoice to have heard, withinthe last few days, men every where speak of itas a thing to be desired. It was always a bugbear,never to be dreaded by any but these Southrons,who would lose in us their protector, their teacher,the very supporter of their lives. It is only byits connection with the North, that the South hasbeen able, for these many years, to pass musteramong civilized nations; for in the light of Northernindustry, thrift, intensity, morality and respectability,the ignorance, laziness, improvidenceand wide-spread licentiousness of the South, alicentiousness spreading among all classes of society,and fouler than any other nation under thesun, have been overlooked or forgotten. In allhistory, I cannot find an instance of any people soshiftless, so immoral, and so ignorant, that hasbeen able to stand alone. No more terrible soundcould strike Southern ears, than the voice ofNorthern men demanding a dissolution of theUnion. Yet, by an ingenious system of tactics,they have made us believe, ever since the firstNorthern voice was lifted against slavery, that itis the North, and not the South, that will sufferby such a separation! We have been deluded,and the South has laughed in her sleeve at oursimple-minded folly. will I say the South would dread such a separationnow; but she is steadily preparing for it in the future.All this long story of crime and double-dealing,which stains our national reputationin these base latter days—the foray upon Mexico, theRepeal of the Missouri Compromise, the invasionof Nicaragua, the attempts to seize Cuba—are theslow moves by which the South approaches hercheckmate. She is sure of her game, and sheplays it with a master hand. Already she has securedKansas by force, and Nicaragua; next shewill have Cuba and California. Then she will reestablishthe African slave trade, supported byNorthern ships and Northern money, and, havingplanted firm the feet of her Confederacy of Damnation,she will dissolve her Union with the North,and make her own terms in the bargain. Thatthis is her aim, I do not doubt every clear-headedstatesman at the North sees, and has long seen,and that every honest statesman at the South, ifthere be such a thing in existence, will frankly admitAnd when our Fall comes, as come it surelywill, unless we now repent and break these accursedbonds, it will be the legitimate result of asystem of policy founded by the signing of the Constitution—a system by which religion is separatedfrom politics, placed under different laws, andwhich declares that the worship of God and Mammonis not only possible, but landable now; Meanwhile, we who sit at home watching therising and setting of this cloud, so bigger then aman's hand, are sick at heart whew we see thecowardice of the North in this terrible crisis.—For it is not possible to put any confidence inwords, even when uttered at moister meetings andI reëchoed by millions of men. Always, in everyhistory, men who have meant to act, hare nevertalked. This foaming at the mouth seems to be abad omen. Our rage is impotent. I mistrust thepluck, say, I mistrust the will, of those who hearof such outrages as these of Kansas and Washington,and say, 'Do that again, and see! again What! my countrymen, do you then read History,and keep sacred the Fourth of July, and willyou he blind to the fact that, compared with curs,the fathers of this Republic had no persecution whatever!None, absolution! The American Revolutionwas a mean two-peony struggle for so muchpocket advantage, compared to this percent battlefor the dearest rights of man, which to-day loomsin the horizon, and which we vainly strive to wardoff. Our fathers, brave and wise seen, saw thegreatness of the principles involved in the meancircumstances of duty on stamps and tea; but we,after eighty years of liberty and edition, havenot the wit to are when the very life-principle ofthe Republic is attacked openly and without subterfuge,nor the courage to resist when our eyesare opened. No man who has watched the politicalhistory of this country but perceives that thisstorm, which we congratulate ourselves upon havingraised, is temporary, and will pass away withoutresult, like nil the other storms. We ought tohave done with this praising of other men's braveryuntil we can show ourselves to be brave. Thebones of dead heroes are stirred when slaves chanttheir praises. I say, and the Future will say, thatif we suffer these insults to pass unavenged. BunkerHill and Lexington were baptized with blood invain; the name of our country becomes a hissingand a by-word; it is a disgrace to bean Americancitizen. compared with curs,the fathers of this Republic had no persecution whatever! Think seriously of it. Mark first the wrong,then the way in which this unparalleled atrocity—the outrage upon Sumner—has been applaudedand rewarded in all the South, its author feasted,feted, and made the recipient of lavish favorsand congratulatory addresses. Southern women,meet wives for such men, applaud the deed. Governorsof States applaud it and all the journalsapplaud it. Then turn to the North, and markhow, with the exception of three men— Wilson.Wade and Foster—every Senator, every Representative,has cowered before these bullies.The President—the meanest ruffian of them all—has uttered no word of sympathy, has not evengone through the formality of an inquiry as tothe health of the wounded man, and that mana Senator. The two Houses have exhibited onthis occasion a spectacle of cowardice, brutalityand meanness, which must make the blood of everyman at the North tingle in his veins. Not onemanly word has escaped Seward or Hale. Theyhave been as dumb as the South could have demanded.I think Mr. Seward especially deservesthe condemnation of every Northern man; but thatwere little to what he must feel in his own heartfor having let slip one of the most glorious opportunitiesto speak that ever offered itself to any man onany occasion! An opportunity to speak wordsthat would have made the wide world ring again!Oh God! which of us, dumb and private men, unableto speak fitly, if once allowed, but has prayedfor such a chance as Seward threw away! Webb, also, had an opportunity to speak bravewords, and to chastise Brooks—that cowardly poltroon—with plain, blunt speech, fit for a man touse, stripping bare all the baseness of him andhis peers—but he forbore. Advised of what wasexpected of him, he tamely bowed his head to theyoke, and wrote a long circumspect letter, alludingto this fellow only in the most distant manner, and,as a fit reward for his servility, sits silent under therebuke of his approbation. Approved by Brooks!Approved by the South! What unspeakable degradation! But I waste words. In this fearful crisis, onehope is left us,—the hope that the people of theNorth will see the jeopardy in which they stand,and will look Disunion calmly in the face. Letthose of us who feel this wrong throw away thesemiserable party divisions, and, lifting up oureyes to that Heaven where Liberty, the daughterof God, stands forever by her Father's throne,strike in her name, and but one blow! strike CLARENCE COOK. *The Independent, to whished Ms. Cask is regularcontributor. rejected this letter, and it  therefore,the Standard.—E. STANDARD. *The Independent, to whished Ms. Cask is regularcontributor. rejected this letter, and it  therefore,the Standard.—E. STANDARD. Independent  .  TANDARD. 
