 Extracts from T.H. BENTON'S speech at St. Louis:CINCINNATI CONVENTION AND ITS COHORT Of POLITICALEUNUCHS. ENTON'S I went to Cincinnati to be near that convention—the first one I ever approached. I went to seehow things were done, and to assent a little at asafe nomination. I found a garrison of office—holdersinside of the convention, and a besieging armyof the same gentry on the outside of it. Packeddelegates were there, sent to betray the people.—Straw delegates were there, coming from the Stateswhich could give no democratic vote. Members ofCongress were there, although forbid by their dutiesfrom being at such a place. A cohort of office-holderswere there, political eunuchs in the federalsystem, incapable of voting for the smallest federaloffice, yet sent there by the administration toimpose a President upon the people. It was a scandalous collection, excluded by theConstitution from being even electors of the President,and yet sent here to vote for the administration—and to vote upon the principle of the ox thatknoweth his master's crib—upon the principle ofthe ask that knoweth the hand that feedeth him.Bullies were there from the Custom House and theFive Points in New York—all with she approbationof the administration; for the office-holders wouldnot be there, (absent from their duties, and drawingtheir pay.) without the consent of their employers.It was a scandalous collection. The membersof Congress were in the double breach of theirduties. They were neglecting their legislative duties,and doing what they bad been interdicted from doing. Thirty years ago, the nomination of presidentialcandidates was taken from Congress on account ofthe corruption which it engendered, and given todelegates, intended to be fresh from the people, andto obey their will; and the nomination removedfrom Washington to Baltimore, to get out of thereach of president-making members. But thesemembers followed to Baltimore, getting proxiesfrom some Delegate when they could get no appointmentfrom the people; sad to get rid of them,to got entirely beyond their reach, the Conventionitself was removed from Baltimore to Cincinnati. Vain effort to escape them. They followed on toCincinnati. They broke up Congress to get to thisforbidden place. Sorely the new President willbe very hard-bonneted if he does not remember thenwhen he comes to the distribution of . FromWashington city came a new corps, never beforeput upon snob service—the office-solders in thecity, clerks in the departments—heads of bureaus—men who have no vote fat any federal election—political hybrids, unable to act a man's part inany election, but sent to Cincinnati, as a life-guard,to support the administration.  Such was the composition of nearly one-half ofthe whole convention—custom-house officers, postmasters,salaried clerks, packed delegates, strawdelegates, political eunuchs, members of Congress,district a federal . The place bewhich they met, and which bed been pro bya packed administration committee, was worthy ofthe meriting. it was a sort of don, approachedby a long narrow passage,  by doors, each door ga by armed  withorders to knock down any person that without a  from the committee—and a specialorder to be prepared with name to  theMissouri dele which same to as—a rep which they attempted and not themselvesknockout down and .               
