 CITEZENS—In all the great acts of the life of apeople, it incomes the duty of the government tomake its voice be heard by the nation. ITEZENS You are about to accomplish the greatest act ofthe life of a people; to choose the representativesof the country; to produce from your consciencesand you suffrages, not a more government, but anentire constitution. You are going to organizationRepublic. For our part, we have only proclaimed it. Carriedby acclamation to power during the interregnumof the people, would not wish, and we do notnow wish, for any other dictatorship but that ofabsolute necessity. If we had refused the post ofperil, we should have been cowards. If we shouldremain in it one hour more than necessity commands,we should be usurpers. You alone arestrong. We count the days we hasten to giveback the republic to the nation. The provisional election law which we havemade is the widest that in any national the earthhas ever convoked a people to the excise of thesupreme right of man, his own sovereignty. Theelection belongs to all, without exception. Fromthe date of this law, there are no more subjects atFrance. Every Frenchman of side age is a politicalcitizen. Every citizen is all elector. Everyelector is sovereign. The law is equal and absolutefor all. There is no citizen who can say toanother, 'You are more sovereign than I'. Contemplateyour power. Prepare to exercise it, andbe worthy of entering into possession of yourreign. The reign of the people is called the republic. If you ask us what republic we understand bythis word, and what principles, what politics, whatvirtue, we desire in the republicans whom you aregoing to elect?—we answer, Regard the people ofParis and of France since the proclamation of theRepublic'. The people have fought with heroism.The people have supreme anarchy from the firsthour. The people has itself, immediately after thecombat broken the weapon of its just anger; it hasburnt the scaffold. It has proclaimed the abolitionof the punishment of death against its enemies.It has respected individual liberty by notproscribing any one. It has respected consciencein religion, which it wishes to be free, but whichit wishes to be without inequality and withoutprivileges. It has respected property, has pushed probity tothose instances of sublime disinterestedness whichare the admiration and the charm of history. Ithas chosen every where, in order to place them atits head, the names of the most honest and theforemost men who have fallen under its hand. Ithas not uttered a cry of bathed or envy against fortunes.Not a cry of vengeance against persons.It has made, in one word, of the name of the people,the name of courage, of clemency and of virtue.We have not a single instruction to give youinspire yourselves with the people; imitate it.Think, feel, vote, act like it. For its own part, theprovisional government will not imitate the governmentswhich are usurpers of the sovereignty of thepeople, which would corrupt the electors, andwhich would buy at an immoral price the conscienceof the country. clemency What would be the good of succeeding to thoseGovernments, if it were only to imitate them?What would be the good of having created andadored the Republic, if the Republic were to enterfrom first day of its existence into the track ofthe abolished royalty? It considers it as one of itsduties to throw over the operations of the electionthat light which enlightens conscience without pp-pressing it. It limits itself to the neutralizing ofthe hostile influence of the old administration.which has perverted and destroyed the right ofelection. The Provisional Government wish thatthe consciences of the public should sign. It doesnot disquiet itself with the old parties. The oldparties have grown older by an age in three days!The republic will convince them, if it be sure andjust to them. Necessity is a great master. Therepublic, know it well, has the happiness to be agovernment of necessity. Reflection is for us. Itis impossible to return to the impossible royalties.No one wishes to descend to unknown anarchy. We shall be republished by reason. Give only security,liberty, and respect for all; insure so othersthe independence of suffrage which you wish foryourselves. Do not notice what names thosewhom you believe to be your enemies, write uponthe bulletins, and be sure beforehand that they willwriter the only name that twill save them; that is toany, that of a capable and lowest republican. Security,liberty, respect for the consciences of allcitizens who are electors; that is the attention ofRepublican Government, that is its duty, that isours. That is the safety of the people! Haveconfidence in the good sense of the country. Itwill have confidence in you. Give it liberty andwill give you back the Republic. Citizens! France is attempting at this movement—in the midst of some financial difficulties,bequeathed to her by royalty—but, under provi-dential auspices, the greatest work of moderntimes,, the foundaton of the government of the entirepeople—the organization of the Democracy—the Republic of all rights, of all interests, of all theintelligences, and of all the virtues! Circumstancesare propitious. Peace is possible. The newidea may be able to take its place in Europe. withoutany perturbation but that of the prejudiceswhich people have against it. There is no angerin the minds of the people. If the fugitive royaltyhas not carried away with it all the enemies of theRepublic, it has left them powerless; and althoughthey are invested with all the right which the Republicguarantees to minorities, this interest andtheir prudence insure to us that they will notthemselves trouble the peaceable foundation of thepopular constitution. In three days that work, which it was thoughtwas postponed to distant uses, had been accomplishedwithout a drop of blood being guilt inFrance, without any other cry but that of admirationbeing heard in our departments, or on orfrontiers. Let us not lose this unique, occasion inhistory. Let us not the greatest force ofthe new idea—the security which it inspires in cit-izens the astonishment which it inspires is theworld. Yet a few days of magnanimity, of devotion,of patience, and the National Assembly will receivefrom our hands the new-born republic.From that day, all will be saved. When the nationby the hands of its representatives, shall haveseized the republic, the republic will be strong andgreat, like the nation; holy, like the idea of thepeople; impressible, like the country. (patrie.) patrie. The members of the Provisional Government;Dupont (de l'Eure,) Lamartine Marrast, GarnierPages, Albert, Marie, Ledru Rollin, Flocen, Cremisux.Louis Blane, Arago. The Secretary, General—Paguerre. 
