 An interesting meeting of this Society was heldat Plympton, on the first and second inst, in CaptJ.T. Etha's hall; and in the absence of the Presidentthe chair was taken by Lewis Ford, of Abington The Society was addressed in a feeling and spiritedmanner by 8 May, Jr. L. Moody, L. Ford, R. Thayer,and the most marked attention paid to theremarks of the several speakers. At 10 o'clock, P.Mthe Society adjourned to Sunday morning, at 10'o'clock. SUNDAY SESSION UNDAY ESSION The Society assembled pursuant to adjournment,Bourne Spooner, of Plymouth, in the chair. Notwithstanding the views entertained by the religiouspublic in regard to the improperly of preaching deliveranceto the captive on the first day of the week,this session of the Society was fully attended by theindustrious yeomanry of Plympton, and the most intelligentof her citizens, thus proving that the scepteris departing from Judah. Portions of Scripture were read, and prayer offeredby S. May, Jr., after which the Business Committeereported the following resolutions. Resolved, That the Church which supports or excusesSlavery, or which is silent concerning it, orwhich exerts its influence to cripple and destroythe Anti-Slavery movement, is false to the work andthe spirit of Christ, and cannot be his Church. Resolved Resolved, That the charges industriously propagatedagainst the abortionists, of aiming to overthrowthe Church of Christ, while it has not a shadowof support does yet expose the cowardice andweakness of those whop make it, because it theywere conscious of belonging to Christ church,they would have no fear that it could be overt brown. Resolved Resolved, That those who appropriate Sabbathto efforts for the moral elevation and improvement ofman, make the most Christian use of that day, andthey, only, evince a sincere faith in the Saviour'sassertion, that the Sabbath was made for man, andnot man for the Sabbath. Resolved Resolved, That our sympathies and efforts, thoughexerted mainly in behalf of the victims of oppressionon our own soil, are not confined to any particularlocation, but are co-extensive with the humanrace; and we hail with joy, as the first fruits of therecent revolution in France, the preparatory decreeof its Provisional Government for the abolition ofslavery throughout its entire dominoes. Resolved Resolved, That we are greatly encouraged in ourlabors for the overthrow of slavery and the establishmentof universal freedom, by the thick comingsigns of progress now greeting us from the oldworld—the abolition of slavery by Great Britain,Austria, Tunis, Egypt, Denmark, France—and bythe progress of free principles is Italy, Austin, Russia,Holland, Bavaria, and every other nation andto be in Europe; and we again call upon the peopleof the oppressed go greet, 'that by speedy repentance ofthe tool sin of slavery, they may be no longer astench in the nostrils of the civilized world. Resolved Resolved, That we tender our cordial sympathiesto those reformers in France who have nobly commencedthe work of political regeneration by abolishingslavery, and recognizing as the corner-storeof their republican edifice, the inalienable right ofman to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness;and we trust the glorious watch words of the newrepublic—Liberty, Equality, Fraternity—will not bemore rhetorical flourishes,' but words of life andfreedom to the whole people Resolved Resolved, That since the South has new a majorityin the Senate of the United States, and the physicaland moral force of the nations pledged by theConstitution to the support of Slavery, the onlyremedy for the non-slaveholding States from thecrimes and curses of slavery, is in immediate sessionfrom the Union. Resolved The above resolutions called forth a very interestingdiscussion, in which Messrs. May, Moody, Ford,Brown, Perkins, Thayer, Leach, Spencer, Washburn,and others, participated. A report was newmade, that the Orthodox church could be find, inwhich to held an evening session. The Society accordinglyadjourned at 4 o' clock, P.M., to meet in Rev. Mr. Dexler's church. CLOSING SESIONS. LOSING ESIONS. The society met, according to adjournment, in theOrthodox church. On calling the meeting to order,the house was found to be well filled by an electiveand intelligent audience. Pertinent and feeling remarkswere made by S. May, Jr, L. Moody, and W.W. Brows,to which the most marked attention waspaid, with the exception of a few boys, who echoedthe pre-slavery religious feeling of the place. religious The committee on the place of holding the manualmeeting reported that it be Holden in Hingham. Voted, That the thanks of the Society be presentedto the Orthodox society for the opening of theirhouse Amount collected by the finance committee, $14,55-$6,50of which was paid over to the Mans. A.SSociety. We cannot close our report without speaking ofthe hospitality, free and open-heartens, extended tous, and manifested towards the Society, by ourfriends is Plympton. We Gratefully return toMessrs. Perkins, Hervey, Curtis, Morton, and Washburn,our warmest thanks. The Society will everremember, with pleasure, their late quarterly meetingat Plymyton; we consider it one of the very bestheld by us; and this happy result we attributeto the co-operation of our friends in that peaceableand quiet town. At 10 O' clock, P.M. the societyadjourned sine dis. H.H. BRIGHAM, Sec'y. So. Abington, April 9, 1848 
