 BOSTON CHRISTIAN FREEMAN. The Rev. SylvanusCobb has long born industriously and speciallyabusive of us, and our anti-slavery coadjutors, inhis misnamed 'Freeman;' but wallet him pass withouta word in reply, until a recent number of theLiberator, when we took occasion to settle the accounton a summary manner. He copies our briefrejoinder, and then makes a reply to it just six timesas long—at the close of which, he hopes use shallpublish his 'scribblings' as he truthfully describesthem, in no other part of our paper, at least in the'Refuge of Oppression'. His instruct compels himto signify the department which he ought to occupyin the Liberator, if any. It is true that we publishin the 'Refuge,' many low, weak, defamatory,Venomous, abominable articles, from week to week,to exhibit the spirit that animates our opponents;but sometimes we find articles too mean and contemptibleeven for the department. OSTON HRISTIAN REEMAN. As a specimen of his reverence for the truth, hesays—' Mr. Garrison regards Christian ministry,religious, church and society organization, the institutionof the Sabbath, and a belief in revealed religionas superadded to natural religion, as the prevailingsins of the age.' There is a scriptural passagewhich declares that 'all hare shall have theirpart in the lake which burneth with fire brimstone!as it the Universal interpretation whichMr. Cobb given in this passage which enables himto ideal in falsehood so extensively? The files of theLiberator are at his service to sustain his charge, ifhe can, by quotations from our writings. All ourreaders know—hot no one better than Mr. Cobbhimself—that, in condemning the American clergyand the church, as we have found frequent occasionsto do within the last twenty years, we havearraigned them not for their Christian, but for theiranti-Christian conduct and position; that one changesagainst them have been based upon incontrovertiblefacts; and that our measurement of them hasbeen invariably the Christian standard. As tothe 'institution of the Sabbath' we sincerely behaveit to have been purely Jewish, in common withmultitudes of the purest and best men in church historyand as to the observance of the first day ofthe week as the Sabbath we know there is not aparticle of proof, in support of it, to be found on theNew Testament. As to a belief in revealed religionbeing regarded by as 'a prevailing sin of theage,' (") as he declares, we challenge Mr. Cobb toquote the article, paragraph, sentence, or word, fromour writings, that in the most distant manner war rentssuch an opinion. We believe that we haveset to write the first syllable on the suggest of 'revealedreligion,' as a mailer of independent investigationWhat confidence can we place in a manwho deals in such wholesale misrepresentations. prevailingsins of the age. In the spirit of priestly cowardice, having attackedTHEODORE PARKER as an infidel, in the 'Freeman,'with great bitterness and asperity, he refused to allowwas written by a brother Universalistic energy man.That reply we published in the Liberator, solely becauseit was unjustly excluded from the Freemanand not because we wished to take any part in thecontroversy expressing the opinion on that the one-sided course pursued by Mr. Cobb was ungentlemanlyand unchristian. This roused his ire and hehas continued to writhe ever since like a bruisedserpent. He new says—'We told him [Mr. Garrion]personally at he was found to publish ouroffence, and he promised to attend to it; but thehandsome thing has never by him been done. Nowhis may not be a fiction, because it is a matter ofmemory, but we can only say that we have not the.digests ten of ever holding any personalconversation with Mr. Cobb on the subject or makinghim Amy such profane as he represents. HEODORE ARKER A few days since, a bright looking mulatto, 25 or30 years stout of age built, and about the ordinarybought, called upon us to aid him in getting somesecondary assistance with which to redeem his motherout of bondage, who, heard, was living in Marylandand whose master was willing to sell here. Tomove his statement to no other creden-tials than the flowing, which, at a single glance,convinced us that he was an impudent impostor.The first was panted, and the second written in astyle 'Judas Aimes' was doubtless intended forJulius R. Ames well known for his philanthropicand reformatory spirit:— ordinary March 25th, 1848 DEAR FRIENDS,—I take on my pen in hand to informyou that I am well at present, and hope thatthese few lines may find you enjoying the samegood health. I now recommend our friend WinHalyard to you he is a trying to raise money to buyhis mother. From a better he has from has in other'sMaster, we find that they are all honest and true;therefore. He has already received 125 dollars,and I have it in my hands; We have done all thatwe can do at present. Win Halyard has lived inour city off and on for four years, and his charactera good and pure; he belongs to the Wesley Churchin Syracuse. I hope you will do the best you canfor him, and if he has a desire to go to Boston, I hopeyou will give him a letter to some of the friendsthere—you need not be already of him for he is agood man. EAR REV. SAMUEL J. MAYE, Syracuse, N.Y. Apel the 6 1848. Dear sir take this opportunity to inform you I amwell at present and I hope these few lines may findyou enjoying same good health. I refers a letterfrom brother Maye in relation to the Halyard tryingto raise money to bay his mother and we have raisefor him $25 dollars and I hope you will take an interestin their cause excuse the writing. JULIUS AIMES Albany N Y We told this Halyard that his documents werepalpable forgeries; but he coolly instead that theyput into his hands by Mr. May and Mr. Armen!He was admonished not to attempt to collect anymore money, as he would assuredly be advertisedis an impostor. We immediately wrote to Mr. May,giving him the particulars of this case, and the followingto his reply:— SYRACUSE, April 10, 1848 YRACUSE MY DEAR FRIEND Y EAR RIEND I have heard of Jack Halyard, in a famous old seesong—but as to William Halyard I know nothingof him, excepting that he most be an abominable liar,of by the Rev Samuel J. Maye is meant my humbleself. As you know, I never prefix a Rev. to myname, nor suffix an e. The whole story is, as yousupposed it to be, an utter fabrication; and I hopeyou will expose the imposter. It is use to the hon-est to unmark the cheats. There are more realsufferers, who come to us from the south, for aid,than we are able to retiree, and every case ofimposition makes it all the more difficult to get assistancefor those who are worthy of it I am afraidthere are several colored men going shout the countrywho are no better than William Halyard; andwere it not that they hare probably been made dishonestby the Influences of slavery, I should thinkthey deserve to be treated with exemplary severity,if indeed to were ever becoming erring mortals soto treat those who aim. Yours, affectionately, SAMUEL J MAY. In a postscript, Mr. May adds— 'I am afraid I have been imposed upon by anothercolored man, calling himself John S. Brown, asmall, slightly built mulatto. He has been trying tolecture here, and in the towns to east and meat ofus—exhibiting handcuffs and other irons used lo enforcethe enslavement of men at the South. He cameto my about a fortnight aims, presentingthat he had met his former master at Geneva—andhad a rencontre with him and his son, near the depotin Auburn. He seemed to be in great alarm, andI did all I could to aid and comfort him. After abouta week a concealment, I put him under the protectionof man that I knew, and sent him on towardsBoston Since he left here, I have heard some facts,which lead me to suspect that his story is a falseone, that the wounds, which he showed me, werereceived at house of all-same in Auburn, or fromsuch men as he would be likely to meet there. It you know any thing about how, I wish youwould expose him also. I did not give him anymoney to be sure, but I gave him a good deal ofwhat is much more precious my time, my confidence,and in my sympathy. He said he been resident some tune in Boston,and had Worked as a Journey man tailor.' On inquiry, we learn that Brown has worked atthe tailoring business in Boston. A colored residentDelores that he wan with Brown in the L.S. army,ant he does not believe that he was ever a slave.—There is no doubt that he is an impostor. Take carethat you are not done Brown by him, reader! Brown 
