 LONDON, MARCH 11, 1848 DEAR GARRISON—Before this reaches you, butnot much before, yon will have heard of the stirringevents in France. The subtle, Cold, calculating Heroof the Barricades is ousted from the throne by thepeople whom he cheated And betrayed; and thatpeople have so far outgrown the spirit of vindictiveness,that they allowed 'bygones to be bygones,' andlet this whitened old Fagin of kings go about hisbusiness. It is pleasing to mark their indifference tothe possession of the person of the man, and how degradedlycome conscious of his own deserts he sees tohave been as manifested by the disguises to whichhe had recourse. EAR ARRISON The friends to peaceable progress, though manyof us old men, have found a spring in our insteps,and have almost walked on up to form animation,since this great and good news. We hope our royalfamily will not make too much of the old man; for,although there is great regard for the lady who nowwears the crown of England, there is no love forroyalty as royalty; and any manifestation of sympathyfor the Bourbons would lower her in the Englishmind very seriously. We have a republic in France, and a republicwhich does not recognize personal slavery, as youAmericans do, to your utter disgrace. I have, to anItalian friend of mine, whom you met at my housewhen in England, when he has advocated nationality,always qualified or sought to qualify my assentto the right of every nation and people to promotetheir own happiness in their own manner, by objectingto the interference of neighboring nations, in adjustingtheir own happiness in their own manner, by objectingto the internal and domestic arrangements ofother nations. But says my order and eloquentfriend who will you receive this, I trust, betaking an active and leading part among his owncountrymen in emancipating them from the leadendespotism of Austria, 'you do interfere! There isnot a nation with whom you have not interferedwhom you have not, at one time or other, subsidizedto kill other, of subsidized others to kill other.This was your great wickedness in the olden time,and you have constantly interfered in modern timeson the wrong side, to sustain old and worn out dynastiesagainst their subjects. You have kept fleetsin the Tagus, to sustain a worn out dynasty againstits subjects; to preserve the superstitions of thepriests; to keep down the aspirations of the people.You have interfered to impose royalty upon theGreeks; and all your movements have been in accordancewith the suppressive policy of the holy allianceof the triple league of devils who have keptdown the Poles, Hungarians, Germans, and Italians,and prevented their onward progress to political liberty,religious knowledge, and scientific improvement.'All this is true, and I could nut gainsay it.We have been, as a people, and are, under the controlof an aristocracy, as heavy and selfish, thoughnot of the same power to imprison the best spirits.They are as unjust in their legislation, and almost aspowerful in their suppressive agency, as leaden Austriaunder the wily Metternich. as youAmericans do, to your utter disgrace. But we have a republic in France! The wordis working wonders; the thing will do more. There fortunately, grown up in France great minds,and, we believe, good men, among the French people,and their work, and their characters throughtheir works, have become known to the nation, sohat at this great outbreaking of mind and aspiration,there were men ready to take the government,and people ready to yield it into their hands, and tomost to their guidance for the realization of theirhopes.  You will rend the Proclamation of the ProvisionalGovernment with deep interest and sympathy. Particularlythe address of the Minister of Foreign Affairs,as to their intended external policy; and theircourse as to the abolition of slavery will interest you.I need not say to you how the movements of Europeact upon the world; how patent they are forgood, or for evil, upon morals and religion. All theorieswill now be open for consideration. This isthe only way to arrive at good practice. The mannerin which the people of England have receivedand welcomed the news, may be readily and pointedlyillustrated to you, and the friends of truth, of liberty,and of progression in America, by the mannerin which our aristocracy have acted, through ourPrime Minister, Lord John Russell, an aristocrat ofthe first water, and whose professed liberally is neverevidenced by action, until drive to it by a senseof danger, or probable loss, if he does not act. In our House of Commons, when ministers want toany anything to be put before the country, to quietto executed state of the public mind, they arrangewith some member to put a question to them, to givethem an opportunity of stating the intention of Government. Such was the state of the public mind in England,when the news first arrived that the France wouldhave nothing to do with the Bourbons and wouldhave a republic, that Lord John Russell caused himselfto be asked, what Government meant to do, andhe took the opportunity to say, that they did not intendto interfere with any form of Government theFrench might think right to adopt. My belief is,that, had be intimated their intention to interfere,aristocracy has fallers to so heavy a discount in England,that he would thereby have sounded the krillat its dissolution; for we have the infliction of theworst form, that of an hereditary peerage, being alsohereditary lawmakers. We have yet a struggle tocome with the aristocracy. It is difficult to saywhen; but no man, native of this country, and ableto judge of the signs of the times, past anti present,but sees the tone is near, and the items for discussionmust be many. The news of to-day shows that the people of allthe European countries are up heaving, an poor littleGerman prices are running to great consultationsas hunted as possible, and they are all of themtoo narrow in their concessions, the people cryingout, more, more! crying Two or three days remain before this letter willbe closed, and I may have more news; but I predicatethat the Hungarians will reject the Austrianaway, and will fully employ her. That Italy willrise. That Pound will keep the Russian bear employedin watching her movements. That Switzerlandand the adjoining German States will engagethe attention of Prussia, and the Prussians themselveswill show the King that he must grant themmore liberty, and that he cannot rely upon them tosuppress it in foreign countries. I will give you tomorrowmorning, when I resume this letter, the substanceof the news which has arrived to-day, of theeffect upon Austria and some of the German princes,of the news that France has discharged her King,and declared for a republic. One of the poet princesis said to have fainted away. If you have time, andsufficient interest in the matter to read the Englishjournals which may reach you, you will find that theBourbon princes all ran away, and left their wives tofind the way out of the danger as they might. Oneof their own writers, speaking of the princes of thehouse of Bourbon, said, 'They retreated like lions,'and, on this occasion, it seems they ran away mostvaliantly. The race is clearly worn out. The breedmust be crossed. They must get some good bloodinto their veins, and, in two or three generations,they may attain to the standard of usefulness; and,by that time, they will find king-craft worn out, andthat it will be necessary to work, if they would eat. retreated I now give you the news of to-day. At Naples,Lord Minto, out Ambassador, has told the King thatif he does not ante the path of concession on solidbases, he will abandon the office of mediator. Thisis not because our aristocracy love progress, or haveever yet pushed a royal vacillator into the rightpath, with a desire of keeping him there; but theyknow that our people have their eyes carefully fixedupon the foreign police of our government, as manifestedby what they do, and cause their ambassadorsto do. Lord Palmerston, our Foreign Minister, is agreat diplomatist, and the people know that diplomacyhas hitherto been trickery— the Art of puttingforth words to convey false semblanoes, so that thepeople might behave one thing while crowned headsunderstood and did another; in abort, it has beenthe art of using words to disguise the sense, to realisethe maxim ascribed to Talleyrand, that thetongue was given to disuse our thoughts. I sendyou the 'Times' London newspaper of Saturday,March 11. You will see an interesting letter fromCologne, in page 6, colomn 5, from which you canout, of course, as much as you think may be interestingto you readers. In the sixth column, youwill see another letter from Madam. You will rememberthe Italian friend whom you met at myhouse; and what is stated in that letter, the deepand abiding hated of the people towards the Austrians,I am assured you may rely upon. I had no adequateconception of the feeling of hostility as thepart of that people to the Austrians, until about twoyears age, two Italian friends of mine were with me,and two Austrians as came down the same day, one ofthem being known to the family. They opened aside gate, and came first into sight from under sometrees. The Italians were standing under the elmtree, which you will probably remember on a higherpart of the hill. The Italians saw them somefrom under the trees, and, though too distant to distinguishfeatures, they immediately said, with astart,' There are two Austrians!' I was ignorant,at this time, of the antipathy, and sought to bringthem as foreigners together, but I found that myendeavors were defeated, and I received a hint fromon of my family, which prevented my continuingwhat meant as kindness, but found was a presentation.My astonishment was, at the readiness withwith which the Italians, at a great distance, had pronouncedof what country the strangers were natives.I cut from the 'Times,' last by any mischance itshould not reach you, the letter from Milan, datedFeb 28. It is a true picture of the state of feelingof the whole Italian nation. I hope the people ofAmerica feel a sufficient interest in the movement towelcome and cheer it on. EDWARD SEARCH 
