 WASHINGTON, April 11th, 1848. ASHINGTON The debate upon the Resolutions of Sympathywith France was renewed in the House of Representativesto-day, with even more warmth and interestthan ever. It was moved by Mr. Palfrey ofour own state, who moved the reconsideration ofthe vote by whirl) these resolutions ware yesterdayadopted. His object in asking the reconsiderationof the vole, was to offer an amendmentwhich it had been his intention to offer the daybefore, but which he had been prevented from doingthen by the application of the previous question.This amendment was a resolution to the effectthat as no despotism is mom effectual than thatwhich exists under semblance of popular institutions,a great nation emancipated from the controlof an oligarchy of 200,000 voters, was especiallyentitled to congratulation. Alluding to a speech previously made by Mr. Bayly,Mr. Palfrey said— instead of attempting to follow the gentleman,he should content himself with passing upon oneor two important topics of the speech. Particularlyhe desired to correct the gentleman's misapprehensionsrespecting a certain set of laws inMassachusetts, to which he had alluded. He mightinterrupted the gentleman, and made his correctionat the time; but did not, seeing that he wasin the abler hands of his colleague, [Mr. Achmun.]He was far from saying that Massachusetts wasconformed, in all respects, to the idea of a perfectCommonwealth; hot of one thing ha was assured,Massachusetts was not too old to grow wiser; andshe does grow wiser (thank God) day by day.Massachusetts was a little younger than Virginia,and (if he might to permitted to draw an inferencefrom the remarks of the gentleman fromVirginia) had now become too old to grow wiser. Mr. P. spoke of the laws of Massachusetts in relationto the colored race, which had been misapprehendedby the gentleman from Virginia. Thecolored man he said was just is likely there to bebrought into the jury-box, as any other man. Mr. BAYLY interposed to inquire whether theuniversal social feeling in Massachusetts did notoperate as a virtual repeal of those laws?. AYLY Mr. PALFREY did not know whether the lawwas overridden by public sentiment; and was proceedingto state the manner in which juries wereempannelled in Massachusetts, when— ALFREY Mr. BAYLY again interposed, and said: It seems,then, that these public officers pi event these blackcitizens from the enjoyment of their civil rights. AYLY Mr. PALFREY than proceeded, and replied to thequestions broached yesterday about negroes sittingon the bench and practising at the bar, bystating that, heretofore, in his capacity as Secretaryof Massachusetts, he hail sent a commissionto very respectable lawyer, whose skin, he supposed,was as black as his coat. In reply to a furtherinquiry by the gentleman, he said that a coloredman was once returned to the legislature ofMassachusetts lion the town of Meredith—hisname was Townsend. In reply ton question whetherhe took his seat, Mr. P. admitted that he didnot; but if he had taken his sent, he doubted nothe would have been well treated. [A VOICE: Hedeclined from a feeling of deheacy.] Mr. P.doubted not that the gentleman himself would havedeclined taking a sent in a legislature where theywere all of a different color from himself. Mr. P.read a letter from a gentleman writing from NewBedford, and connected with the public schools inthat place, showing the intellectual at equality of theblack race, and dwelling particularly upon the superiorscholarship of one black youth, now nomore, who had distinguished himself in the schoolsof that town, in many departments of study; andwho, had be lived, might have been the associate ofthe son of Mr. P. in one of the oldest universitiesof the Slate; and he added that, m such an event,if his son had refused to treat the black studentwith proper respect, he would thereby have forfeited,on the part of his father, the respect whichhe now felt that he deserved. ALFREY OICE Mr. P. spoke of the honesty of his purposes andviews on these questions. He asserted also thatthe action of the Virginia Senate, touching thememory of Mr. Adams, was because they could notappreciate the aims and the excellence of thatgreat character. Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, desired to interposeone question; and (Mr. P. yielding) he said:The gentleman tells us, it that young black hadnot been called hence, he would have been the associateof his son in one of the oldest universitiesof the State; mid if Ins son had not treated himwith proper respect, he would thereby have forfeitedthe consideration of his parent. Now, his questionWill, would the gentleman from Massachusettsbe willing to see that interesting, talented negroboy become the companion of his own daughter?—married companion? OHNSON Mr. PALFREY said that the question was of anature very foreign from that of the academicalassociation of young men. There were variousconventional circumstances having relation to thehabits of social life, which would determine hismind in such a case, and which the gentlemanfrom Tennessee could estimate as well as himselfThe gentleman, he supposed, was able to putmuch stronger questions than that, which wasanswered by stating that he would introduce nofemale of his family into the society of any personwho, from reasons operating on the minds eitherof his family or their friends, he might knowwould be disagreeable, either on account of anythingpersonal to himself, or weighing upon himbecause of the habits and views of others. ALFREY Mr. BAYLY next obtained the flour. It was nothis purpose, he said, to attempt any protracted replyto the gentleman from Massachusetts, and stillless did he Intend to offer him the least personaldisrespect. He was so much of a gentleman inhis manners, that, notwithstanding the abhorrencewhich ho felt for his sentiments, he did not wishto express in his reply the slightest sentiment ofwish toward the man. The gentleman says thathe (Mr. B.) had yesterday tall-n into an error withreference to certain laws in Massachusetts. If hisremarks had been heard distinctly, he thought thegentleman might have observed, that in every allusionhe made to the laws regulating free negroes,he excepted Massachusetts. He made this exceptionin many instances; the obvious reason ofwhich he stated. He knew that in Massachusettsthere had been a good deal of legislation on thissubject, and he bad not informed his mind distinctlyas to the extent to which it had gone; hence hedid not allow himself to speak with any degreeof confidence. The chief of his remarks weremade with reference to the free negro laws of otherStates; and he might now be permitted to saythat the gentleman had failed to point out any importanterror into which he might have been led. AYLY He had but one remark more. The gentlemanhad informed us that Massachusetts has a law,making it a penal offence for any officer of thatState to assist m the recapture of a fugitive slave.He recollected this fact distinctly, and designed tohave referred to it yesterday; but in the hurry ofan extemporaneous reply, it had escaped his mind;and he referred to it now, that he might insert thematter in his printed remarks, should he ever deemit necessary to report them. The gentleman fromMassachusetts who addressed the House, yesterday,on this question, said, for himself and hisState, that they were willing to abide by the Constitutionas it was; flint on the subject of slavery,they were willing to abide by the compromises.He would ask that gentleman now, if there wasnot an infraction of the Constitution in that law ofMassachusetts which had been just avowed? Hethen read the words of the Constitution as follows. 'No person held to service or labor in one State,under the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall,in consequence of any law or regulation therein, bedischarged from such service or labor, but shall bedelivered op on the claim of the party lo whomsuch service or labor may be due. The most distinguished jurist of Massachusetts,(the late Judge Story,) in his commentary on theConstitution, has stated that this clause contemplateda summary proceeding not according to therules of common In law, and lays especial emphasison the words, shall be delivered up on the claimof the party to whom such service or labor may bedue.' Massachusetts had provided, he believed, that theslave should be entitled to trial by jury New Yorkand Pennsylvania had done the same. TheSupreme Court of New York had decided that thislaw was unconstitutional. The State of Massachusettshad virtual nullified this clause of theConstitution. Suppose he were to go Massachusetts,as he had been invited to go, and takewith him the servants who were necessary to theconvenience of himself and his family; these servantscould be taken away from him, and he wouldhave no redress. Anxious as he was to visit Massachusettsthis law of hers would make him astranger to that State as long as he lived. Mr. B. went on to say that many free States hadpassed such a law, and he was under the impressionthat New York had don so. he had heardit said that the people of New York would go towar to prevent the immigration of negroes intothat State. This was the law of public opinionin New York, if it was not on the statue book. The State of Ohio, that had more abolition memberson this floor than any other, had driven offto Ohio. These blacks bought land, and settleddown in the free State of Ohio; and the people, af-ter getting their money,mobbed them, and com-pelled them to abandon their lands. He alludedto a late member from Ohio [Mr. Brinkerhoff] whowas always clamorous against slavery, and whoadmitted that he was unwilling to suffer free ne-groes to come into Ohio. This was their philan-thropy and humanity. Mr. GIDDINGS said, that the act referred to wasnot of the Suite nor of the people of Ohio, but ofa mob; and with which the people of the Statehad no sympathy. He knew that some of hiscolleagues were of a different opinion. IDDINGS MR. FICKLIN asked whether the gentleman fromVirginia had expressed a disapprobation of thelaws of Illinois prohibiting the immigration intothat State of blacks? R. ICKLIN MR. BAYLY had no doubt, he said, of the constitutionalright of the free States to pass such laws;and, if he were a citizen of one of those States, beshould approve of them. AYLY Ma. FICKLIN said that the legislature of theState of Illinois had always looked to the exclusionof free negro population, and the new Constitutionhad provided for their actual exclusion. ICKLIN MR. BAYLY (resuming) said that the State ofIllinois had, he believed, acted in good faith towardsthe South; but Ohio and some other Stateshad legislated with a view to embarrass the South,and obstruct the in the exercise of their rights,while they forced upon them the necessity of retainingtheir blacks as slaves. Mr. B. said dint hehad been much in the State of Ohio, and he hadfound, in one of his visits to that State, a numberof blacks from North Carolina, who had settled onhis lands. They had squatted on his lands, asthey told him, with a view to escape oppression.They knew that they would be safer with a slaveholder,for the would he more just and liberal tothem. One of them told him that his conditionin Ohio as n free man was infinitely worse thanit was in North Carolina as a slave. In NorthCarolina, he had his master to protect and defendhim, but here, every one oppressed him. Whenhe (Mr. B.) sold the land, it was subject tothe chums of these people for their crops, &c.;but they begged him not to sell without makingan express stipulation for their protection, forthat, in the absence of it, they would be obliged topay rents and give up their crops also. R. AYLY The free negroes of Ohio, said Mr. B., will notgo into the district of the gentleman, [Mr. Giddings.]They will not go into the Western Reserve.They will not go where the abolitionistslive. They remain about Chilicothe and otherplaces which were originally settled by slaveholders.If they went into those districts, they weresure to be oppressed. The gentleman had undertaken to say that he(Mr. H.) did not represent the enlightened opinionof his own State. This was an arrogant assumption;and he asked whether a single representativefrom Virginia would hesitate to vouchfor the fact, that he faith fully represented theviews of all parties in that Sate on this subject? Mr. ATKNSON here rose and said he had listenedwith great pleasure to the re trunks of his colleague,and would say that his sentiments were in accordancewith his own, and he was very sure, withthose of the people of Virginia—both wings anddemocrats. In his own district, the people weresatisfied with the institution of slavery; and theslaves themselves would lie ready to rise up againstabolitionism. TKNSON Mr. ASHMUN proceeded to reply to the argumentof the gentleman from Virginia, and to commenton the tone of his remarks—disclaiming on hisown part, the introduction of personalities into thediscussion. He vindicated the legislation of Massachusettson this subject, as a mere denial of theright of Congress to require official acts from Stateofficers. SHMUN Mr. GIDDINGS asked leave to explain this importantpoint. Rending the law of 1798, and theprovision of the Constitution, he contended that thefugitive slave could not he arrested by any Stateauthority. The Free States were a common race-groundfor the fugitives, and we in Ohio (said Mr. G.)have no right to interfere, and will not interfere.Hands off, we say. If a slave defended himself;no one had a right to interfere. It, arminghimself, he should slay his master in the struggle,for his liberty, he (Mr. G) would call him a goodfellow. There was no law in Ohio to punish himfor such a deed. Would any gentleman, he demanded,stand up here and say that the Constitutiongive Congress a right to require Free Statesto interfere and aid in the arrest and delivery ofslaves? IDDINGS Mr. ASHMUN resumed, and remarked that thewhole subject. Should come before the House fordebate on the Oregon bill, and he would reservefor that occasion a full view of this subject. Hewent on to contend that the law of Massachusettswas strictly in conformity with the Constitution.The Constitution provided that the citizens of oneState going into another should enjoy equal privilegeswith the people of that Slate. But a freecitizen of Massachusetts or Now York might go toVirginia or South Carolina, and by the strong armof the law be seized upon and sold as a slave.Was this a proof of the regard of Virginia for theConstitution? There were comparisons to bedrawn on the one side as well as on the other. SHMUN 
