 ☞It gives us great pleasure to copy the followingfrom the National Anti Slavery Stands:- The Standard for the ensuring volume, will continueunder the charge of its present editor, with theassistance of JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL, as CorrespondingEditor. Mr. Lowell's contributions will be weekly, andover his own initials. EDMUND QUINCY, whose letters from Boston arealready known to, and appreciate by our readers,will continue our regular Boston Correspondent. Aletter from him will be published every fortnight. DMUND UINCY Boston Correspondent. Our Dublin Correspondent, R.D. WEAS, willkeep us informed of the condition of Ireland, and thestate of Europe generally, as heretofore, by regularcommunications, twice each month. EAS We have the promise, also, of occasional lettersFrom tow well known friends of the cause, who willHave this country on the first of June, for Europe. With such a list of regular contributor to its columnsand addition to those who favor as with occasionalcommunications, we are confident that theStandard will he worthy of, and we trust will receive,the hearty support of every friend of theAmerican Anti Slavery Society. We are certainlyspeaking with a bounds, when we say, that no volume,since its establishment, has been commencedunder more favorable auspices. The engagement ofMr. Lowell, whose reputation as a poet, and a reviewer,is second to no other in this country, we esteemas a most fortunate one for the paper and thecause which at advocates. And it is not proper tosay here, that the frequent quotations which aremade from the letters of our Boston and Dublin correspondents,are the best proof of the esteem in whichthey are held by our contemporaries of the press. regular contributor Two years since, the price of the Standard was putat $1 per annum, in the hope of no increased circulation.The success of the experiment has not beensuch as to justify, in the opinion of the increased,expenditure involved in the new arrangement.The subscription-price, therefore, will beraised, at the commencement of the new Volume, toits former rate of two dollars per annum, payable inadvance. The new arrangement commences immediately,but the price will not be raised till the 1st ofJune. All subscribers who have already paid to advance fornext volume, will reserve the paper,till the close of their year at the old price All whoseyear commences before the close of the present volume,and who pay before the change is made, willreceive the paper to the close of their year, at $1 perannum. But all who do not pay before the 1st ofJune, whose subscription commences at the time,and have not already paid, will pay the new price of$2 per annum per annum therefore two dollars per annum already before their perannum. per annum 
