 The Disunionists, so far as we are acquaintedwith principles and manner of proceeding,have not particular plan of operation marked out,to effect the freedom of the black slave, except bya vituperous opposition to our Government, to theinstitution of Southern slavery, and a withdrawalof all support from it, and a disconnection with itin every way. So for as this labor goes againstblack slavery, it is very commendable and good;but here they stop. Their sympathies extend on-ly to the colored bondman; and even with him,they labor only to destroy the relationship of mas-ter and slave. They seek nothing more than toloose him from present task-master, withoutever preparing or devising ways and means forhis future well-being, of securing him from theavaricious chicanery and fraud of the commercialchattel driver. He is to be Unconditionally cutloose from the tyranny of one man, to become thehireling, and subject perhaps of twenty hers, — andto be driven about by the lash of want andstern necessity;— a longed to work for verylow wages, and as the laborers increase, the de-mand for them will be less and less, and the consequence will be, the price of labor will be re-duced to so low a rate, that constant hard laborwill barely produce enough to sustain life. Unconditionally one want And this is the great boon for which our Disun-ion friends are moving heaven and earth to obtainfor the black slave! We are sometimes complained of, because wedo not advocate 'immediate and unconditionalmanumission.' We certainly have no objection tothe immediate emancipation of the slaves at theSouth, but on the contrary would glory in aidingto accomplish so mighty a work for humanity;yet we greatly fear such a thing is impracticable.if not impossible, in the present state of our socialcondition. Not but what the relation of masterand slave might be destroyed. And all that ourDisunion friends ask to be brought about; butthe accomplishment of this, we contend, wouldnot be real freedom to the slave, and thereforecould not be emancipation— but only one step to-wards it. That one step we would rejoice to seetaken immediately. But the accomplishment ofthis is only a small matter, compared with whatNational Reformers are contending for. Wewould not only have the slave free from a crueltask-master, but we would have him placed toa situation where he would not be subject to theslavery of wages, to be ground down by the compe-tition in the labor market, and be worked by everybody, and cared for by no one. The National Reformers are laboring to effectthe freedom of all mankind—not only that of theirpersonal liberty, but they desire that all shall havean inalienable home, where they may be securefrom want, misfortune, and the chicanery and im-postitions of commercial grabbers. The abolitionists are only laboring to destroy therelationship of master and slave at the South,without any concern for there future condition orwelfare.   TYLER'S HOTEL, Washington, March 26, 1848.In the 'Voice' of Marchh 10th, I noticed a letterfrom your Cuban correspondent wherein he brieflydraws a comparison between chattel and wagesslavery. An editorial remark directed my moreparticular attention to the subject and I beg leaveto refer to the same. I would not be considered anadvocate of Southern slavery, for my long residenceat the South has fully shown to me its many andgreat evils. I have also had much experience atthe North, and therefore am, perhaps well quali-fied to judge of the merits, or rather demerits, ofeither wages or chattel slavery. Even in this country, where the condition of theslave is represented to be much worse than inCuba, physically speaking, his condition is muchmore desirable than that of the laborer of theNorth. You are told that here, children are torn fromtheir parents. Look among your own circle ofacquaintance, and if you cannot find parallel ca-ses, your friends' histories are much happier thanmine. You are told they toil beneath the burningsun, under the lash of the taskmaster. Is notyour lash of necessity equally scourging with ours? You are told they have no opportunity foreducation. Of what advantage is education to aman cooped up twelve or fourteen hours per dayin a stifled workshop? You are pointed to the lordly slaveholder, livingin luxury upon the profits of the his serfs—do you alsolook at the fat dividends of your Lawrences andAppletons? Your Northern Laborer, to be sure, has a vote,which the slave has not, but so blunted is his in-telligence, by severe and protracted labors, andanxiety for future existence, that the readier intel-lect of his master capitalist surely wheedles himto his designs, and binds him in claims equally asstrong, but perhaps more gabbled than these of theslave. The Southern slaveholder prevents the progressof—an inferior race the Northern manufacturer ac-tually deteriortesa superior order of intelligence progressof—an inferior race a superior order of intelligence Like the livery stable horse, the Northern la-borer is driven to the 'top of his speed' by anyone wishing to hire. Like the well kept family nag,the COMFORT and HEALTH of the Southern SLAVEis looked to, as his sickness or death is a loss tothe owner. Like the well kept family nag The Southern law forces a guarantee of sup-port, in sickness or old age, from the master of theslave—the Northern law leaves that laborer to thecharity of the poor-house, the gutter, and dissect-ing room. 
