 Extracts from the Journal of Major JOHN B. COLTHURST, while acting under the appointment of theBritish Government as a Special Magistrate inBarbados, during the memorable experiment of negroapprenticeship in the West Indies. Extracts from the Journal of Major OHN OLTHURST while acting under the appointment of theBritish Government as a Special Magistrate inBarbados, during the memorable experiment of negroapprenticeship in the West Indies. The negro and colored population are the mosttemperate people, I verily believe, in the world;however, the whites drink quantum sufficed for both,and to spare; they are eternally guzzling, to theirshame be it spoken. I have met, in nearly twoyears, but two colored persons is a state of intoxication,and only one apprentice was brought beforeme in that time for drunkenness. Out of 9,400 apprentices,tea, coffee, spiced bread, and quadrilles,are the delight of these people; and when I had therural district of A, a great part of my time, on everyFriday evening, was taking up by signing the usualpermits for a dance or quadrille party;—thus havingin my keeping (as it were) the heels of nearly10,000 people. I never refused them permission,because the greatest propriety and decorum wasgenerally observed on those occasions of merrymaking.I never saw, more decent conduct uponsuch occasions in my life. The sable. gallants arepolite to their ladies to extravagance, and scrapeand bow perpetually. I have often asked a youngman or woman, on coming to me for permission tohave a dance, whether it was a Joan and Johnny theyintended to have the following evening; they alwaysseemed hurt at the question, and said, 'No,no, Massa, 'tis tea party and quadrille.' The Joanand Johnny is a barbarous African dance, to morebarbarous music, purely savage. Samba is life andlaughing to the core; so much so, that persons (whounhappily give them credit or nothing) assert thathis intellect is defective. This I deny, for I havemet hundreds and hundreds of free negroes in thecourse of my service in the army, who filled theirhumble stations in society with great credit. It wasonly when a negro became a free man, that hecould, by any possibility, obtain any education,proper training, or knowledge whatever;—for who-everis acquainted with slavery, also knows thatmasters of slaves, in all slave countries, resist allattempts hitherto made to enlighten them; theirreasons for so doing were plain enough, that theymay more easily enslave them, by keeping them intotal ignorance. Therefore, no fair judgment canpossibly be formed of negro intellect generally, becausethe whole race have been prostrated and enslavedfor ages; under such circumstances, it wasplainly impossible for the negro character to developitself. Their training, feeding, and general treatment,has not been separated by a line from thebeasts of the field, and, above all, they were heldby the whites) in contempt, as a totally distinctrace, unworthy of a place among the common herdof mankind. These feelings of the whites were sostrongly impressed upon the slaves themselves, thatit is little wonder they were (fully convinced theywere of a very inferior race of beings; hundreds ofcircumstances prove this. If it was not the case extensively, how was it possible that a few whitescould keep such overwhelming numbers in slaveryand subjection? quantum sufficed permits Joan and Johnny all they I somewhere else mentioned, that for severalmonths past, and upon many occasions, I have observed,with much pleasure, a very kind feelinggrowing up between the employers and the apprentices,particularly between masters and domestics;scarcely a week passes, without two or three voluntarymanumissions by employers;—the greater numberdoing so in consequence of past good services:others do so from the same proper motive, for verysmall suns. The most pleasant consideration inthis matter is, that the apprentices, so dischargedfrom their apprenticeship, generally go back at onceinto the service of their employers. One of thosecases came before me yesterday. A Mr. M. came tomy office, attended by his old cook-maid Venus.He said be came to manumit her, because she—Venus—hada great fancy to be free, and, as she hadset her heart upon it, he would indulge her; forthat he and Venus were born within a week of eachother, 55 years ago; that she had been for nearly40 years a faithful servant and a capital cook. 'But,'said he, turning to old Venus, 'perhaps if I freeyou, you will leave me in my old age.' 'Me leave you, Massa! no, no, Massa; me andyou born together, me and you live together, and meand you die together.' 'What,' said Mr. M, 'do you mean on the sameday? 'Yes, Massa,' said old Venus. Then turning to me, be said:—'There, sir, thereis a faithful old hussy for you; but I will not diethe same day if I can, because I should like her tocook my last dinner for me. Come, Venus, my woman,now are you satisfied; here is your freedomfor you,'—handing her the discharge—'be off atonce, and let me have my dinner at 4 o'clock, precisely.' 'Yes, dear Massa, yes.' These little scenes, I confess, please me exceedingly,as the first dawning of a pure light after agesof darkness—such was slavery. When I first undertook my special duties, myhealth was good; but for the last seven or eightmonths, the climate has been gradually subduingme, till I have not a nerve left. I feel, therefore.discomposed by the most trifling things. Would toGod this noble experiment was going on in a moretemperate climate. But I willingly submit; and sointerested am I in its success, nothing but the positivepreservation of any life will induce me to a baconit; so I am determined to run all risks, and seethis grand undertaking to an end in the year 1840.And yet it way end sooner; at least it ought, considerin the dangerous oversight committed, is extendingthe services of the field-laborers to six years,when that of the non-prodials or domestics wereto terminate in four. How this important circumstancewas overlooked by the crown-law advisers.the framers of the bill, is surprising. At the same that it is evident, it was enacted from the bestand purest motives, namely: consideration to thedomestic negroes, who were obliged to devote thewhole of their time to the service of their masters,when the field negroes had alt Saturday and Sundayto themselves. Notwithstanding this, the five dayswork in the field in such a climate as the West Indies,is more distressing to the negro, than ten daysin the house as a domestic. Exclusive of all this,any distinction in the periods of service in the twoclasses, would most likely create jealousy and irritationamong those who were obliged to serve thelongest. As the matter stands at present, this irritationor jealousy will be felt by the great body ofthe apparitions—the field laborers. If the servicesof each had been reversed, and the non-prodialsmade to serve six, and the prodials four, the billwould, in my opinion, have been a better one. Thematter seemed plain enough, that both classes shouldserve the same number of years, whatever thatmight be, and obtain their freedom as the same day.This unfortunate distinctions in the period of service,is combined with an exceedingly defective registration,which make the probable difficulties of theapproaching; first of August, 1888, very serious; andwas it not for the timely precautions takes by SirEvan McGregor, to adjust the classification, it is impossibleto calculate the evils likely to arise fromthose two prolific sources.  great body 
