 In the City of Refuge which we have providedUpon our first page, for the reception of the hatersof God and Man, and whither their works do followthem, will be found a writer, rejoicing in the initialsof G.E.E., who has earned his admission into thatPro-Slavery sanctuary, by his manifestation of himselfin a late number of the Christian Register.—We commend him to the contemplation of Abolitionistson both sides the water, and to the approbationof the pro-slavery everywhere. The first classhave reason to be obliged to him for the practicalexemplification which he bas given, in his own properperson, of all the qualities they have ever attributedto the particular species of his denominationalgenus, of which he is a characteristic specimen —The American Abolitionists can never hereafter beaccused of exaggeration to their descriptions of pro slavery. Unitarian clergymen, and English Abolitionists,may stand equally acquitted of credulity inbelieving them, and acting accordingly. For lo!here offers himself a living example of the accuracyof their observations in this branch of Natural History! The Unitarian public, especially that of Boston.has great reason to be obliged to this writer for thehistorical facts he gives concerning then. Horacesays many brave, men lived before Agamemnon whohave gone unsung to oblivion 'carnet quiz sacra rate,.'for the lack of an inspired bard. But the Anti-Slaverycharacter of Boston Unitarianism can neverBe lost to posterity, for here is a fitting historian.—'Mr. Garrison and his friends thought they had aright to expect the zealous co-operation of the ministersand prominent men in our churches'! Theimpudent varlets! What business had they to expectany such ting? No wonder, as the historianproceeds, 'they were to a great extent disappointedin their expectations!' And served them right too.'From a cause slight in itself, in its origin, differencesinvolving painful and mutual misunderstandingshave arisen.' Yes, from so insignificant a cause, asthe refusal of the disciples of Price and Priestley toutter a word against the national infirmity of buyingand selling the Dignity of Human Nature inthe shambles, have these impracticable abolitionistspresumed to affirm that they had no disposition toutter such word! And when they with one consentshut the doors of their meeting-houses against theFuneral Discourse of one of their brethren, by anotherof them, that they meant to do it! But herewe have the assurance of this writer that this wasnot the effect of pro slavery affinities or of moral cowardice; but merely of superior wisdom and prudencein carrying on the movement against Slavery.This is, of course, definitive and final. 'carnet quiz sacra rate,. It seems the Boston clergy, so this writer affirms,place the slaves in the same class with ' ozen.' Theythink Immediate Emancipation as 'downright in humanity''as it would be for a farmer to turn hisoxen into the snow-covered fields of winter to lookafter themselves;' This being the case, we certainlycould not expect them to act differently fromwhat they have done; but, then, it proves them tobe in a condition that calls most loudly for the interpositionof their English brethren to teach them thefirst principles of Unitarian theology, the simplestelements of common morality and the plainest rudimentsof the Christian Religion. If the Unitarianclergy in general are in this gall of bitterness andbond of iniquity, as this writer asserts, it is not atall surprising that they should wince under the rebukesof their English brethren, and think them impertinentin their interference; but it is only an additionalproof of the necessity of this missionary effort,and the loudest demand for its continuance.We would recommend that the next UnitarianEpistle enter a little into the natural history involvedin this matter, and endeavor to show theirReverend brethren of what has been styled 'theparadise of ministers and the hell of horses,' thespecific difference between a horned beast and ablack man. While waiting for this, however, wecould furnish them, if they desired it, with a yoke ofneat cattle of this description which 'turned' themselves'adrift,' a while since, into our 'snow-coveredfields,' and answer to the names of Douglass andBrown, and which we think would be able to dragthem, if they would only give them a fair purchase,out of the Slough of Despond in which, accordingto this writer, they are plunged. ozen.' We are surprised that G.E.E. should fall into theerror that the epithet ' dough-face' was coined inthe Anti-Slavery mint. It bears the image and superscriptionof one whom he, and his like, are boundto bow down before. It was the sovereign prerogativeof no less a potentate than John Randolph, ofRoanoke, to give it currency, and for the benefit ofprecisely the description of persons to which G.E.E.belongs. Of that description of persons whose appropriatenook is found in that corner of the Liberator,of which he seems so fully to understand theuses. There is, indeed, to use his own language,'abundant matter to fill out that department of thepaper from the mean-spirited-palliations, and themiserable attempts at the justification, of slavery,which the sad controversy has called forth.' Andnever, since the Refuse of Oppression was firstopened to its fitting objects, has it given shelter toone that could prove his title clearer by the qualificationshe himself suggests, than this writer! dough-face' 'Himself the great original he sung!' But our purpose is not to dissect this anomalousproduction, but merely to draw attention to it, andespecially the attention of English Anti-SlaveryUnitarians. They now know what abolitionistsmean when they speak of American pro-slaveryUnitarians. They can judge for themselves whetherit do not display a mate of mind which justifies allthey have ever done, or can hereafter do. They seethe spirit which their humans and Christian interpositionhas excited in the class of ministers andlaymen of which G.E.E. is a representative. Aclass which, though happily diminishing, it is invain to deny still occupy the high places of the denomination.If our English friends wish to deservethe blessing of the perishing slave, and of those whohave placed themselves by his side, they will continuetheir righteous importunity, regardless of thesneers and scuffs with which it is received. If, the contrary, they desire the peace of their UnitarianIsrael and the blessing of the Chief Rabblesthereof, they will forthwith turn themselves to theirappropriate sphere' and no longer concern them—selves with what is so foreign to them as the degradationof three millions of men, by law and gospel,to the level of brutes 'that lack discourse of reason.The ministers will divert their attention to the concernsof their own partridges, pheasants and hares,(on which subject, we are happy to inform 'Philanthropist'of the Register, we have received an excellentdiscourse preached by Rev. R. Lent Carpenter,previous to his epistle general), and the layman willplease to attend to their green-groceries, dry-salting,muffin-baking, coal-heaving, snuffer-making andwire-working, and leave the Boston Doctors of Divinityto the repose they love.—Q.  
