 I had the curiosity to examine the file of this paperfor four weeks, up to the time of the late MassachusettsGubernatorial election, to see if it pointedout the course that its readers. ought to pursue invoting for one rulers. I had supposed that the paperprofessed to be an abolition paper, against slaveryand of course against this Mexican war, commencedand carried on for the purpose of extending andperpetuating the initiations of slavery I supposedalso that it was in favor of the Liberty party, andtherefore in favor of voting. But I could not findany hints to guide the voter how he should vote,whether to vote with the acknowledged war partyor any other, or to withhold hit vote. But very littlecould I find in those papers against slavery atall—not half so much as in the general run of theWhig political papers of the day. The Reflector,when under the editorship of Mr. Grosvenor, was adecided anti-slavery paper. It spoke out againstslavery, and its influence was felt; but oh! how degenerated!How is the gold become dim! The circumstance which called my attention toexamine the paper and to make these remarks wasthis: A deacon of a Baptist Church where I reside,a man in good standing and in full communion inthe Baptist society—a man of property, but of verylimited information on political affairs, voted at themeeting for State officers on the 8th of Novemberlast, for Gen. Catch Cushing, for Governor of Massachusetts.I was surprised at that, inasmuch asGov. Briggs is a member of the same denomination,of good standing in the society of Baptists, and ofno fault in the eye of the said Deacon, except beinga Whig. But Gen. Caleb Cushing was preferredbecause he was nominated by a party who call themselves Democrats. Although Caleb Cushing hasavowed himself a man of blood, and has taken thesword to kill the poor Mexicans at the bidding of aslaveholding President for the advancement of slave holdinginterest, and is no Christian; yet a goodBaptist Deacon preferred him to Deacon Briggs.—For myself I could not vote for Gov. Briggs, on accountof his calling out the volunteers of Massachusettsto serve in this infamous war, but the saidDeacon could have no such objection. We preferredGen. Cushing on account of party predilections.—I have ascertained that the good Deacon takes noother paper but the Boston Christian Reflector. Isit to be wondered at that he it no more enlightened?What must we think of the religious principlesreflected from the said Reflector when it producessuch a result? Has it not degenerated?—There is no evidence that the early Christiana evertook part in war, but the contrary. They professedand acted out in their lives, the Gospel of peace andgood will to men. As fast as they embraced theChristian faith they dropped the sword. Gen. Catch Cushing, call themselves Democrats. reflected Reflector The Olive Branch is also called a Christian paper.It professes Christianity. It professes and boasts ofhaving a great circulation. But what is its influence?It does nothing towards exterminating thegiant sin of slavery. It gives no offence to slaveholders.It reserves its wrath to expend on abolitionists.It talks louder and harder against conspicuousabolitionists than against conspicuous slaveholders.Against pro-slavery or war editors, it has no controversy,but against anti-slavery and anti-war editorsit holds forth, not the olive branch of peace and goodwill, but of hate and war, and of big swelling wordsof indignity. I am led to these remarks by noticingits effect upon its readers. I know one person inparticular, not far from where I reside, who takes noother paper but the Boston Olive Branch, and whohas the case of the house and farm where the poorof the town are congregated for support. I hardlyever came in contact with a person of such set enmityagainst abolitionists and abolitionists, and suchgross ignorance upon political affairs. He is veryabusive to abolitionists—calls them miscreants, enemiesof the country, and traitors who ought to behung. He is equally abusive of conspicuous temperancemen—says they are meddling with whatdoes not concern them. Says he expects they willundertake, before long, to prescribe what a man shalleat and what he shall wear, etc. The only paper helakes is the Boston Olive Branch. He thinks it isthe greatest paper and the best paper ever printed:—This is the blind leading the blind. And 'both willfall,' or have fallen 'into the ditch' of error and delusion.Such papers never will return the worldfrom slavery, war or intemperance. They are acurse instead of a blessing to community. greatest paper best paper This paper professes to be, as its title indicates, anagricultural paper. Its motto is 'impressed the soil andthe mind.' Many good articles are found is it farthe practical farmer, and so far is a useful paper. Butthere is one drawback to its usefulness, and that isit gives too much war news for the improvement ofthe soil or the mind of the farmer. Does the farmerwant one Quarter or one third of his agriculturalpaper filled with the news of the  of thesewho are engaged in this wicked, aggressive war farconquest, at the instigation of the slave power thatnow roles this country? it is not every week thatthe paper contains so much war news as above stated,but some weeks more than that. I like to havean agricultural paper avoid giving any to this war spirit that is abroad in the land. I liketo see it cultivate the art of peace as well as  cultivatethe soil. In this respect of much prefer thePl. It does not appear to relish this warspirit get up in aid of slavery. In the Cultivates ofthe 27th I had the following article in a paragraphby itself: 'impressed the soil andthe mind.'   peace  soil. Pl.  "The war Ex.—It a stated that the governmenthas funds enough to carry through the war tillApril, sad that with the requisitions of the generalsand the produce of the Mexican tariff, the expenseof the war after this year will sense to be felt." "The war Ex.  I suppose the above paragraph was inserted forthe readers of the Cultivator to become reconciledto the war, on the score that it won't cost much, afterall. No 'doubt there are many  care nothingthere about the war than how it affects their pockets.If (hay do not have to pay for it, it may continue till day for anything they care. The dreadful of life, or the horrid wretchedness it may causethe poor Mexicans, or even our own soldiers, doesnot awaken their sympathy sufficient to cause them drop a tear for suffering humanity, or make aneffort to look into the  to see what our rulersare about. In the last column of reading matterin the said paper, I find the following:      "For fifteen centuries war has been a standing libelon Christianity, making it a bye-word and a reproachover the earth." Whether the above was intended as an antidoteto the preceding article or not, is more than I know.But I think it is a very good one, though it mighthave got an accidental insertion there to fill out thecolumn. I know of several who take the Cultivatorwho are rabid war men—men who are for conqueringthe whole of Mexico and appropriating it totheir our own use—men who are violentlyopposed to Anti-Slavery, and are willing; to plantslavery in Mexico—men who said when Gen.Scott was about to take the city of Mexico that theyhoped, if the Mexicans would not give up, thatScott would pet them all to the sword—that hewould kill every soul of them. But I am happy tosay that that class of violent war men is small.—Those above alluded to are readers of the Cultivatorand Olive Branch. They cannot be persuaded toread an Anti-slavery paper or pamphlet, nor even aWhig paper that is opposed to the war They professto belong to the party who call themselves Democrats—whom other call Loco Focus. These menvoted for General Caleb Cushing for Governorof Massachusetts, at the recent election. But notwithstandingthe above gloomy facts, there are afew Democrats where I reside who abhor the war—who are free to express their disapprobation of it. antidote Democrats few Yours, &c, TRUTH. P. S I had forgotten to state, in its place, in thearticle headed the Reflector, that the Minister overthe Baptist Society where the Deacon voted forGen. Cushing, voted for Deacon Briggs for Governor,and on Thanksgiving day preached a sermon on the'horrors of war,' and read freely from LovingMoody's pamphlet entitled ' Facts for the People,' 'horrors of war, &c. TRUTH. 
