 In our last number was an article taken from the'True Wesleyan,' which we did not see until afterthe paper was struck off, or we should not havesuffered it to pass without comment. It professorsto be a Brief History of the Anti-Slavery movement,and when it comes to this country it says, 'ModernAbolitionism commenced its organized efforts in thisCountry, in 1833, when the "American A.S. Society"was founded.' The accuracy of the writer'sdetails in other particulars renders it vary probablethat this min-statement was not an unintentionalone. But in case it were, we would inform himthat the Anti-Slavery Movement in America commencedits 'organized' efforts nearly two years beforethe formatives of the American A.S. Society,December, 1883, in the formation of the New-EnglandA.S. Society, January 1st, 1838, when theApostolic twelve met in the African School house,in Boston and instituted the first Society over gatheredin America, on the principle of ImmediateEmancipation. But, properly, the Anti-SlaveryMovement dates farther back yet, from the establishmentof the Liberator, January 1st, 1831; or,perhaps, rather from the lectures which Mr. Garrisondelivered in Boston during the year 1829.Then was board the first enunciation of Immediateistnapplied to American Slavery. And the first utteranceof the principle which is the informing one ofa Reform, is the moment of its birth. American New-England There are among the most important facts of Americanhistory, and the man is singularly unqualifiedfor the office a narrator of this portion of our annals,who either does not know them, or, knowing,omits to mention them from sectarian or personalconsiderations. One would have thought too, thatthe labors of Benjamin Lundy would have beenthought worthy of a passing notice in a 'History,'however 'brief,' of the Modern Movement againstslavery. Lundy, indeed, did not come into themovement for immediate Emancipation for severalyears after it was set on foot, not until 1834, if weare not mistaken; but his services were, certainly,sufficiently prominent in the period between theElder and the Modern Abolition Movements, to deservea word of commemoration is such a sketch asthis professes to be. There is no danger thatthe facts of this most important chapter of AmericanHistory,—the one that will describe the Rise andProgress of the Immediate Emancipation Movement,—willnot be ascertained and recorded. Theyare so already. The voice of the Nation recognizesit in the very term by which Pro Slavery andPseudo-Abolitionism describe the genuine and onlyAnti-Slavery Movement. It is, therefore, not at allworth any one's while to try to suppress the knowledgeof it. The attempt only reflects discredit,without any attendant advantage, on the parties makingit.—Q. LETTER TO THE PEOPLE OF THE U.S. TOUCHISETHE MATTER OF SLAVERY.— We have been favoredby the kindness of the author, the Rev. TheodoreParker, with the sheets of a work of 120 pages, withthis title. We have had time merely to glance atthe work, which we cannot doubt from what wesaw, will maintain Mr. Parker's high reputation asa writer. It treats of the Statistics and History ofSlavery; the condition and treatment of slaves;the effects of Slavery on industry; on Education;on Law and Politics; Slavery considered as a wrong;and a concluding address to the people of America.From what we have been able to fathom of the mannerin which these subjects are treated, we feel assuredthat they are handled with the author's characteristicindustry, ability and discrimination. Thework will be shortly published, when, we are sure,none of our readers will fail to read and judge forthemselves. ETTER TO THE EOPLE OF THE ATTER OF LAVERY. In glancing at these pages, in the spirit of an inveteratenovel-reader, as we are, we turned first ofall to the last chapter, and there our eye fell upon asentence, which we dare say will be the only onefrom the sentiment of which we shall differ, on afuller perusal. After  up the heads of thethemes he has presented, Mr. Parker says: "It isnot for me to point out the remedy for the evil, andshow how it is to be applied. that is work for thosemen you dignify with place and power." We humblyconceive that those men are the very last in theworld at whose bands we should look for this work.It is Mr. Parker's business, is a writer on this subject,to instruct them in their duty. The Slaves willhave to wait long enough, if they must wait tillAmerican Politicians lead their Exodus. It is nottheir office to lead the people in any good thing. Itis the business of the people to kick them along inthe way they should go. We think Mr. Parker altogethertoo modest. We, our self, are a modestman, but still we are of opinion, as simple as we sithere in the Liberator office, that we are quite competentto instruct President Polk, and all his cabinet,the Senate with Mr. Webster, and the Housewith Mr. Speaker Winthrop, at their respectiveheads, and all and singular the 'statesmanlike' menof the nation as to what they should do in this matter.And we think Mr. Parker as capable of instructingthem as we are.  We presume Mr. Garrison will give a fuller noticeof this able and eloquent work.—Q. 
