 We congratulate the readers of the Liberator thatthe next number, which is the opening of the eighteenthvolume, will restore to them the services ofits founder, and its conductor for many years. Thepilot who has weathered so many storms, and whoseclearness of right and strength of arm have keptthe bead of the anti-slavery ship to the sea in allweathers, will soon have his hand on the helm again.It is about five months since he took leave of hisreaders, upon turning his face towards the WesternVineyard, four of which have been consumed insickness and a slow recovery. Though Mr. Garrisonis by no means restored to the state of healthhe was in previous to his Western Expedition, stillhe is sufficiently recovered to render his resuminghis post not an imprudent step. For a good whilepast he has been desirous of resuming his labors, buthas been dissuaded by the prudent care of butfriends from doing so, until this time. We needhardly say that there are none of the friends of thepaper who will rejoice more sincerely in Mr. Garrison'sresumption of his labors, than those of themwho have been employed in the responsible and difficulttask of occupying his place, during his absence.Though willing and happy to perform thisservice for the cause's sake, they are still more willingand happy to give buck the work into his handswhose leadership in the anti-slavery movement, isauthenticated by all that is slaveholding, pro-slaveryand vile in this abominable nation. We trust that all the true friends of the Liberatorwill prove themselves to be such, and show their joyat this auspicious return, by a prompt discharge oftheir own dues, and by vigorous efforts to extend itscirculation within the sphere of their influence.—Our own sense of the paramount importance ofkeeping whole and enlarging the field of the Liberator'susefulness, is sufficiently well known to allwho read it. We believe it to be the best antislaverywork any abolitionist can do, to procuresubscribers to it. It occupies a place in the enterprisewhich none other fills or, in the nature ofthings, can fill. It is locked upon as no other paperis by the sagacious friends of Slavery, as well as byits intelligent enemies, as the Incarnation of thethorough, uncompromising Anti-Slavery principle.The duty of maintaining it in food working order,and of increasing its range of influence, is proportionally obligatory upon all abolitionists. Noneother can be depended upon for this service. Wewould accordingly recommend it to all who takethat name upon their lips, and who earnestly desirethe abolition of slavery as the greatest public andparticular good, to address themselves to this work,and to five the Liberator a direct circulation, somewhatco-extensive with its indirect influence. Letall each take it themselves, and procure as manyadditional subscribers as they can. It is the easiestand most compendious way of doing up, or beginning to do up, one's own Anti-Slavery duty and itis one that has been too much . Let thetime to some be better than the time past.—Q.  
