 We subjoin a letter from the Rev. John Pierpont,elicited by our letter to him in the Liberator of the17th instant. It will be seen be disclaims the intentionof casting any imputation: on the integrity ofthe persons who went from Massachusetts to attendthe special meeting of the N.H.A.S. Society, inDecember 1844, and who formed a part of the committeeappointed by that society, to consider thequestion of the ownership of the Herald of Freedomand its printing office Our readers have hadan opportunity of judging fur themselves, as to thefitness of the language used by Mr. Pierpont, toconvey the impression that the decision in that case,as far as those persons were concerned, was madein consequence of their dislike of Mr. Rogers's opinions,and not upon the evidence before them; forthe passage, in question was given in full in our letterto him. At any rate, this was the only constructionthe persons referred to could put upon his wordsWe are moat happy, however, to receive Mr. Pierpmont'sown explanation of his meaning, and to acceptit as satisfactory. We would merely advisehim, if he will excuse the liberty, should be ever undertakeso delicate a task again, to examine morecarefully the force of his works, as well as the characterof his authorities. It will be seen, also, that Mr. Pierpont informs usthat he has already taken measures to procure thewithdrawal of the objectionable passages from hisIntroduction, should the book ever reach a secondedition. This is a step due to himself as well as us,when he finds that he has used language conveyinga meaning which be did not contemplate, and thepromptitude he has shown in taking it, is very creditableto his self-respect and his sense of justice. Itis, of course, of no importance what statements eramade in relation to any one in the volume in question,except in as far as they have, or appear to have,the authority of a reputable name, like Mr. Pierpont's.That being withdrawn, by this declarationon his part, we should not have thought it of consequenceenough to ask this action at his hands. Butwe appreciate none the leas the sense of what isowing to has own character, as well as the dispositionto his justice to our own, which is evinced inthis measure Although Mr. Pierpont has neveridentified himself with us as Abolitionists, the personal relations of all of us. with him have ever beenof the most friendly character, and we should havebeen sorry to have found him capable of giving theweight of his name to an accusation which the leastinquiry would have convinced him was a calumnyof the most gratuitous and blackest kind; of lendinghimself to the malignity of unscrupulous andunprincipled persona, whose characters secure themfrom notice or contradiction. And we are proportionably glad to find that he had no intention of doingus that injustice —Q MR PIERPONT'S LETTOR. TROY, N Y., Dec 23, 1847 ROY TO EDMUND QUISCY, Esq., O DMUND UISCY Editor pro. Tem. of the Liberator Editor pro. Tem. of the Liberator Sir—In reply to your letter addressed to methrough the columns of the last number of the Liberator,allow me to say through the same medium ofcommunication with the public, that, in no part ofthe 'Introduction' that I contributed to the recentlypublished Volume of the newspaper writings of thelate N P. Rogers, was it my intention to pronounceupon the motives or merits of either party to thecontroversy touching the rights of property of Mr.Rogers in the 'Herald of Freedom,' or to cost ashadow of imputation on the integrity of either;nor, according to my own constructions of the languageused—and what I regard as the fair and propconstruction—do I now consider it as conveyingany such meaning. But inasmuch as parties interested,and others, have understood me to that effect,I regret their misapprehension of my meaning, aswell as the unguardedness on my part, to whichthat misapprehension is owing. And, that theremay be no further mistake in the matter, and, asfar as possible, to redress any wrong that I mayhave unwittingly done to any person, in the premises,I have already taken measures to have everythingthat I know to be objectionable, withdrawn fromany future edition of the Volume.  I am, Sir, very respectfully, Your ob't servant, J PIERPONT. 
