 We have a letter from Mr. Pillsbury, giving anaccount of his ministrations, and of the way inwhich he was ministered unto, in this town, whichwe are unable to give in full for want of room.The Committee of the Town Hall, it seems, refusedto name the terms on which they would letit, until after all the meetings were over, onlyagreeing, in general terms, that it should not bemore than was usually paid; and then, at the endof the meetings, charged them a much higher pricethan was ever given before, as Mr. P. was informed,seventeen dollars for four evenings and one dayand evening! Which day and evening were theSaturday preceding the celebrated Sunday, whenthe Plymouth County A.S. Society was turnedinto the street by this same Committee! Thisprice was certainly most exorbitant, if judged by theusual terms of halls in country towns; and grosslyunjust and iniquitous, if it be true that one or twodollars is the usual charge for an evening. Thetown of Bridge water has certainly proved itself thevery Shylock of small Corporations. seventeen one two Mr. Pillsbury's letter concludes thus:—Q. FFIEND QUINCY: FIEND UINCY: I was very glad to see two of the clergymen ofthe place at all my lectures. The remarks theymade, however, tended much to blunt the edge ofthe truths I had uttered. They both boasted of theiranti-slavery seal and works. One said he had entertaineda fugitive slave, (though he proved afterwards,he said, to be an impostor,) and that he wasthe only minister in the place who would entertainone. The other, with some earnestness, denied it,and declared he had kept a fugitive slave over night;one too, that was no impostor. One of them told ushe had preached as strongly in his pulpit against slavery,as I had on either of the three evenings I hadoccupied the Town House. But, unfortunately forhim, it turned out that the Committee who had sogrossly outraged us, were among the pillars of hissociety. I told the meeting I was sorry we had notsome better fruits of his anti-slavery preaching, thanthe treatment we had received at the hands of theCommittee and other citizens of the place. that was no impostor. I was in hopes to have raised something peculiarityto sustain the movement; but it took all, andmore than all, to most expenses. The price wasunreasonable; but this could have been overlooked,had the Committee not taken an advantage, by keepingback their terms, until the debt was all contracted.Their source was disapproved to them, by many inthe town, even before I left. It will not be . But it is long since I  is expect henprabledealing in such a community.    Yours truly, PARKER PILLSBURY. New Bedford. Dec. 6. 1847. 
