 Notwithstanding the number of documentswhich have been exchanged between some of theUnitarians of this country and of Great Britain,doubtless many who are ranked with that denominationon this side of the water are still in thedark as to the meaning of all this correspondence.We have followed in our minds and with watchfulinterest the whole course of proceedings thusinvolved, and perhaps a few words by way of reviewand comment away help out a more completeidea of the matter to some leaders. It is within the memory of those among as whohave reached mature age. That some sixteen yearsago a small number of men and women, connectedwith our churches in Boston and the neighborhood, became earnestly engaged in the Anti-Slaverycause. They adopted such opinions and entered upon such a course of actions, as seemed tothem alone likely to rouse the community to asense of the inequity of Slavery, and to compelall to take immediate measures for its overthrow.That their earnestness of spirit became sometimesoverbearing and unscrupulous, they themselves dohot at all deny. That their faults of temper and oflanguage have been exaggerated, in a general andindiscriminate censure of the whole party, all candidobserver; must admit. There is something soatrocious in the institution of Slavery, and in allthe laws and processes which are required to sustain it,that no individual of an honest heart canacquaint himself with its iniquities, without becomingintensely and even passionately excited onthe subject. Excepting a few among them, whoselanguage and temper they do not justify, we holdthe Abolitionists as acquitted to their own consciencesfor their own  nest and uncompromising zeal.But when in the warmth of their ownconvictions they have applied tests to otherswhich others have not recognized as just, it couldscarcely be but that they would un-judge some oftheir brethren.  Mr. Garrison and his more intimate supportersthought they had a right to expect the zealous co-operationof the ministers and of the prominentmen in our Churches. They were to a great extentdisappointed in their expectations. Not becausea single minister among us ever opened hislips to vindicate Slavery, to palliate its wrong, orto repress true Christian action upon it; but becausesermons and prayers, associations and contentionsdid not speak out upon the iniquity in asufficiently emphatic way, and with such epithetsas would meet the state of feeling in the hearts ofthe most zealous Abolitionists. From a causeslight in itself in its origin, differences involvingpainful and mutual misunderstandings have arisen.Some among us believed in full sincerity, andtherefore declared, that the course pursued by theAbolitionists tended to embitter the South, to rousethe most dangerous passions about an evil whichneeded no aggravation, and to engage the time andattention which might have been most wisely spentin conciliatory and practical measures. It was alsourged that emancipation would do but half ofChristian justice to the slaves; that as they hadbeen brutalized by the wrongs which they had enduredfor many generations, it would be down-rightinhumanity to turn them adrift, with thesingle enjoyment of liberty, just as it would be fora farmer to turn his oxen into the snow-coveredfields of winter to look after themselves. Layingmuch stress upon these considerations, those whodid not sympathize with the proceedings of someof the Abolitionists insisted that a whole train ofmeasures, dictated by humanity and justice, involving the spread of information, patient removalof prejudices, appeals to whatever of good mightbe left in a blunted heart, and, more than all, wiseand effective legilation,—would alone be foundsufficient to redress so tremendous a wrong.Such persons therefore laid much stress uponwhat they regarded the more rational, but no lessChristian view of Slavery. speak out proceedings The Abolitionists, so-called, maintained in theirtorn, that lukewarmness, whether real or onlyevening, was the most dangerous feeling on thismatter, and that it did more to uphold and ratifyslavery than did the strongest arguments whichmight be offered in its support. They observedhow supple were the consciences of some of ourpublic men, how coldly some of our merchantslooked upon the cause of the slave, and how readywere some of those who had business or social relationswith the South to drown the appeals ofsimple justice in an outcry against fanaticism. The leading Abolitionists determined that onthis subject there should be no room to apply theold classical proverb that the middle course is themost safe. They would recognize only two positionsto slavery, and every body withinthe circle of their acquaintance must be enrolledvoluntarily or compulsorily in the one or theother party. Certain conditions, well understoodfor those on the spot, though difficult to set forthwith all their local significance, were applied toall prominent persons, and indeed to every one inexact proportion to his prominence. If a ministerpreached or prayed about slavery in a way to satisfythe views of the Abolitionists, the communitywould be sure to know it, because the paperswould be sure to bear testimony of it. If a ministerincessantly introduced the subject in his sermons or spoke with great warmth upon it, he wasbrought before the public as having soured or disgustedmembers of his society by seeking notorietytechnically called a Reformer, and hepassed the ordeal of the Abolitionists safely. Asubscription to the Liberator, an attendance onAnti-Slavery Conventions, Fairs or Picnics, werethe more lenient terms which saved other ministers.Laymen and laywomen were held in theirlot to similar conditions. Thus our Churches andsocial circles were divided, till in many cases twofriends who had long loved and respected eachother, and whose hearts, as revealed to their Creatorshowed, the same amount of real sympathyfor the slave, were sundered for life. Abolitionists could recognize people aroundthem only as friends of the slave or as dough-faces.(This elegant epithet seems to have been coinedfor the purpose.) There was no liberty of explanationor qualification left to any one,—he mustbe called either Anti-Slavery or Pro-Slavery. Theconsequence was that if any minister or editorpublished anything in condemnation of slavery, itwould be readily noticed and copied into the Liberator.But the Liberator has two departments toits columns, and no matter how strongly any publisheddocument might condemn slavery, if itsnone were not atempered to the true Abolitionspirit, the amazed writer would find to his consternationhis own rebuke of slavery reprinted in thenext Liberator under the heading of Pro-Slavery.There was and is indeed abundant matter to fillnot that department of the parper from the mean-spiritedpalliatious and the miserable attempts atthe Justification of slavery, which the sad controversyhas called forth. Still it was evident thatthe Editor had a relish for inserting under that departmentof his paper any extract from a sermonor a speech which did not come fully up to thetest-makr of Abolitionism. dough-faces. It was by this course of the Abolitionists, pursuedand followed out into many like tracks whereit would be invidious to trace it, that a certain portionof the Unitarian body here, lay and clerical,were stigmatised as Pro-Slavery. And by one ofthose singular absurdities which such an idleclassification involved, one honored clergymanamong US, whom probably we all revere as a modelof guileless and most Christian conscientiousness,and who would have submitted to any. earthly sufferingbefore he would have given aid or comfortto the slaveholder in his sin, wan publicly spokenof as the greatest Pro-Slavery man in Boston.—The simple meaning of this highly figurative languagebeing, (hat he was moat sensitive to thewaste of energy by the Abolitionists, to the impracticabilityof their measures, and the unkindnesswhich they used towards their brethren. While therefore thin win well understood to hethe meaning of Pro-Slavery here, many to whomthe term was attached did not care n straw to rebutit, mid several ministers and societies around uswere freely spoken of in the Abolition prints asbeing Pro-Slavery. On this side the Water the epithetwas harmless, because explained by localities. But when these Abolition prints crossed theocean, and were circulated among the English,who stumble at several of the word* which theyallege that we have introduced into the language,there was possibly room for misapprehension.Then letters from this neighborhood to brethrenthere, and statements made by the living voice, affirmedthat some of us were pro-slavery. Hints,too, were thrown out that it would he well if theEnglish Unitarians would write us letters of remonstrance,stir us up to action, appeal to us on theground of our professed Christian liberality of soul,or at any rate try to make us blush for upholdingSlavery. Some of our good brethren abroad puttheir heads together, and resolved to get up a letterof remonstrance, but they were obliged to obtainthe facts on which its statements were basedfrom the zealous Anti-Slavery men here. It wasknown that some of the American Unitarians hadbeen distinguished in the Abolition cause, andit was inferred that all whose names were notmentioned with this honor, were, of course, as theywere represented to be, Pro-Slavery men. TheLetters began to come; respectful in terms, tooUncalled for not to convey a reproach, too weakto effect anything if that it reproach had been deserved.Some few among us were inclined to takeaffront at what they regarded as impertinence. Forourselves we were rather amused than irritated. Weindeed marvel that our English brethren, involvedin public outrages and iniquities which were sustainedby their own government—such as the impositionof a State Church—the exclusiveness ofthe State Universities—the thrusting of opiumdown the throats of the Chinese, at the point ofthe bayonet.—the wars of the Seined,—and the oppressionof Ireland—we did marvel that our Englishbrethren, familiar with these public iniquitiesof their own, which still required wisdom and prudencein those who would successfully opposethem did not make some allowance for others inlike circumstances. It never occurred to us to getup a letter them to ask whether they were doingall in their power, and in the best way, to purifythe English realm from all its offences against manand God. We indeed marvel that our Englishbrethren, any of them, should assume that, professingto be ministers of Christ, we needed their reprooffrom across the water, without first summoningwitnesses to convict us of wrong, and listeningto our own plea. But we observed that the first Englishletter, as well as all that have come to us since,lacked the signatures of those whom we most highlyesteem and regard, those who know the mostabout our position here, and who have had personalintimacies with American Unitarians. Knowingtoo by what processes such Letters are got upand furnished with signatures, we were content toread them without a thought of participating in ananswer. Indeed we considered them only asechoes from the zealous Anti-Slavery men of ourown neighborhood, who, after urging the charge ofPro-Slavery against some of their brethren here,wished to hear how it would sound if uttered onthe other side of the ocean. It is the same voice. Anti Pro Last winter, some few Unitarian ministers happeningto meet in a Boston Book Shop—a not unusualoccurrence—were addressed by one of ourgood lay-brethren with the request that such ofthem as had visited England, and had personal acquaintancewith any of the English Unitarian Ministers,would join in a hospitable invitation to themto visit us at the time of the Spring Anniversaries.They acceded to the request, and afterwards turnswho had not been abroad added their names. Thishumble letter of courtesy by some strange processfound its way to the public meeting of the Britishand Foreign Ontarian Association. A long andwarm discussion was started from it, and some ofthe members were horrified at the report that oneof the many Vice-Presidents of our own UnitarianAssociation, which was one of the Societies ourforeign guests would be likely to be interested in,was a Slaveholder. Little did our worthy Secretary,when, in the month of May, 18-16, conjuringup a list of the names of distinguished men overthe country who called themselves Unitarians, andplacing on it a Carolinian who had shielded theHon. Mr. Hoar from the rage of slaveholders in hisembassy to Charleston,—little did he think whata stake was to depend on his selection. Probablynot ten persons who voted the list of Vice-Presidents,knew that it embraced a slaveholder. Someamong us regard the word Unitarian as about as,comprehensive as we do the word Dictionary—thecommon genus embracing many species and varieties. However, some of our English brethren weregreatly alarmed by this new manifestation of thePro-Slavery spirit in our midst, and the result is,another letter of remonstrance, several yards long,beautifully written, signed by fifty-four ministersand about fifteen hundred laymen. The documentPossesses to us an exceeding high value, as exhibitingthe democratic spirit of our brotherhood inGreat Britain and Ireland. As every signer annexeshis calling or craft to his name, we learn thatbesides 'gentlemen' several respectable green-grocers,dry-slathers, muffin-bakers, coal-heavers, snuffer-makersand wire-workers, &c., profess our views. Pro The document is appropriately suspended in theOffice of our offending Secretary. On him liesthe burden of the VICE-President. How it willhaunt his slumbers and conjure up dread terrorsbefore his guilty soul(!!) Let copies of the documentwith its signatures be printed and distributedto each of our minister, so that any of them whomay hereafter go abroad, may understand thatthey are not to expect tea,—nor yet muffins, fromany one who signed, that remonstrance, G.E.E. ICE We are gratified to find the firm and liberalspirit which prevailed in the Senate to-day. Itsdecision was in direct opposition to the coursewhich the House pursued yesterday. An abolition petition was presented from Indians.The rule of the Senate has hitherto been toLoy the question of reception on the table, and thusthe petition itself is put to sleep. But to-day, Mr. John P. Hale,the new senator from New Hampshire,moved to receive the petition—of coursewith a view to its reference to a report and a dilateupon this agitating subject. But we arehappy to say this motion was rejected by a decidedmajority; and the Senator from New Hampshiretakes nothing by his motion.—Washington Union. Loy the question of reception on the table Washington Union. The total liabilities of all the houses that haverecently failed in England, are said to be one hundredand seventeen millions and a half of dollars 
