 MY DEAR SIR: Y EAR IR A word as to your comment on my letter to the Arlingtonmeeting, the report of whose proceedings I havejust read. I regret that any slight ambiguity in mylanguage should have made possible such a constructionas you put upon it: and had I been aware of theproposed meeting at Manchester, should have been moreon my guard against misconceptions. But could youseriously suppose me capable either of believing that theBritish government desire to hallow the anniversaryof West India emancipation, or of calling GeorgeThompson and his friends, supporters of oppressions inany shape! possible Your statement that only the radical lovers of freedomreally rejoice in this glorious anniversary is, ofcourse, perfectly true. But there are, unquestionably, agreat many people in England who are inconsistentenough to education and sustain the government in manyof its oppressive features and measures, while they profuse,and in some cases perhaps feel, in a measure, awholesome indignations against slavery, an institutionsafely got rid of and quite unpopular in that country.And it is not too much to amuse, that very many suchpersons would attend a celebration of the 1st of August,and profess sympathy therewith. These are the 'supportersof the government,' of whom I spoke as celebratingthe day in vain. I cannot think you believe inconsistenciesof this class to be confined to our side ofthe ocean. really rejoice With sincere regard,Very truly yours,SAMUEL JOHNSON. Wm. L. Garrison. ☞The slight criticism we made upon a passage inthe letter of our respected friend, has drawn from himjust such an explanation as we deemed to be necessary,on his part, to prevent his language being applied by those who hate England for her many faithfulanti-slavery testimonies. On hearing his letterread, the qualifying words 'supporters of' the Englishgovernment escaped our attention; but, ever with thisqualification, the  stands as we stated it—for, saidfrom a few active abolitionist and reformers in land, there are none who  the  ofWest India  either is a  or anyother spirit. 'The supporters of the government,' whoare  with its  take no interestin the most — Ed. Lib.  supporters of           
