 We make no apology—our readers, we are sure, willexact none—for occupying so large a portion of ourpresent number, as well as last week's, with the spiritedand impressive proceedings of the Grand Anti-SlaveryConference, which was held in Manchester, England,on the glorious 'first of August.' The fusion ofall parties, sects and opinions, in that Conference, forgetfulof all other points, excepting the duty of seekingthe overthrow of chattel slavery throughout theworld, and especially in the United States, is an eventto be hailed by all on this side of the Atlantic, who areyearning to see the day when not a salve shall treadour soil, from the Atlantic to the Pacific. It is anevent, too, that we have hardly dared to hope for; becausestrong and antagonistically as is the spirit of religioussectarianism in this country, it is still more un-yieldingin England; and because, the nature of theanti-slavery struggle in America differs so widelyfrom that of the conflict in England for the overthrowof West India slavery,—requiring a direct attack alikeupon the Church and the State, and a spirit of self-sacrificelittle apprehended abroad,— we had come to theconclusion that the position of the American Anti-SlaverySociety could not be intelligently comprehendedand endorsed by our trans-Atlantic well-wishers, andthat they would still continue to sympathize (as theyhave hitherto done) for more with superficial than withradical anti-slavery man and measures in the UnitedStates. The utmost harmony appears to have prevailed onthe occasion, excepting in the case of our friend JosephBARKER, who, being pressed for time, and wishing toleave his testimony behind him against that 'sum of allvillainies, 'American slavery, endeavored to make himselfheard, but was declared by the Chairman to be outof order, as the Rev. Samuel R. Ward had been selectedas the next speaker. Mr. W. being similarly  fortime, having an engagement to fulfill elsewhere, was alsonaturally desirous, as a colored man specially, torecord his protest against the game great abomination.The particulars may be found in another column.—In itself considered, as a matter of Parliamentary order,the occurrence was very trivia; but the and unworthy efforts made by the mosting to preventwhatever Mr. BARKER might be disposed to say frombeing heard, clearly indicated on their part somethingmore, in our opinion, than a due regard for any technicalityof that kind. It is true that the Chairman, andtwo or three of the clerical speakers, positively and reportedlydeclared that, in insisting upon Mr. Barkertaking his , they were actuated solely by a regardfor the rules of order, and not by any religious prejudice—and they should be allowed the benefit of thisdisclaimer; still, as Mr, Barker is at present excitinga good deal of religious opprobrium in England, by hispublic discussions and lectures in opposition to the  dogma of the plenary inspiration of the Bible,and is every where abusively branded as an 'infidel'of the worst kind, it is apparent that the Manhim far leas respectfully thanthey would have treated any clergyman of that body, to make himself heard under the same  Indeed, it was  by the Rev. Dr.Beard, that the Committee had put their heads together,prior to the meeting, to determine what should bedone with Mr. Barker, in case he should take the and they had  that hehimself to the object the meeting had in view in comingtogether '? ? what right had they to anticipate anything to the ? what other person did theythink thus to sit in judgment upon? ARKER   ARKER              
