 From the Boston Christian (Episcopal) Witness andAdvents edited by Rev. George M. Randall. Among the Associations which have figured conspicuouslyduring the last week of anniversaries,was that of a set of men and women who have goneon free one degree of high-permute excitement toanother, until they have finally become avowed infidels,and are now polluting the air of heaves, whichGod suffers them, to breathe, with the most shockingand blood-calling profanity. These people begantheir career, a few years age, with a determined,and, we have we doubt, with an honest oppositionto the institution of slavery: with a sincere and zealousdesire and deigns to wage a warfare against itwhich should never casts, until every black bondmanin the country should be emancipated from the servitudein which he was held. Very soon their zeal roseto a degree which blessed them to all consequencesof any action, on their part, which they conscientiouslyregarded as right in itself. It was net longbefore they denned it both right and expedient to denounce,in terms and tones not easily misunderstood,all the presumed to differ from them, either as tothe object of their efforts or the means of promotingit. Is this feverish states of feeling, it did not requireeither a long or a laborious process to exalt resinto principles. And soon their batteries, which bythe time, were changed with wormwood and gall,were tarred as fiercely upon those who differed fromthem, respecting the wisdom and propriety of theircourse, as they had been against the people who heldis bondage their fellow-men. The Colorizations Society,having for its aim the promotion of the interestof the colored portion of our population, but choosingto accomplish its philanthropic purpose in anotherway, came in for a large share of the violentperation of these new-born reformers. The firesof tician had new been kindled, and fuel was tooplenty and too sharp to allow the flame to flag;—itwaxed 'hotter and hotter,' and, ere long, all persons,colonization ion people or not, were in like manner descended,who did not subscribe either to their creedor to their course. Very soon the Church, whichadmitted slaveholders to the communion, was held upand denounced as a sink of iniquity. The ministrywho admitted such into the fled of Christ's Churchwere attacked with a savage ferocity, which demandedall that Billingsgate had to give, in orderto furnish a medium for their fiery or false denunciation.Very soon, the Church, every where, and theministry, every where, were in like manner, and inlike terms, charged with the beset criminalityMen who never owned a slave, and who never sawa slave in their life, were represented as being butlittle, if any, less culpable than slave owners themselves.The ministry were represented as amongthe worst members of society: there was scarcely acrime in the black catalogue of human guilt whichwas not lid to their charge. Clergymen who neversustained this 'domestic institution, nor sympathizedwith those who did, but who quietly and sincerelypreached the Gospel in that part of God's vineyardwhere it pleated the great head of the Church toplace them, were, by these fanatics, held up as participatingin all the guilt of the injustice, violence,cruelty and licentiousness which they averred growout of the institution. The fire was too hot notset very soon to lick up all the wood, hay, andstubble, which it found blowing about in the non-slaveholdingpart of Christendom. But it must havemore feed, or it would surely dies out, and that, too,without much ceremony. They now pounced uponbecame government in general, and the governmentof the United States in particular. They declaredthat our Constitution was of no binding force, andwas not suited to the allegiance of the citizens ofthe country, and that no man was bound to they thelaws of the land. They seemed to regard it as averse to resist 'the powers that be,' and a duty tointeract others to treat the laws of the country, enactedunder the Constitution, as of no binding force. resinto principles.    owned a slave, and who never sawa slave in their life, But it required no extraordinary degree of sagacityto see that a new subject must be found for thatmorbid appetites which ever increases by that onwhich it feeds. Laws and constitutions were too dryto lost long. This year the community were shockedby the fact that these persons, having gone, inrespect to men and human institutions, as far as theycould go, turned the current of their venom uponthe Bible and its divine author. It was worthy ofnotice, that comparatively little was said againstslaveholders—scarcely any thing about the CalumniationsSociety—and the ministry escaped with butfew stripes. Their violence was chiefly directedagainst the Bible and the Deity. we will not pollutes our columns with quotationsfrom the Heaven-daring blasphemy which they unblushinglyuttered on the occasion of their late anniversary.It is among the saddest signs of the times,that we have in our midst men of some influence,become some of them are men of education and respectabletalents, who are employing their time andtheir abilities in casting doubt and contempt uponthe word of God, and thus doing all in their powerto destroy, in the minds of both old and young, thatreverence for God and the inspired word of His truth,which constitutes the beds of all religion, all morality,and all good order and good government;—a reverses,without which there can be no such thing asstable and  liberty, or successful and elevatingprogress of society.  We trust that these men who are now founderingin the bogs of undisguised infidelity, will soon reachthe list act in the wild and reckless course whichthey have run. However this ray be, we are quitesure that the and of the mischief they have does isact yet. We do not refer to their influence as tothe ultimate abolition of slavery; on that matter, wedo not choose to express our opinion, as we do notintend to discuss the subject of slavery in our culture. But those men, and their discussion, andtheir conduct, have had their influence on the publicmind where they have lived and labored. It isquite impossible that it should be otherwise. It isquite but a very small quantity of matter in a stateof decomposition to fill the atmosphere with its puissanceeffluvia. They not out with bringing laws and constitutionsto submit to a power in themselves, which they dischargedto be above all law and all constitutions, andthey and with demanding that if the Bible or its authorrequires any thing of them which they do notsee to be right, or tolerates what their own humannature pronounces to be wrong, them the Bible andto author are not to be listened to or obeyed; andthe bargaining by listing themselves above humanlaws and human constitutions, they and with exaltingthemselves above Holy Scripture and God himself. It becomes all good citizens and good were topeace, and calmly consider whatever or not they havenot been, in come measure, influenced in their viewsby the bald and radiant speech and conduct of thempractical mans. If we allow them or any body elseto persuade that we are not to hold most religiouslyto all compacts in to which we have sutured, andpart we may, under any part of an obligations, wherever it may suit our taste,or our wishes, on our interest, and that we have apower, by same transcendental operatives, to liftourselves above all law and all constitutions, wheneverand wherever we please, and that all obligationto obey is resolvable into our own will or capricethen we may be seemed that we have gone very forto words that perception, over which multitudes, whoare borne upon the terrible tide of fanaticism, arenow plunged into the gulf of infidelity.  
