 Were it not for the coarse and pitiful vain ofblasphemy which runs through them, the meetingsof the Anti-Slavery Society, Old Organization,would afford the rarest amusement which annuallyvisits the community. The manifest efforts whichthe speakers make to utter the most sarcastic, themost violent and the most ludicrous exclamations, ofwhich the English language is susceptible, are bothamusing and instructive, and to a lover of fun farexceed any or all of the exhibitions of the circusclowns in the country. For us, the perusal of the reports of the speechesand resolutions of there meetings affords a greatdeal of amusement, although it is occasionally tingedwith sadness, as we cannot suppress an emotionof pity, when we see the ebullitions of childish rageand imbecility, aimed not at their fellow-men, but atthe Creator of the world and-the Supposes Ruler ofthe universe. There is one feature of these meetings which affordsan illustration of the old truism that men are butchildren of a larger growth, and that is, the mannerin which they quarrel with each other, when anybrother ventures to dissent, in the least from anystandard creed of this order of Illuminati. Theypounce upon one another, for the slightest differenceof opinion, with the same ferocity with which theyassail those whom they most hate. If it should byany chance happen, (which, however, is impossible,)that such men could in any manner influence or controlthe destinies of the country, and, for even abrief space, become the rulers of the sty, whichthey seem to consider their country to be, withnose to put a ring in their nose, or throw a sop totheir unnatural cravings, they would speedily overturnthe foundations of their own edifice, and devourthe fruit of their own bodies. We have perused all the reports of these meetings,and they are all worth perusal, for in such a vastseries of the climaxes of absurdity and invective,some incidents and intense are found in eachreport, which, in the wild confusion, escaped others. History records that a certain king was wont toexhibit drunkenness to his children, in order to deterthem from intoxication. If such lessons be ofany value to deter the inexperienced and unfoldingmind from crime and disgrace, we can imagine nobetter way, if people wish to preserve their childrenfrom following in the footsteps of these wild fantastic,them to let them read the speeches and resolution oftheir meetings. At the meetings the present season, the oratorshave increased in their manificutatious of hostility tothe Bible, and particularly to the Old Testament.There is a manifest advance in the tune of disregardand contempt in which they regard the Bible,or parts of it, over the demonstrations of formeryears. 
