 On the 4th of July, the opponents of accession hada great gathering at Greenville, South Caroline. It isand that not less than 4, 000 participated in the ceremoniesof the day. The Greensville Patriot states thatnever before was there any celebration at that placeat all comparable to it. 'Early in the morning crowdsof have beings rolled through our streets like thebillows of the ocean.' The Farewell Address ofWashington was road, as was also a patriotic ode, afterwhich Gen. Waddy Thompson addressed the vastmultitude. An address and resolutions were reportedby a committee, and adopted. Secession is opposedfor the following reasons:— Greensville Patriot 'But neither the going of the South, nor thecoming to of the North, will stay the uplifted handof secession in South Carolina! A State Conventionhas been called and members elected at a mostunreasonable time, in order to prevent discussionand division among the people! A majority of themembers, elected by less than one-fourth of therates of South Carolina, are pledged to a separateState secession. It is believed, however, that amajority of the people of this State are opposed toseparate secession, and a majority of her leadingmen have so expressed themselves. There is danger,then, of South Carolina going out of the Unionat the bidding of one-fourth of her population,and against the advice and counsel of her Chevesand Barnwell, and her Butler, and all his former ascentsamong the Judiciary of the State. It behooves the people then, to look to this master,and see if there be no means of defeating it andsaving the State. That secession will involve SouthCarolina in bloody civil wars and ruinous taxation,weaker and ultimately destroy the institution of slaveryand end in the degradation of the State, yourCommittee have not the slightest shadow of a doubt.That it is any remedy at all for the evils of whichthe secessionists complain, is to the minds of yourcommittee, preposterous and absurd. It will not restoreCalifornia, or open any wider the admissionof slavery into Utah and New Mexico. It cannotincrease the area of slavery, or prevent legislationon the part of Congress in relation to slavery. 'But secession will, if successful, most effectuallycircumscribe the area of slavery, and utterly ruin itis South Carolina. As soon as the State goes outof the Union every slave in it, and all their descendants,is all time to come, will be fixtures on our soil!If one should chance to be carried over the Savannahriver, has owner will forfeit, under the laws ofthe United States ten thousand dollars and incureven your's imprisonment and stand committed tillthe fine is paid! White persons may leave theState, but slaves cannot. Their labor may be valueless,but here they most remain. In the course oftime, their owners will run off and leave them, andSouth Carolina will become a black State, a secondSan Domingo, by the wisdom of secession. black State 'Once out of the Union, seeing the fate that awaitsher, South Carolina may attempt to avoid it by goingback into the Union; but here she may be not by amajority in Congress who will apply to her Constitutionthe Wilmot Proviso, as a condition precedentto her reentering the Confederacy of States! Herdoom will then be fixed beyond the possibility ofhope. 'Secession will deprive us of the constitutionalguarantee which we now have on the Northernpeople to surrender our fugitive slaves. We shallthen see Georgia and Alabama sending after andbringing back their fugitive slaves, but South Carolinacannot pursue hers, or attempt to bring themback. 'It is well known that the police regulations inCharleston, in relation is colored seamen, would notbe tolerated by Great Britain, but for the strengthand power of the Federal Government. Were SouthCarolina an independent nation, she would be theto repeal them. Indeed, we should be theprey of the abolitionists in all quarters of the world.and in no kingdom or nation on earth is that cleanmore powerful than in Great Britain. Her BritainMajesty's present consul in Charleston was sent,as we have understood, to effect a repeal of thesepolice regulations is relation to the imprisonment ofcolored seamen. By secession we give up all interest South Carlinehas in the territories, in the public lands, into the United States, and int the army and navy. Wewill be best without a vessel to protect our commerce,or a sail to defend our flag on the high seas. Weshall have neither a navy nor an army, nor the meansof raising and maintaining either the one or theother. The whole property of the State, lands andnegroes, goods and chattels, moneys and credits,would not support an army and navy capable of defendingour nationality five years! Our weaknessand insignificance in the eyes of the world wouldalmost deprive us of admission into the family of independentnations. If admitted, the republic, orkingdom, or oligarchy of South Carolina could hardlymaintain her foreign missions at the differentcourts of Europe. Hundreds and thousands of her citizens wouldinto the State to avoid the burdens of taxation,and that general blight and gloom which would pervadethe land. No one, however, could move out ofSouth Carolina without being an alien for five years.He would lose the right of citizenship, the right ofvoting, holding lands, serving on juries, and holdingcommissions under the United States or Statein which be might settle.  Living in South Carolina,we shall neither be able to inherit the lands ofour parents, children, or kindred, in the other States,nor will they be enabled t inherit ours! 'The is not all, nor the tenth of the evils and misfortunesto which accession will bring this onceproud and gallant State of the Confederacy. Hercommerce will forsake her—Charleston will no longerbe the emporium of the South. She can onlyimport for her own merchants, and sell to her owncitizens. Not a bale of her goods call got beyondher limits, in consequence of the duties which theywould have to pay. We should no longer see themerchants of Georgia and Alabama, Tennessee andNorth Carolina and Mississippi coming to tradewith Charleston. The cities of Augusta and Savannahon the one side, and Wilmington on the other,would literally strip her of her commerce, and makeher a pauper State compared to what she is now.of giving her prosperity by levying tenper cent. on goods now free of duties, and made inthe Northern States, for the purpose of having themsmuggled over the Savannah river, could have originatedwith none but a secessionist. 'The moment South Carolina secedes from theUnion, her railroads will be valueless, and her banksdestroyed. Her manufactories and public improvementswill sink into utter insignificance. Not abunch of yarn can get over the mountains of NorthCarolina without paying heavy duties. Every loadof apples or Irish potatoes which we receive inreturn must be stopped at the custom house, and payduties. The value of our lands will be destroyed,and our capital and enterprise driven from the State. 'But it is in vain to suppose that South Carolinawill thus be permitted peaceably to secede from theUnion. In the language of Mr. Burt, so true andas gallant a son as South Carolina possesses, "weneed expect no such event." The President is swornto enforce the laws, and for this purpose he in put incommand of the army and navy of the United States.the collection of the customs on board a vessel, inthe harbor of Charleston, might at once check makesecession and prevent a resort to force. But if it didnot who can entertain a doubt as to the result of acontest between South Carolina, without an army ornavy, and the United States with both equal to anyin the world for skill and science? A fourfold responsibilityrests between South Carolina, without an army ornavy, and the United States with both equal to anyin the world for skill and science?' A fearful responsibility rests on him who urges the State into sounequal a conflict.' Letters were received and read from Mr. Poinsett,W. J. Grsyson, Samuel Henry Dickson, Wm. C. Preston,and Wm. W. Boyce, Esqs., and Judge JohnBelton O'Neal. The Hon. Wm. C. Preston makes use of the followingstrong Language in his letter:— 'It is impossible, gentlemen, even from my veryrescinded position, not to look with the concern upon the attitude into which our State hasbeen  by the course of the General Government—an attitude requiring her utmost energy, fortitude and discretion.   'A desperate grievance would seem to authorizea desperate remedy, and yet I think not one so distinctive,so suicidal, as separate State secession.Our cases is that of the South, the whole South; andin my judgment, neither policy now hour, fair dealingnor safety, justify us in narrowing it down to amore local concern. South The problem to be worked out is, what is efficient,and not reckless. There is sometimes as much truecourage in declining a desperate advantage as in perishing in it.' 
