 The following is a more full report of the of the Rev. Mr. Thomas, at the Anti-Slavery Meeting.which it was impossible to insert in our lastnumber:—  The Rev. gentleman said he felt it to be his dutyto attend that Nesting having added hi  tothe advertisement which appeared in the Requirerbut he certainly had not anticipated bring  inthe prominent position be then occupied as the accorderof the resolution so eloquently introduced tothe notice of the meeting by the . His naturehad been  with that of the , and he hoped he might nap without beingthought egotistical, that he had enjoyed for someyears, the society and the hospitality of that distinguishedphilanthropist; and he believer it impossiblefor any one to have done so, without being insome degree animated with his spirit and by his example to labor in the good capes of negroipation. He felt that be should not be payingdue respect to the memory, character and labors, ofthe great Clarkson, had he not embraced that opportunity express his abhorrence of a m socruel and inhuman as the Fugitlve law ofAmerican He know that those  many gentlemenpresent more competent than himself to supporta resolution of so much importance as the one submittedto the meeting: but he might presume to saythat there was not one present who felt a deeper interestin every effort made to  the slavesof America from their cruel  and degradedcondition. He had hoped that the m wouldhave been held in Exeter Hall, but it was refusedthem on the ground of their being Unitarians. Hewas not  at the circumstance for the spiritof religious bigotry was alike in all places, in townand country, and wherever it had an opportunity ofexercising its baleful authority, it would do so, evenat the sacrifice of mercy and charity. The samespirit which denied them the use of Exeter Hall thatdiv, attempted, a few years ago to prevent Members.Cri and Remand. two acknowledged delegatesfrom the Anti-Slavery Society in America, fromholding a public meeting at Ipswich, because thosegentlemen were suspected of heresy, having beenseen in company with him, the Unitarian Minister;but he, with the delegates, was resolved on holdinga public meeting and exposing the anti-Christianconduct of those who professed to be lovers of libertyand the friends of humanity. For taking this decidedstep, he was singed out as an object of attackby the editor of a provincial paper, who demanded ofhim a public apology to be made to the venerableClarkson, and to the anti-slavery friends at Ipswich.Mr. Thomas observed that, fortunately for him, hewas some relieved from all anxiety about the affair,by the kindness of his friend Mr. Clarkson, who, notwithstandinghis great age and infirmities, and theinclemency of the weather, being in the depth of winter,waited upon Mr. Thomas to assure him of his approvalof the step he and the delegates had taken byholding an anti-slavery meeting in spite of sectarianopposition. (Hear.) The speaker said that he mentionedthin circumstance to show that as Unitariansthey were not to expect any favors from their Orthodoxneighbors,—no, not even the use of a room in whichto hold a meeting to advocate the cause of justiceand humanity. After noticing some of the publishedstatements of eminent scholars and divines in America,who countenanced the odious Fugitive Slavemeasure, he said it appeared to him impossible toreconcile them with the benevolent  of theGospel of Christ, which demanded of all men 'thatthey should do unto others as they would wish to bedone into.' He would not indulge in any hatowards the pro-slavery advocates in America,but he thought it was their duty as a Christinabody, to send across the Atlantic a stern remonstranceagainst all, whether Unitarian or Trinitarian,who supported so cruel and so as the Fugitive Slave Bill of America. He wishednor to detain the meeting longer and thereforebegged most cordially to second the resolution.  Requirer                    
