 As American correspondent of the Boston Atlas,who it giving a series of 'Parisian Portraits' isthat paper, describes Alexander Dumas, the celebratednegro author, as follows. He first saw himat a 'Ball of the Dramatic Fund,' held in one of theOpera Houses in Paris. Five years since—it won my first month in Paris—I attended one of these balls, and gazed aboutas any young man would, who bad just Been transplantedfrom the Southern backwoods to a gaymetropolis. A kind friend pointed out the mostnoted personages present, and when ton evening;was half spent, took me into the box of MadameRachel, to whom he presented me. Reserving theQueen of Tragedy for a future portrait, I shall notnow describe her, or the conversation, which wassuddenly interrupted by the entrance of a tall,fashionably dressed man, who kissed MadameRachel's hand, and was cordially received. Andyet I felt a strong disposition to kick him out of thebox! Why? Because, as I have just said, I wasfresh from the 'sunny South,' and it seemedwrong for a white lady, of such acknowledged talent,to be so familiarly treated by a mulatto. Yes,the new corner was a mulatto, "with thick lips, afrizzled woolly head, and all the peculiarities ofthe negro race. Luckily for him, though, he doesnot inhabit a 'land of liberty'—his breast is coveredwith the jewelled orders bestowed upon himby the Sovereigns of Europe—he is a guest attheir tables—he lives in a more princely style thanany man in America—and all strangers visitingParis consider it a rare favor to be introduced tothis mulatto—Alexandra Dumas. white lady mulatto. mulatto mulatto Dumas was born at Villers Cotterets, a smallFrench hamlet, on the 23d of July, 1803. Hismother was from the West Indies, his father wasan officer in Napoleon's army, where his braverywon him a general's commission, but be died thirty-sevendays before he had served thirty years—necessary in order to obtain a pension for hiswillow. The public treasury thus economised thewidow's mite, and she had nothing but thirty acresof ground, to the proceeds of which she was soonenabled to join six hundred francs a year, the rentof a license to sell tobacco. This was obtainedfor her by M. de Violaines, her cousin, who wasforest guard of the Duke of Orleans, now king,and by his advice Alexander was sent to a villageschool, kept by an old priest, who charged hisscholars sixty cents per mouth. Here Dumas acquired hit education, and at theage of fifteen was apprenticed to a Notary Public,in whose office be copied deeds until be was twenty,only dreaming of some day Incoming Notary-Generalof the District. Just then the Count deLeuven was exiled from Paris by the Bourbons,and coming to reside at Villers Cotterets, Dumasbe same acquainted with young Adolphe de Leaven,who had just left college. He inflamed Dumaswith a desire to compose pieces for the theatres,and the two young men wrote a vaudevillecalled Un Diner d'Amis. It was sent to a manager,but he refused to have it performed, allegingthat it would certainly be hissed—a refusal thatonly stimulated the writers to compose another—But the literary partnership was dissolved by thereturn of the Leuvens to Paris, and Dumas determinedto follow them. His mother sold her plotof land, giving him sixty francs, (less than twelvedollars,) and her bleating-he played a game ofdominoes with the stage proprietor, and won hisplace. Arrived at Paris, he hired a small garret ata hotel in the Place des Italians, and called onGeneral Foy, who had been his father's friend, toask for some situation which would enable him togain his bread until his literary labors were productive. vaudeville Un Diner d'Amis. 'What canst thou do.? asked the General.* * 'Nothing,' replied Dumas. 'Nothing! Why, thou must know a little ofmathematics, of drawing, of grammar, of latin—infact, all those studies that every one knows?' 'No, General, I must say that I have never beena very hard student, and am deplorably ignorant.' 'Diable! That is embarrassing. No matter;leave me thy address, and I will see what I canfind for thee to do.' Dumas sat down at a table, took some paper, andwrote. The General, who had been watching bim,cried out— 'Well, well! Didst thou not say thou didst notknow any thing? and I see thy handwriting issplendid. That is something, and I hope willprocure thee a good place.' Three years afterwards, Dumas entered the Secretary'soffice of the Duke of Orleans, as copyingclerk, and soon brought out, with De Leuven andRousseau, a piece called the "Chasse a l'Amour,'which had fifty representations, and brought himfour francs each time. In France, literary propertyis regarded as the result of the most noblefaculties of man, and is entitled to the same protectionas any merchandise. Here in America, ifa wealthy manufacturer purchases a patent right,the law enables him to recompense himself for hisinvestment; while the editor who pays a high pricefor an article, seen it copied into sheets whichboast of being 'cheaper than any other, withoutthe slightest acknowledgment. Chasse a l'Amour Dumas' success as a dramatic writer soonplaced him in independent circumstances; but,like the ancient warrior who sighed for moreworlds to conquer, be was not content with theapplause of the theatre, and became a Romancer.This class of writings the French claim as peculiarlyand entirely their own. Long and brillianthas thus been the sway of romance in France, andthe most popular of its ministering writers, byfar, is Alexander Dumas. His writings are readwith far greater avidity than those of Sue, Baizac,or even that gifted woman whose syren-likethoughts win the heart, while they destroy He purity—George Sand. Dunass resides near St Germain, on the read toMarly, formerly inhabited by Louis XIV, and nowthe summer retreat of many a literary character,among the rest Mr. Vattemare, whose system ofinternational exchange is so much talked of. Theinvited goes by railroad to St. Germain, whereDumas' carriage, with richly liveried servants, is inwaiting, and his blood-horses soon whirl you to theterrace before the chateau. Here you can see theold palace in which James II. died, the pavilion inwhich Louis XIV. was born, the house of Sully,the aqueduct of Marty, the winding Seine, and Parisin the distance. The chateau eclipses all buildingsin its vicinity, and though far inferior in sizeto many, is probably the most beautiful structurein the world. It is built of white cut stone, exquisitelycarved about the doors and windows, after themodels of Jean Goujon, and is a realization, withoutand within, of the castles erected in the clouds,by young hearts, in their dreamy hours. There isa drawing room, gorgeous with gold and scarlet—alibrary, whose shelves groan under richly boundvolumes a conservatory, filled with exotics—anarmory, containing gifts from sovereigns—an eatingroom, furnished with carved oak, and under it awine cellar which would tempt a temperance lecturer. Behind the house there is a large garden, in thecentre of the garden there is a large pond, In thecentre of the pond there is s small pavilion, andreaching it by a small boat you will find Dumas.—There he labors like Sisyphus, from dawn all lateat night, surrounded by some half dozen collaborateurs.One of these is perhaps engaged on a romanceanother on history, another on a drama'another answering letters—and I have heard itsaid that Briarmus, with his hundred arms, couldnot write as much as Dumas composes; whileold Boreas himself would be exhausted, if he, attemptedto follow his improvisations. Say; for instance,that a historical romance in ordered forsome newspaper. Dumas sends a young man toransack die Royal Library for notes illustrating theepoch. These are rend to him at night, when hehas gone to bed tired out, and the next morningone of his collaborators receives the plot Whenhe has worked it up, Dumas hears it read, orderingadditions and corrections. This is done two orthree times, and then he copies it out for the press;for every line that appears under his signature goesto the printer in his own hand writing. A finelarge round hand it is, too, remarkably clear, andnever degenerating in neatness at the close, asmost men's do. collaborateurs. collaborators Dumas' pen is mortgaged to the Presse andConstitutioned, to each of which he agreed fortwo years since to furnish nine thin volumes, forfive successive years—receiving upwards of$12,000 per annum. He has also the profits arisingfrom their subsequent publication in book form,and the representation of his dramas. Not longago, he was one night at the theatre, superintendingthe rehearsal of one of his dramas, and complainedthat the stage was too small. 'Build aa theatre for yourself, and make me stage manager,'said the master carpenter—in eleven monthsthe Theatre Historique was opened. It surpassesany theatre in the world in the historicalcorrectness of its costumes and richness ofdecoration, and only represents Dumas' originalpieces. Some of these are derived from his works,others translated, and he has just rendered to theParisians the burning words of passion, of love, ofhatred, and of glory, spoken by the bard of Avon,in all their original sublimity. Presse Constitutioned Theatre Historique To give even a brief sketch of Dumas' romanceswould be a year's labor. Monte Christs standsunrivalled, unless it be by the Memoires d'un Medecin,which describes the fall of the Bastile, the Directory,the Empire, and the Restoration. TheVicomte de Bragelonne, now publishing in theSiecle, is full of interest and emotion, and a remarkablebook, though replete with improhabilities. Monte Christs Memoires d'un Medecin Vicomte de Bragelonne Siecle His travels in Italy and Syria all are familiarwith, and, like his recent work on Spain, give amore correct idea of the country than could beaccomplished by the most labored delineations.—He visited Spain in the suite of the Duke de Montpeunsier,and his personal appearance, sparklingwit and generous extravagance, created a greatsensation at Madrid. He was serenaded, salutedby applause at the theatres, and had his praiseschanted by all the many poets. None of theseovations are mentioned in his book, in which amore carnation of the amusing personal adventuresof his friends serves as a canvas on which to givevivid sketches of national peculiarities and manners.He was enabled, while in Spain, to indulgehis love of dress and gallantry—vices to which heis much addicted—and on his return found that hisservants had plundered his house and wine mostunmercifully—yet such was the sale of his book,that the voyage was a clear gain of nearly fourthousand dollars. 'There is only one country Iwish to see,' said Dumas last soring as we weretaking a cup of coffee together one day on theBoulevard. 'And what country is that?' I asked.'America.' 'Come over, then; it is but a fortnight'sjourney.' 'The distance is nothing, butthe idea that I might be insulted on account of mycomplexion, is a sufficient barrier to keep meaway. Why, sir, I was on my way to St. Germainone day in the cars, and though my knowledge ofEnglish is imperfect, distinctly understood a ladyto say, that in the United States I would be expelledfrom the car.' * The French me the second person singular inspeaking to near relatives or intimate friends. It isalso commentary to These servants and children. * The French me the second person singular inspeaking to near relatives or intimate friends. It isalso commentary to These servants and children. 
