 Messrs. Editors: I looked into Faneuil Hall onThursday evening, to see and hear what was goingon among the 'Garrisonites' or the abolition party,so called. It seems that there is a break up betweenthe 'Garrisonites and Haleites,' as the formermet at Faneuil Hall, and the latter at the TremontTemple, on the above evening. TremontTemple was well filled, to hear Mr. Hale's speech,but at Faneuil Hall there was a small party, whichconsisted of not over one hundred whites, blacks,and a few loafers, who huddled round the stoves tokeep warm. Those who acted as the officers ofthe meeting, were seated behind the rostrum withanother squad, who gave ear (among the rest JohnA. Innis of Salem) to the first speaker, Wm. LloydGarrison, the hot headed abolitionist, who went onwith a long strain of old worn threadbare remarks,which had become as rusty as an old saw, withwhich, if a person would try to saw off a log ofwood, the more you would shove the saw, the worseit would squeak. Garrison went in toto for an immediatedissolution of the Union, and called uponall present to recruit and be ready for the issue thathe was about to bring about, as he should probablystrike the first blow to have Massachusetts freefrom the blood-hounds of the South. Messrs. Editors The next speaker introduced was Wendell Phillips,who mounted the rostrum like a roaring lion,with a large bundle of paper, which he stated tobe signed by 40,000 women of Scotland, shippedover to America, to show our women what theScotch had done to help free the poor slaves. TheScotch race was considered by him to be far superiorto all others on the face of the globe. Mr.P. then came down upon the Hon. J.P. Halo withall his might and mind, stating what he thought ofthe abolitionism of Hale—said he would not recantone word he had uttered the evening before, whichwas that he considered John P. Hale to be a firstrate Independent Democrat, but had poured a littlebalm of Gilead into the throats of the anti—slaverymen to raise him into power; and that he hadwatched Mr. Hale, and read his letter of acceptancefor the candidate of President, to the Buffalo Convention.He said Mr. Hale had done nothing inCongress lo break up slavery (as Joe R. Giddings made thefirst more this session) and that he hadnot put forth any documents to show that he wentfor a dissolution of the Union in toto, and unlessbe came out as one dyed in the wool, WendellPhillips would not give him his vote. On the otherhand, he considered Gerrit Smith the 'negro's'friend, and the man who ought to have the honorto be the candidate of the Garrisonites for thePresident of the United States. (!!!) John P. Hale At this stage of the proceedings, which was 11o'clock at night, there seemed to be a flutteringamong the friends of Mr. Hale, who were present,and a shout was made for Osgood. Phillips satdown, find Mr. Osgood, who hailed from Amesbury,commenced his plea for the Hon. Mr. Hale.Mr. O. considered the honorable Senator to be adyed-in-the-wool abolitionist; he would give himhis support, and carry more with him to vole forHale at the ballot box in November. Osgood gaveway amidst shouts of applause, for one Foster,who didn't like the proceedings of Garrison andPhillips in the attacks upon Mr. Hale, and went onand inquired what had the Liberty party done asregards the freeing of slaves. 'Nothing,' said be,'and there is no prospect of any thing being done,unless we strike the first blow. Mr. F. was frequently interrupted in his speechby one H.C. Wright (not Wright of the Chronotype;he probably took his quarters with the Haleitesup at the Temple.) This H.C. Wright haslately made a tour through Great Britain, probablyto raise funds for his own benefit, or to help sendanother negro like Fred Douglass across the water,to abuse the American people, our institutions, & At a quarter past eleven, I left the old cradle andthe false prophets rocking away to know whichwas on the right side of slavery or no slavery.—What an age of humbuggery and foolery we livein. J.M.O. Boston, Jan. 28, 1848. Boston, Jan. 
