 Let us blow away a little of the dust that restson the administration plan and objects of the warin Mexico. Some people's ideas are getting confusedon this subject. What does the administrationdemand? Is it standing out on a point ofhonor, or is it simply fighting for territory Oneor the other of these, certainly. There is nothird element in the case. Peace has been offered.Which, then, is it: Honor or Territory? Forour 'indemnity' must take the shape of territory—can take no other. Are we, IN HONOR,it bound to prosecute this war? Is Mexico deservingof further chastisement? Have we lost, anything which we should regain? Have our armssuffered a reverse, the stains of which must bewiped away? No; every thing has gone on prosperously.We have been successful in every attackand every defence; triumphant in every battle.We have not only vanquished, we have Annihilatedthe army of our enemy. We stand uponthe neck of our foe. What want we, then?Not to prosecute hostilities further, on the groundthat our honor demands it This claim is satisfiedto the fullest measure that any military or barbariancode can demand. point ofhonor for territory Peace IN HONOR Annihilated our honor Does the administration prosecute the war tomake Mexico submit? Mexico has submitted.When Gen. Scott knocked at the gates of hercapital, Mexico seed for peace. She sent hercommissioners, acknowledged herself vanquished,acknowledged the principle of indemnity, and offeredto Mr. Trist, who was empowered to treatfor peace, to make peace, and to give us five hundredthousand square miles of her vacant domain, in dischargeof the claims of the United States. Sheoffered us all of the state of Santa Fe, one-halfof New Mexico, and two-thirds of Upper California.Here was 'indemnity and. security.'Here was pay, and here was peace. Here was anoffer to stop all hostilities on her part, and to surrenderone quarter part of all her territorial possessions,to boot. If this was not a pretty emphaticsubmission, we don't know what constitutes submission. submit? Mexico has submitted. to make peace five hundredthousand square miles one quarter part submission But the terms wore rejected. Why? Becausethe administration demanded more territory.—There was no pretence of any other reason. We,asked for no acknowledgement, no submission, absolutelynothing but what Mexico was ready andwilling to yield, excepting this, and only this—more territory. We demanded the whole of SantaFe, the whole of New Mexico, and all of Upperand Lower California. These states, covering asarea of about seven hundred thousand square miles.or two hundred thousand more than Mexico hadoffered. more territory. hundred Wrap up the question, or disguise it as wemay, under the high sounding and ambiguousterms of honor and security, we have here the gistof the whole matter. The administration demandsof Mexico territory enough to make one hundredStates, earn the size of Massachusetts, and Mexicoonly offers us peace territory enough forseventy such States. This does not satisfy Mr.Polk's Pantagmelian appetite—does not satisfy theadministration. They went the territory for theother thirty States. And here let it be remarked,that if the offer on the port of Mexico to give theUnited States territory enough to make seventyStates of the size of Massachusetts is not sufficientto satisfy the demands of the numerousgentlemen who believe that osr territorial boundariesshould not stop short of the poles of theearth on the North and the South, and the twogreat oceans on the East and the West; yet, nevertheless,the charges of a s, obstinacy, and of madlyrushing upon her own ruin, which have beenso freely made against her, because she did notaccede to the modest demands of Mr. Trist, todeliver up one-third of her territorial possessions.Yet, who among the authors and retailers of thesecharges have ever stopped to look at their impudenceand audacity? And with merely the fainthope of coercing Mexico into acquiescence withthis demand, another enormously expensive campaignis projected. And for this contingent andwholly uncertain recompense, the administrationis willing to incur the hazards and responsibilitiesof an indefinite prolongation of hostilities, theodium and reproach of continuing war where wemight have peace, of being hard and grasping, unjustand robber-like, of being willing to bringembarrassment and loss and disaster to the businessand industry of the country, screwing themas in a vice, in order to sustain the inevitable drainof money to support the war, of burdening besidethe shoulders of the country with a vast nationaldebt; and last, though not least of all, launchingour republican institutions upon that treacheroussea of military glory where all such in the world'shistory have hitherto foundered. hundred peace seventy thirty States.   one-third In this view of the case, what man, of ordinarydiscretion, can hesitate about withholding his supportto the plan of the administration, for settlingour Mexican difficulties? J.S.P. 
