 ESTEENEDD FRIEND GARRISON STEENEDD RIEND ARRISON Mr. Douglass and myself accepted an invitationto this anniversary celebration of Franklin's birthday;and accordingly, at the appointed hour, wewended our way to the Irving house, accompaniedby Mr. John Dick and another friend The companyhad assembled, and were marching into the hallto the inspiring music of Adam's Bugle Band.We arrived just in time to units with the procession.I had myself received a slight intimation that someobjection had been manifested by a few, to theparticipation of Mr. Douglass and myself. This, however,gave me but little uneasiness, believing thatcome what would, the result would prove no detrimentto the cause of freedom.  Mr. Douglass had no cause to apprehend oppositionuntil we had delivered our ticket at the dining-roomdoor; when the host laid an embargo on ourfurther ingress, declaring that we could not be admitted.It was in vain that we protested against hisinsult, and asserted our claim to equal treatmentwith others. We were called intruders, and laid,that 'it was a violation of the rules of society forcolored people to associate with whites,' and werethreatened ejectment by the police. By this timeour presence at the door, the lookers on in the entry,and the passing of words between parties, hadattracted the attention of the company just sealed.We retired to a drawing-room, where the proslaverypoint was contended for by the best, who declaredthat several gentlemen had expressed a determinationnot to allow us a seat with them. Wewere about entering the hall to test the question inpropria persons, intending that decision to supersedewhat the host had proffered us. Several of thecompany had now gathered, some of whom expressedregret at our treatment. It was now proposed tosubmit the question. JAMES KIRK, Jr, chairmanof the committee of arrangements, briefly defined hisposition, and is a commendable manner advocatedour rights. ALEXANDER MASS, Esq., editor of theRochester. American, sad one of the Vice President,nobly came to the rescue, his remar beingloudly applauded—and when the question was calledfor by the chairman, almost the entire companyresponded Aye. The negative was represented bycome six or eight, who meet indeed have fell rebukedby this overwhelming vote. The host, whohad, but a few me wan to before, manifested so bitterand-hostile spirit towards us, new communicated theintelligence that 'there was a lean vote in our favor.'You may he care that, after having been theVictims of so much controversy, so entering thehall, we were 'the observed of ell observers.' Itwas a painful as well as triumphant hoar far Mr.Douglass and myself for reason which abolitionistshardly know how to appreciate. None but the coloredman, the immediate recipient of American pre-slaveryhate, can fatly testify to the emotions excitedby such a development. I care not to dwellupon it. Let me here state, however, that on beingseated, the best offered a string of apologies for hisconduct. Comment is unnecessary. After due attentionto the work spread before them, preparationswere made for the 'feast of reason and the flow ofsoul.' Wit and sentiment, music and poetry, eachlent a charm to enliven the scene. During the volunteerremarks, Mr. Douglass was called far, andbriefly proposed his sentiment. Shortly after, AlexanderMann, Esq. announced to the company thathe had a sentiment to offer, which he hoped and believedwould be responded to by every gentlemanpresent. 'Sir,' said he, 'on occasions of this kind,we should cheerfully lay aside all personal or politicalprejudices.' After speaking in this vein for ashort time in a handsome and liberal manner, thebest calculated to allay any unpleasant feeling, andpreparing the minds of all, he tendered the followingsentiment:— intruders propria persons AMES IRK LEXANDER ASS  Aye. coloredman Frederick Douglass—We recognize in the geniusand cultivation of this orator and philanthropist,good augury of the elevation of his race. Frederick Douglass Mr. Douglass, on rising, was warmly greetedHe confessed himself much embarrassed by the coincidentcircumstances of his present position; butwould not conceal his gratitude, elicited by the sentimentjust offered, and so heartily responded to bythe company. He alluded to the treatment receivedby him while in England, where merit, and not color,was the passport to the highest circles; but that hisfeelings of present satisfaction were of another characterfrom any previously enjoyed. He advertedto his connexion with the Press in Rochester, tothe uniformly kind notice extended to him by thegentlemen connected therewith, as also from thecitizens generally, contrasting it with the abusiveand pro-slavery expression of the New-York SundayDespatch, New-York Express, Bennett's Herald,and the Democratic Review, &—which hewas proud to acknowledge this evening's tributeas an offset. Its recollection would be sufficient toalleviate the bitterness of much past experience, andfortify him with strength for the future. He wishedto add, that whatever he had said or done in relationto slavery, he conscientiously fell it demandedby love to his country, and his oppressed andoutraged brethren at the South and the North. Hisspeech was received with evident attention, andwith loud demonstrations of applause. merit color Philemon Canfield, Esq., who presided, testifiedhis hearty satisfaction with the liberal spirit of thecompany, by rebuking by their vote the wicked prejudiceagainst color. Mr. C. 'is an old Hartfordpublisher, who, though advanced in years, is still devotedto his profession in Rochester.' The antislavery war,waged for the last eighteen years,has indeed been prolific in these exhibitions,and as remarkable for the succession of victories,always the reward of the faithful and persevering.To compare the present with the past—those darkhours when your bugle blast was first soundedamong the hills and valleys of New England—wecan hardly believe the evidence daily presented ofthe onward progress of those mighty principles thenproclaimed to the American nation. The treatmentof the colored man in this country is a legitimateillustration of 'hating those whom we have injured,'and brings to my recollection that chapter in Waverleywhere Fergus Mac Ivar replies to his friend,when being led to execution—' You see the complimentthey pay to our Highland strength and courage.Here we have lain until our limbs are crampedinto palsey, and now they send six soldiers withloaded muskets to prevent our taking the castle bystorm.' The analogy is found in the omnipotentand omnipresent influence of American pro-slaveryin crushing every noble and praiseworthy aspirationof the persecuted colored man. As in nature,the smiles of summer are made sweeter by the frownsof winter, the calm of ocean is made more placid bythe ten pest that has preceded it; so in this moralbattle, these incidental skirmishes will contribute torender the hour of victory indeed a blissful realization. So sure as night precedes day—war ends inpeace, and winter wakes spring—just so sure willthe persevering efforts of Freedom's army be crownedwith victory's perennial laurels. Yours, to the end of the struggle, WILLIAM C. NELL. P.S. The following were among the sentimentsOffered on the above occasion:— By Frederick Douglass.—Gentlemen of theRochester Press—Promoters of knowledge, loversof liberty, foes of ignorance, despisers of prejudice—may you continue to give the world noble examplesby a free and intelligent union of' black with white. Gentlemen of theRochester Press black with white. By J.A. Canfield, son of the Chairman.—FrederickDouglass and Douglass Jerrold—The one is theantagonist of black slavery—the other of white.God speed them both. FrederickDouglass and Douglass Jerrold By Wm. C. Nell.—Free Speech and a Free Press—The handmaids of liberty 'the wide world over.'May the Printers of Rochester, in glorious emulationof their honored prototype Franklin, ever prove theuncompromising defenders of both. Free Speech and a Free Press By James P. Fogg The war spirit as festered byThe Press— The war spirit as festered byThe Press 'Like Scotland's war-cross thrown from hand tohand, To rouse the vilest passions of the land,False glory than fires swift from ear to ear.While virtue weeps, but weeping still must hear.' 
