 MR. EDITOR—AS your name warrants, I presumeyou go for the truth, the whole truth, andnothing but the truth; and as your paper has solarge a circulation among the independent part ofthe community, that is not independent whenthe weighed in the scale of Mammon, and his echo, conservatism;but, what I mean is, no truckling norpondering for favor and obsequiousness to thelordling; I wish to whisper a word, then, throughjust such a medium, in the public ear. Yourfriend 'The Post,' sanctioned by the authority ofFrancis Jackson and Edmund Quincy, came outthis morning with the very respectable lookingannouncement, to say the least, that—mark you!—the Massachusetts anti-slavery Society would holdin annual meeting at the Melodeon during thisday and to-morrow to commence at 10 0'clock.—By those who have the care of families, some littleexertion would be necessary to be on the spot atan early an hour. But knowing from previous experiencethat the practice of that said GarrisonianSociety do not act in accordance to the rules laiddown in their organization, it seemed very importantto me, being an inquirer after truth, to witnessthe incipient movements. But what is the matter?Is their Chronotype or Horologue, or whatever youchoose to call their time-keeper, out of order?—Well. what were the facts? The place was coldand cheerless—the angels, that is, you know, incommon parlance, the women, were, like the vision,as we are told, of their illustrious prototypes fewand far between. Those who were not too darkcomplexioned to look pale in spite of all their uncutvelvets, silks and satins, seemed to view eachother askant, and look unutterable things. R. DITOR independent Mammon echo After waiting until a quarter to eleven for twoscore and a half of people, including both sexes,to assemble, a motion was made for that large andhonorable body to assume a visibility. Punctuality was not the order of the day. Beforethe pathetis is, however was sufficiently powerfulto attract the component parts close enoughto form a nucleus of action, the silence of thescene so monotonous to myself and friend wasoccasionally relieved, by now and then, the gentlelisping of a mighty fact between two of the committeein these words, mingled with regrets, 'Ifeared the result.' 'I am sorry that Anti-Sabbathnotice (which by the way was signed by TheodoreParker, Francis Jackson, and Wm. L. Garrison)came out just at this time.' 'I feared it would affectthese meetings,' & & gentle Anti-Sabbath this time. Murder will out, is an adage as true us it is trite,and must be from the very nature of the case.—Christianity recognizes that principle—it is a goldenthread outer woven with the web and woof of Humanitythat must eventually be seen and recognizedby all who have any discernment of human nature. I do not know, sir, that you have ever seen anyof the quondam likenesses of his Satanic Majesty,when he was represented with many corporealappendages which the present Doctors of Divinityhave recently amputated, very much to the horrorof certain sticklers for orthodoxy which I couldcame in your enlightened community. But nowI ask an honest republic, if they are not glad ofhas development of the 'old oven foot' beforehe like the modern Lucifers, caught any more unwaryones in his due-net? And how convenient itis too to quote a 'leede scriptur' on this occasion!Friend Spear, to sugar over the clap-trap and makeit spring all the better, just breathed out (for now-a-days,you are aware, that there is more of thatthan of in-spiration) a 'wee' prayer apropos—becauseJesus told his followers not to pray in theowners of streets and synagogues to be seen andtend of men. If there were in our midst moreof the God-be-merciful to me-a-sinner spirit, youwould not see such exhibitions as are now andbeen enacted in you midst. Fewer flashes up ofshavings! more glaring but less substantial andsetting, by far even, than the bonfires which theschool boys kindle by the road sides of our countryvillages. I fear I should weary the patience ofyour business readers were I to eliminate all thethoughts which crowd themselves in this hastysketch. H.C. Wright (how right he is, let the publicdecided) presented a resolution which washeartily responded to (so they said by the rumblingof a few pairs of heavy boots, etc. in these words:—That this Republic is a liar and a shamelesshypocrite—with a good deal more of such cant attendedto it, and that measures ought to be immediatelytaken by that large (hem!) and honorablebody, to make the shores of old England ring withthe reports of her infamy, and that he would dohis portion of the work, &, & There is nodoubt of that. Englishmen and Scotchmen, whocannot live at home, come here and discourse mosteloquently, and twaddle in all our meetings, with amorbid and squeamish sentimentality—whininglike a sick girl about the Mexican war, withdrawalof troops, extension of slavery, John P. Hale andLiberty Party, and all the paraphernalia of waddingsfor their antiwar cannons—monopolising thetime and money of other societies. If Job hadlived at this time, his patience must, I think, havebeen exhausted. 'Dear me! what is the matter?'of Mrs. Partington would say: 'what does makethe pot talk so bad about the kettle? I don't see aseek of difference, only one has a kiver to it, andt'other hasn't.' By the way, as I sat looking at hishandful of human beings, getting up an effortto dissolve the Union! I was very strongly remindedof the great bull who fancied that his head washarder than it really was, and not liking the shrillwhistle of a large steam engine, which rolled somajestically and powerfully onward, just put onhis Veto in the shape of two horns—and what wasthe result: Why, the most natural in the world;crushed beneath its ponderous wheels for his illustratedin petuous and raving presumption. Nowlook at the analogy. Does this crab-like Mass.Society, which you know is a definite article, withits one-sided and curly headed philanthropy, expectto come off victorious n such an unequalcombat? Do they think, for a moment, that theexperience of their caustic is to eat up James K.Polk, Danel Webster, Gov. Briggs, and RobertC. Winthrop—men, whose characters, to say theleast are as pure in the sight of high heaven astime of these pseudo innocents Well, the mountenlabored, the mouse ran out, and for one, Ilaughed, if not 'omnes ridebant.' Hear theseheady and high-minded leaders of this refractoryparty, this minimum of rich men and women, takingzsuch a step, while the laboring classes, thebone and sinew of our nation, are working hardfor universal emancipation, for the freedom of therace, for the liberty of the North as well as theSouth-the white hard-handed slave of monopolistsand capitalists. Suppose, for a moment, that the oldBay State should be unhitched from thetrain Does Wm. L. Garrison and his posse wishto be the conductors? It is to be feared, as an oldIsraelitish king once said of his father's misrule, itwas like the little finger, whereas his tyrannyshould be thick as his father's Joins. Freemen,working men, lovers of liberty—be not deceived.Look you—hark you to the cry of Traitor, fromsuch a source. Do not out-herod Herod. BenefitArnold was a babe compared to these enemiesof law and order, to these dissolutionists.—Mark you the war-cry 'dissolve the Union,' and atthe same time holding up the standard of Liberty!What a burlesque on freedom! The world, 'tie,true, was made for Caesar, but for Titus too. Doctors out his not Wright they Job dissolve the Union! definite omnes ridebant. conductors Traitor war-cry Let these ranters and these Mr. F. facing bothways, generate the steam of unsanctified spirits,and jog the rockers of the old cradle—FaneuilHall—with or without their bantlings. Do you credit this? Just step in at the TremontTemple, and you will find a large crowd ofindefinite articles, advocates of liberty, who, at thepresent epoch of our country's destiny, believe inand carry out measures for political action. Forthe present, it is certainly the wisest course forfreemen to pursue. Go to the ballet,Vote for good and true men,Go to the ballot,And redress your wrongs.Rally you there to claim your rights,As Freemen, true to yourselvesI tell you, ye are strong.      true  strong. John P. Hale will talk this evening at the TremontTemple. Go and hear him. PRO BONO PUBLICE. RO ONO UBLICE. 
