 Last night closed the annual sessions of the twosections of Massachusetts Abolitionists, usuallycalled the Garrison and Liberty parties. A moreheterogenous set of people were never congregatedtogether for professedly the same object. Inthese bodies, you could find represented all theisms and schisms, and new-faugled notions thatever emanated from the brain of man. It is certainly rather remarkable that New England,that has usually been noted for its staid, puritanicalnotions, in moral, political, and religiousthings, should now be so pre-eminently the fountainhead of all those theoretical absurdities soprevalent at the present day. But ridiculous asthese conceited philosophical sages oftentimesmake themselves, it is not to be denied that manyof them possess a good degree of talent. Thereare men in the ranks of the New England Abolitionistsof superior education, of great eloquence,and who rank very high in the communities wherethey reside. But somehow or other, the momentthis abolition mania gets possession of them, itcontracts their naturally well poised and expensiveminds into the most narrow, superficial limits.—Even the great South Carolina statesman, in his'one idea' views regarding the main pillar institutionof this model Republic, is not more envelopedin the mists of fanaticism than are these men.—Gen. Howe, who would have refused even a Christianburial to the lamented Lincoln, was rewardedfor his glorious achievement, by being made Presidentof the Liberty Convention; while Mr. Jackson,who really looks too sensible for such a position,was chosen, as usual, to preside over the bedlamites,of the Garrison wing. I have attended a number of the meetings ofboth parties, and from what I have heard utteredby some of the rabid fellows, I should think thiscountry was the grand focus of all the iniquitiesthat were ever hatched up by the worst demons ofthe bottomless pit. In this remark, I allude moreparticularly to the Garrison men. No languageseemed sufficiently potent, no epithets vile enough,for them to apply to everybody and everythingthat didn't come within the narrow circle of theircommunion. The Church came in for a good degreeof their blackguard slang. The Whigs werea set of perjured villains, while the Democratswere too low for them to speak of, &c &c It islamentable that such men should so grossly pervertthe gifted intellects that God has given them.It really seems as if these men thought their reputationrested solely upon their ability to concoctsomething more vile than ever, to apply to all whomay not think just as they do. Even the Libertymen,who claim to have some self-respect, got toquarrelling among themselves, upon the Churchand ministry. The rattle-brains of the party, whoseem to have but one notion in their heads, andthat is, that the three millions of slaves of theSouth constitute the whole sum total of sufferinghumanity, throughout the wide world, could notlet slip the opportunity of kicking up a mass withthe more rigid Church portion of the party. Becauseministers of the Gospel won't preach continuallyabout the 'poor slave,' and nothing else,they are denounced as dough-faces and hypocrites. Mr. John P. Hale closed the exhibition of theLiberty party, by a speech of about an hour'slength. To say the best of it, it was not abovemediocrity. His friends were evidently disappointed,both in the quantity and quality of thespeech; for expectation was exceedingly high, anda regular earthquake of two hours length was anticipated.Some of his friends excused his wantof originality, upon the ground that the subject hadbeen exhausted. There may have been some forcein this, for these abolitionists are the greatest talkersin the wide world. I should think they mightexhaust anything but good sense. That they arenot so apt to trouble. As Hudibras would say: 'They can distinguish and divideA hair 'twixt south and southwest side;On either which they will dispute,Confute, change hands, and still confute.'    I should like to see in one grand pile, all the resolvesthat ever emanated from abolition brains—they would illuminate the whole world, if set onfire. 
