 Last week I attended the anniversary of the'Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society.' (I put thename in quotation marks, because it has lost all itssignificance.) It was held on Wednesday andThursday, the day meetings in the Melodeon, thenight ones in Faneuil Hall. The general proceedingsof the occasion,—viz. the regular speechesand the resolutions, and the appointment of committees,and the choice of officers, and all thatsort o' thing,—were 'stale, flat and unprofitable,'while the attendance was meagre and melaneholyenough.—Lynn Pioneer. Lynn Pioneer. I went to Boston last Wednesday and Thursday.I had heard there was to be a Liberty party Conventionthere, and knowing (or thinking I know'd)on the authority of Edmund Quincy, Wm. LloydGarrison, Parker Pillsbury, Mrs. Chapman, et al,that the Liberty Party had been dead as a nit forat least a twelve month, I flattered myself that Iwas about to have a treat. I had seen dead folks,lots of'em. But here was a chance to see a deadparty! A defunct Convention! 'Hallenlujah!' saidI, 'what fun that will be!' I jumped into thecars, and 'put' for Boston. The place where thedeceased body was to be exhibited in state (as Isupposed) was Tremont Temple. I entered thesolemn gates with a feeling of chastened joy, suchas I know I should experience in entering the famousdead house in Paris. But lo! I had scarcelypassed them, before there came upon me sucha tumultuous storm of human voices, that I wasfrightened as by an earthquake; and in a momentmore, I was in the midst of a scene of the most intenselife I ever saw. A gathering of some two thousandpeople, most of them fresh from the country,and ruddy with health and happiness, and allas wide awake and as full of energy as if the heartof every mother's son and daughter of them wasan electric battery in full play. I waited a longtime for the life to subside, thinking that somemiracle might have occasioned a burst of spasmodicenergy, which would soon lull into the sleepof a more perfect death. But no! For two immortaldays and nights did that 'multitudinousocean' of human hearts sway to and fro like thegreat sea itself, roused by a storm from heaven. Mrs. Chapman, et al folks party! life No phenomenon over took me before with muchsurprise. I asked myself what could those personsmean, who have been deceiving me for thelast year with this soothing cry of 'death.' Someone whispered into my ear—' The wish was fatherof the thought,' and then the riddle began to be solved.But another said—' The death-struggle is goingon in their own hearts, and their cry of death is a desperateattempt to turn the public eye from that fact.'The riddle then seemed to be entirely solved. SoI ran out from the Temple, and hastened to theMelodeon, and there was the party which sent meon the wrong scent, gasping for breath. The spectaclewas a melancholy one, for it was attendedwith the greatest suffering, and the most 'afflictingdevelopments' An attempt was made to resuscitatethe creature by taking it to Faneuil Hall; but,alas! too late; for the throbs of mortal agony wereupon it, and when I left the hall, the only soundthat broke the solemn silence was its terribledeath rattle.—Correspondent of the Pioneer. Correspondent of the Pioneer. 
