 The following letter was written to a gentlemanin this State, and has been furnished us for publication. WASHINGTON, Jan. 7, 1848. ASHINGTON My Dear Sir:—To all human appearance, thetermination of this miserable war with Mexico ismore remote than when the first blow was struck.In my judgment, it was unnecessarily and unconstitutionallycommenced, by marching our armyinto disputed territory in the possession of Mexico.And, I think, that Congress, who, unquestionably,have the power, should put an end to the war onjust and honorable principles. My Dear Sir After agreeing upon the terms on which a treatyshould be made, they should call on the Executiveby resolution to offer a peace to Mexico upon thatbasis; and during the negotiation, hostilities shouldbe suspended. If the President shall refuse to dothis, in the military appropriation bills the armyshould be required to take such positions as shallcarry out the views of Congress. These bills thePresident could not veto, and he would be boundby their requirements. This may be done by theHouse. I hope Congress will refuse to issue any moretreasury notes. The notes demanded, in additionto those already in circulation, would flood thecountry with that description of paper. Such anemission would constitute a government bank, controlledand managed by a party administration.—We have now fifteen millions of treasury notes incirculation, and authority to issue five millionsmore. I would not increase this circulation a dollar,but reduce it us rapidly as possible. Such asystem would be incomparably more dangerous tothe public morals and the public liberty, than anyother system of banking that could be devised. To meet any deficiency of the revenue to paythe current expenses of the war, I would authoriseloans at par, paying not more than six per cent.interest, and if loans cannot be made at this rate,let the administration resort to a system of taxation,0which shall cause the people to feel the expenseof war. All wars should be accompaniedby a system of direct and internal taxation. Nothingshort of this can show, in addition to the sacrificeof life, what we pay for military glory. Thiswas the policy in the better days of the republic. The late war with England was nobly sustainedby the people, not only in the field but by the paymentof taxes. And they will sustain every justwar in which our country shall be involved. ButI risk nothing in saying, that an attempt to adoptsuch a system of taxation would wind up this Mexicanwar in sixty days. And this shows that thewar should be put an end to. This may he doneby. Congress in ninety days, and I pray God thatthey may do it. Very truly yours,JOHN MCLEAN. ☞All honor to Judge McLean for his letter! 
