 A public meeting, under the auspices of the EdinburghLadies' Emancipation Society, was held onWednesday night, at 7 o'clock, in the Rev. Dr.French's Church, College Street, for the purpose ofhearing an address from the Rev. Professor Willis,of the Free Church College, Toronto, on 'the presentposition of the anti-slavery cause, the hardshipscaused by the Fugitive Slave Act, and the claims ofthe Canada Refugee Relief Society.' In the courseof an able speech, Professor Willis said— Much had been said of infidel agitators and abolitionists.He wished to take the opportunity ofmaking some necessary distinctions here. It wasnot sufficiently understood, that there was in theAmerican Union a large and increasing band of intelligentand pious men, who kept apart from themere libertine agitators. He had himself been presentat the Anniversary Meeting of the American andForeign Anti-Slavery Society, of which the Messrs.Tappans, of New York, were influential members.—Hewould never forget the truly religious bearingof the leaden of that society, nor the impressionmade upon him by their grave and dignified appealsto Holy Scripture. It was a libel on America—agrievous misrepresentation—to affirm that the agitationagainst slaveholding was identical, in the Union,with agitation against regular government, or againstthe Sabbath and the Christian religion. Some ofthe best and the holiest men in that republic werein the front of this truly Christian enterprise; and to the more notorious— and he would also say moreabsurd—class of emancipationist, they were not asa body either libertine or infidel. A few individualshad indeed given some appearance of troth to thischarge by their loose sayings. With these he hadno sympathy. But because some men of violentpassions, or erroneous principles, happened to beamong the enemies of a real oppression, was this tomake them more indifferent to the momentous interestat stake—an interest independent of parties, bemight say in some sense of creeds—for it was thecommon Interest of humanity, which even an infidelmight justly plead—though the Christian was boundtenfold to stand forth its advocate. And he mustsay that an uncandid use had been made of thisfact—of some men of lax opinions, in other questions,being found among the asserters of liberty forthe slave.  He did not knew the peculiar opinions of Mr.Garrison; but he could say of him, that through allAmerica, he was admitted to be a man of pure anddisinterested a, in the service of this and many aphilanthropic cause. He was admitted by those whodiffered widely from him, on other questions, to bea most humane, honorable and self-denying philanthropistand citizen. (Cheers.) He held in his hand,at this moment, one of his latest communications toan anti-slavery society—in a meeting at which hewas unable to be present. It was full of scripturalviews—in fact, of scriptural quotations, Dr. Willisread the letter, and then asked if that was infidelity?Was not that Christian pleading? Was there aughtthere to alarm the most Orthodox? (Cheers.) Butobserve, continued Dr. Willis, they who wished tobe more particular in the choice of associates in thiscause, had no longer excuse for inaction. The Britishand Foreign American Society was disjointedfrom him and his immediate associates. The positionof either society was, however, as concernedthe slave, far more Orthodox and more Christianthan the mass of the churches and the clergy in theUnion. It was a lamentable fact, that, with somehonorable exceptions, the professing ministers of thegospel stood back, and looked on with passive un-concernon a system of unrighteousness. Dr. Willisread a statement from the latest report of theAmerican and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society, to theeffect that, although the body called Covenanterand Associate Reformed, also, of the Methodists,Friends, Baptists, and Episcopalians were anti-slaveryvery in principle, too many of their religionists,while professing to abhor slavery, were indifferentor opposed to anti-slavery efforts. The AmericanTract Society and the American Sunday SchoolUnion refused to publish any work on the sinfulnessof American slavery, and carefully expurgatedall sentiments offensive to the South, in its reprintsof foreign publications. The American Board ofCommissioners for Foreign Missions allowed theirmissionaries among the Indians to organize and superintendchurches composed, in part, of slaveholdersand slaves. The Presbyterian General Assembly(old school) and the Cumberland Presbyterian Assembly,refused to legislate on the subject of slavery,on the plea, that as spiritual bodies, they hadno cognizance of civil mutters.' Dr. Willis here expressedhis conviction, that when Dr. Duff gave theadvantage of his justly respected name to the certificateof the Orthodoxy of this body, from the Moderatorsof the Free Church Assembly, he most havebeen surely unaware of the position they took onthis great question of religion and morals. In addressingDr. Baird, of New York, as a representativeof the missionary enterprise of that Church, itwas, perhaps, natural enough to pay some tribute tothe body he represented; but whatever praise wasdue to them for orthodoxy in some matters, he mustsay they were far from orthodox in this. ((Cheers.)He apprehended that the encomium pronounced insuch unqualified terms, would be understood to expressapprobation of their genera! coarse as witnessesfor God's truth. Would any present regard asfaithful exponents of the New Testament, or witnessesfor truth, men. who, looking on. while millionswere debarred, by the slave law, even from seeingthe Word of the living God, or from being allowedto search the Scriptures, as the Savior of the worldhad commanded them, would decline to bear anypublic or united testimony against the atrocity?(Sensation.) What a pretext to allege that, as spiritualbodies, they had no cognizance of civil matters!What, not even to remonstrate with legislatures?What Voluntary would defend such an absurdplan? (Hear, hear.) He would do his Voluntaryfriends, in this country, the justice to say—thoughhe himself had always held the principle ofan Establishment—that they would disown such amisrepresentation of their views, as that these requiredsuch a course of inaction on the part of religionsbodies, where so great interests of humanity,and religion, too—nay, liberty of conscience andnatural liberty were at stake. (Cheers.) The PresbyterianGeneral Assembly, (new school,) while theyhad borne testimony against the evils of slavery, andasserted that these should be corrected by discipline,admitted slaveholder, to a seat in their council, andtreated them in all respects as if free from scandal.  
