 We pereceive by the Virginia papers, that, withinthe last three months, a greater degree of insolenceand resistance has been manifested by the negroesin every portion of the State, to the authority oftheir owners, than ever known before. The negroesattack their masters and overseers, when anythinggoes wrong with them; and in the settlement of thematter, such is the laxity of punishment generally,that the negroes are often the victors. The Frederick(Va.) Herald says it knows of several instancesof the kind referred to. Some negroes will not bechastised by their owners, and go so far as to resistan punishment from that quarter. The servants inthe kitchen teach their children that the relativeposition of Master and slave does not of right exist,and that henceforth the word Mister is to be usedinstead of Master; instead of addressing themin the terms heretofore known as father and motheramong the blacks, require their children to call themma and pa. This is no great thing itself; but itis a sign of the times, and shows conclusively, thatin this age of progress, the negroes are making progress toto. The same paper says that it is now a as to which color shall use the side-walk,and which give way. We also learn from ourexchanges, that in the border States, there is veryfrequently a stampede among the negroes—largenumbers going off together. The Frederick(Va.) Herald  'Now in the name of common sense, a commoncause and a common fate, how can the people of theSouthern States be so blind as not to see that thisgrowing bordination of the slaves is one of theconsequences of the existing union of slaveholdingwith non—slaveholding States? A Union of thosewho love and live by slaver, with those who hateand spurn it—yes, a Union of those who would fightfor it, with those who would, and are now fightingagainst it! To us it seems that the Union, so farfrom being desirable, has now become unsafe, unprofitable,and dishonorable; and in the end, willprove fatal to the institution of slavery. We valueslavery more than we do the Union, and in choosinga foe for our steel in the settlement of this question,we would prefer a Northern man to a negro. Viewingslavery then we do—the very essence of ourmoral, physical and civil life; and looking upon theUnion as the hateful instrument of its final overthrow,if not dissolved—we believe it would be to the bestinterests of the South, to dissolve their existing connectionwith the North, And the sooner the better. 
