 Under such an indignant heading in a prominentpolitical paper, we expected to find the exposure ofsome base attempt to injure the moral character of afavorite candidate. We glanced it over, and found afollowing slanderous imputation 'triumphantly refuted'.'Somebody, it seems, had reported that Gen. Scotthad at one time said that 'he would soonercut off his right hand than to give sanction and supportto slavery,' or had used words to that effect.such a 'calumny,' of course, was not to be endured,nor suffered to pass without instant and full contradiction. 'triumphantly refuted'. calumny Investigation proved most fortunately, that theGeneral had never been guilty of so black a crime,and his garments are shown to be unspotted withany stain of the love of freedom. He is, it wouldseem, above suspicion, consecrated to the uses ofslavery, and the foul, calumnious report that he is atall favorable to justice and liberty,—this 'calumny'is fairly nailed. We have seen nothing which marksmore clearly the character of the present politicalcontest, revealing features which ought to fill everymo American with mortification and disgust. We have heard of an infidel Society, in this city,which requires its members, as a test of admission,to abjure the Bible and faith in Jesus Christ. Here, it would seem, are two great political organizationwhose qualifications for membership requirethat a man should renounce all love of righteousness,all regard for human rights, all faith in humanprogress, and the sum of whose creed is, 'I believein Southern slavery, and in its commands as myhighest and only rule of Conduct; and to these, theinterests of my country, the general hope of theworld, my own conscience, and the law of God,shall, to the utmost of my power, be made to bend.What slaveholders decide upon, I regard as finallysettled beyond change or repeal; and however lowothers may bow before the throne of iniquity, I willendeavor still to surpass them in subserviency.' When, before, has it been necessary in a Presidentialcanvass, to strip a candidate of his manhood,to sedulously disrobe him of every noble qualificationwhich ought to commend him to the regard oftrue men, and prove him to be utterly destitute ofevery lofty aspiration that beltings to the genuineAmerican soul, before he can be considered eligibleto office? When, before, have partisans watched their chiefwith trembling anxiety, lest he should be betrayedinto some expression favorable to freedom? Whenhas it been thought a sin and a dishonor to stand upbefore the world as the manly foe of oppression?—When,before, have parties sunk so low, as to boastand chuckle over their ability to prove that their candidatesnever had been known, except as the fastand devoted friends of chattel slavery? When,before, would not a party writer have blushed todesignate as a 'calumny,' a report that a candidatewas unwilling to extend and perpetuate the over-shadowingcurse of our country? calumny The love of liberty has become a crime in ourland of liberty; and a report that a man does notworship at the altar of slavery is dangerous to hisreputation, and must be contradicted and nailed as acalumny.' Will the Christians of this country votefor men who consider themselves 'slandered' in beingcalled the enemies of oppression?' land of liberty 
