 A note addressed to the Mirror, in reply to acharge that Mr. Garrison is an 'unprincipled leader,'is met in this wise: 'We have proof to sustain ourown opinion, as undeniable as that oar hemisphereis enlightened by the sun, at the noon-day hour.'—Veryconclusive testimony in support of so grave acharge. But 'a lie well stock to is better than thetruth told waveringly.' As further evidence, we presume,the Mirror asserts that 'it is not an unheardof thing for a man to be governed by the law of contraries.'Somewhat equivocal this. To whom doesthe hint refer—to the accuser, or the defender ofthe accused? It is not material, perhaps; but sinceit is introduced, an explanation seems desirable.—Nextcomes, as additional proof, of course, as extractfrom the British Banner, treating, among otherthing's of the want of efficiency of anti-slaveryorganizations, and the comparative view which certainmen take of these, together with a sprinkling ofthe old controversy between Mr. Tappan and Rev.Mr. Checkering. Mirror Mirror British Banner Mow we submit, in all candor, if this is not quitetoo bad? Here the Christian Mirror, a leading religionsjournal, edited with distinguished ability, andsustained by a large and influential Christian denomination,prefers the serious charge against a fellow-citizenof being an 'unprincipled leader,' whomit loathes and abhors; and when called upon forproof, coolly re-affirms the charge, attempts to excitepersonal prejudice, and would fain divert themind from the real issue to a point which scarcelyhas a collateral bearing upon the question. Christian Mirror We do not agree, any more than the Mirror, withcertain views which Mr. Garrison entertains of theSabbath. We go further, and say that these sentiments,in our estimation, are unsound and of exceedinglydangerous tendency. But there is no morereason to question his sincerity, than there is todoubt the sincerity of the Mirror in holding oppositeviews; nor does the holding of any opinion uponany conceivable subject, necessarily involve a wantof integrity; still less does it furnish the slightestpretext for the accusation of being an 'unprincipledleader.' It is against this charge we protest: and toits proof or its retraction we shall hold the Mirror. Mirror Mirror Mirror. This is not the first time this identical charge hasbeen made by the Mirror against: Mr. Garrison. Itis a little singular that some eight or nine yearssince, it was made in precisely the same form, viz.,that the Mirror had means or facilities for understandingthe character of Mr. Garrison, which itsreaders had not. Now, with due deference, this isall moonshine, the merest sham in the world, aswicked as it is silly, and deceives nobody but theveriest tyro. This is really drawing a little toolargely upon the supposed gullibility of its readers,Few of us, Mr. Mirror, have been crowned with academicalhonors, so that, perchance, we attemptsome things which may be very 'economical oflearning and brains.' But we understand far less ofhuman nature than we have hitherto supposed, if weare likely to be deceived by each miserable flummeryas this. Mirror Mirror Mr. Mirror We doubt the Mirror's knowledge of Mr. Garrison'scharacter. We have long known him to be ashonest man. His whole course completely demonstratesthis fact; and though as a partisan we havefelt the edge of his Damascus blade, yet the evidentsincerity of the thrust has often awakened thethought, which we dare not apply to any I man being:'Though he slay me, yet will I trust to him. Mirror's  
