 Since slavery has been made a subject of partydiscussion, and since abolitionism has entered as aninfluential element in Northern politics, the Democracyof the North has been subjected to as severe aas any party ever withstood. Fanaticism andfederalism combined in the attempt to root outrationality in the North, and to hunt down and destroyall who were faithful to the compromises of theConstitution. Southern Whigs, blinded by partyfeelings and reckless of ultimate consequences, applaudedand cheered on the fierce crusade against men in the North, who breasted the storm offederalism and abolitionism, and by their courageand constancy preserved a party organization, whosestrong ligaments, stretching across the line of division, bind together the two sections ofthe country, and maintain the Union of the States. the Northern Democracy, given way to thetremendous pressure which was brought to bear bythe factious combinations and local interests whichfederalism and abolitionism brought into the field,the Democratic party, not withstanding the nationalityof its creed, would have been confined to a section,and rendered unable to uphold the Constitution orprevent the destruction of reserved rights of theStates. The highest honor is, therefore, due to theNorthern Democracy, which has stood firm, as wellfor the important results which it has aided to accomplishas for the high patriotism which inspired itsconduct, and enabled it to withstand the powerfulassaults which were made upon it. It was but rightand proper that its ranks should furnish the Democraticcandidate for the Presidency; and the selectionFranklin Pierce vindicate the reputationwhich Virginia has always enjoyed for clear sagacityand patriotic purposes.     DEMOCRACY AND SLAVERY.—We find in the Savannah Georgiana letter from Hon. Joseph W.Jackson, M.C., in which the support of Pierce andKing is urged upon the people of Georgia on suchgrounds as these: 'As did Mr. Jefferson always,must we, of the present day, look to the NorthernDemocracy as to the party, if not our 'naturalallies,' yet of our friends. With the exception ofsome few honorable, and by me, honored gentlemen,the Whigs of the North are fixedly, and irrecoverablehostile to our institution of Southern slavery.—Against the torrent of fanatical encroachment whichforesee must, at no very remote day, be pouredupon us, the arm of the thousands of pure men ofthe Northern Democracy, after our own courageousself defence, for which we should stand ever prepared,is, under God, our chief defence.' EMOCRACY AND LAVERY. Savannah Georgian 
