 The pardon of these rascally negro-stealers bythe President, has aroused the indignation of everyhonest individual in the Union, who is not either anAbolitionist or a Free Soiler. By this act, Mr. Fillmoredoffs the disguise which he has worn for sometime, and he now exhibits himself to be what wepronounced him when he succeeded General Taylorin the Presidency, a thorough-going Abolitionist.Had he kept himself clear of his old allies and conhis recommendation and support of thecompromise measures might have earned for him arespectable name with posterity; but this last actallows that his sympathies, feelings, heart and soulare with them, and posterity will know where toreplace him. We consider him as having forall claim to the admiration of southern men,by letting loose upon society the base and infamous Drayton and Sayres, who are worse thancommon rogues, because they regard a violation ofthe constitution and laws as a virtue, and the abstractionof slaves a duty, which must be performed atany cost. Such creatures are either lunatics orcriminals, or both, and should be placed where theycannot repeat their crimes. Mr. Fillmore was unjustifiable,therefore, in liberating them and his concan only be accounted for on the suppositionthat his abolition sympathies now, are as strong asthey were when he became President.     THE PRESIDENT AND THE PARDONING POWER.—Mr.The pardon extended to Drayton and Sayres, byPresident Fillmore, is made the subject of bittercomment by the Richmond (Va.) Examiner. It saysMr. Fillmore came into the Presidential mansionundeniably an abolitionist. Since he has been there,his friends claim that he has been friendly to theSouth. But it is evident that be has made up hismind to go oat as he-came in, an abolitionist of theworst kind. The explanation is easy. By curbinghis propensities, he hoped, at one time, to get newnomination by means of Southern votes. But theBaltimore Convention has put an end to his hopes.He has no longer a motive for concealment, no longeran incentive to hypocrisy; and so the cloak fallsat once. The author of the Buffalo letter stands revealedin his own attire. The wolf has cast off hissheepskin. 'This Drayton and Sayres' petition wasthe first opportunity he had to show his real naturesince the Baltimore adjournment—and abiit, evasil,arupit—that is to say, he is off like a shot!' RESIDENT AND THE ARDONING OWER. abiit, evasil,arupit 
