 In common, we are sure, with all one readers, wehate slavery in all its forms. We have no temptationto the contrary. Especially do we hate the slaveryof Christian, Protestant, and republican America.It wars with the spirit and principles of trueChristianity—its grand ultimate destroyer—while itis a violation of natural rights, and is associatedwith universal and nameless atrocities, and, in America,with revolting inconsistency besides. In proportionto our hatred of slavery is our displeasureagainst the obstacles to it, extinction; and amongthese, the infidelity of an important section of theabolitionists is one. They are, after all, only n smallminority, compared with the Christian abolitionists,but a sufficient number by their noise and other appliancesto create moat injurious prejudices. Theyfound abolition on infidel principles— infidel resolutionsat public meetings—seek to identify Christianitygenerally with slavery—employ infidel agents,apostates from Christianity, some of whom blasphemouslycaricature the ordinances of the ChristianChurch. From a correspondence which is going onbetween President Mahan, of the Oberlin Institute—one of the American colleges—and some of thefriends of Christian abolition in this city, it appearsthat the infidelity which led to a disruption inthe Anti-Slavery Society of America, a number ofyears ago, and of which the friends of the slave inthis country so justly and loudly complain, does notconsist of a few loose expressions of ardent, ill-regulatedminds, but constitutes a system; and that underthe sacred name of humanity, men propagate themost repulsive infidelity, destructive alike to bodyand soul. The pernicious effects are felt in thiscountry as well as abroad. That the Christianitywhich the parties denounce is not the so calledChristianity of pro-slavery churches, (as they wouldspeak,)—not Christianity at all—is plain from this,that though the Church of Oberlin, with which PresidentMahan is connected, has gone all the lengththat Christian churches have been or can be askedto go in connection with slavery—refusing communionwith slaveholders, abandoning the negro-pew,&c.,—that Church, so far from being, on this account,more kindly treated by the Garrisonian party,is, if possible, denounced more severely than others,and that simply because they will not abandon theBible and Christianity altogether. This plainlyshows what the object of the party is; and yet thecolors which they wear, and the machinery whichthey employ, is extensively, to say the least, anti-slaverycolors and machinery.  Meanwhile, Christian men and churches of America(and, with few exceptions, this, alas! applies toall denominations,) are deeply to blame in allowingthemselves to be silent and prejudiced against anti-slaverymovements, by the hateful infidelity of others,and other causes. This constitutes no realapology in any circumstances, especially when theyhave an open field for labor with the disinterested,self-denying, and noble men of the Christian AbolitionSocieties—the American and-Foreign Anti-slavery—theBeechers and Tappans. 
