 This madman has met a tragic end at last. Aninsane effort to accomplish what none but a madmanwould attempt, has resulted as any one but amadman would have foreseen, in death to all whowere engaged in it. The account of the wild forayin which he was engaged, we publish in anothercolumn. Knowing the character of the man, and familiarwith his course for the past two years, as nearly allcitizens of Kansas are, none here will be surprisedat his attempted insurrection and its bloody termination.Of him, we might say with truth, hiswrongs have made him mad. There was a timewhen John Brown, the Pennsylvania farmer, andhis sons, were as peaceable and peace-loving citizensas could be found in our country. He came toKansas early, and loving the cause of freedom, hewas an earnest Free State man. For this he suffered.He saw his home invaded and destroyed; hemourned the death of a beloved son. And thesegreat wrongs crazed the old man, and made him afanatic, a monomaniac, with but one thought,one idea, one impulse—vengeance on the slavepower which had destroyed his peace, revengeon the men who had murdered his kindredand friends. It is said that he took an awful oaththat while life remained, his hand should be raisedagainst this power, and he would war against it tothe death. No sane man, however strong in his convictionsagainst slavery, will pretend to justify the madcourse he pursued. All will unite in condemningit, and no Northern man but would use every effortto put down such an expedition as he undertook.The termination of his foray will be the terminationof every such insane and murderous attempt tocreate a servile insurrection, as it ought to be.None but madman would ever attempt it, and theywill meet with a madman's death. Of the insurgents, fifteen have been killed. Brownand the others have been captured, and will behung, as they deserve to be. And thus will terminatethis insane attempt to incite a servile insurrection.Thus will it always be with the traitorswho engage in such attempts. Those engaged inthem will be hung like dogs, and the their murderousdesigns will perish with them.—Freedom's (Atchinson)Champion. (!!) as they deserve to be. hung like dogs murderousdesigns Freedom's (Atchinson)Champion. (!!) 
