 The Chicago Press, in the noticing the Virginia insurrectionaryattempt, thus speaks of OssawatomieBrown:— Press 'Since the death of his son Frederick, who wasshot down at his down door in Kansas by a Missourimob ten fold more revengeful and bloody than thatwhich now fills Virginia with terror, and since theold man witnessed, on the same occasion, the destructionof the property he had been a life-time in accumulating,he has been a monomanise. He hadsupposed himself to be divinely appointed to free allthe American slaves by some violent and decisivemovement, the nature of which we do not knowthat he ever revealed. Often, we are told, duringthe Kansas disturbances, he would retire to a secludedplace at a distance from his camp, and there(to use his own words) wrestle with the Almightyfor hours, to wring from him the aid which he demandedfor the accomplishment of the work to whichhe thought himself appointed by heavenly favor. Histalk for years to his friends and intimates has beenof his commission sealed with the blood of the Savior,by which he was directed in the path he wasabout to follow. He has entertained no doubtthat his life was to be prolonged until he could seethe shackles stricken of from every slave in theland; nor has he had a doubt that, by his agency,as the instrument of God, specially entrusted withthe work, every bondman was to be freed. This delusionhas been regarded as harmless, and since bepassed out of public view, it has, we suppose, beenforgotten even by the friends. That he as actedupon the murderous impulse which the violation ofhis own household roused within him—that hishas overpowered his reason, and forced himinto the commission of a great crime—the historyof this Harper's Ferry movement is sufficient proof.We do not wonder, knowing him, from the accountsgiven by others, as well as we do, that he engagedin an enterprise of such criminality and folly. We areonly surprised that he could have found any whiteman out of slavery weak enough to have yielded tohis crazy suggestions, and aided him in his hair-brainedattempt. He will doubtless be called uponto lay down his life in atonement for his folly; andthough our conviction that he is demented is strengthenedby this recent event, we can but say that deathcannot claim him too soon.' (!!) has overpowered his reason our conviction that he is demented is strengthenedby this recent event deathcannot claim him too soon. 
