 A squad of fanatics whose seal is wonderfully disproportionedto their sense, and a double-handful ofslave whose ignorance is equaled only by their desirefor the freedom of which they have been robbed,—all commanded by a man who has for years beenas mad as a March hare, unite in making an insurrectionat Harper's Ferry. They break into andtake possession of an United States Armory, stop arailway train, kill a few citizens, assume commandingpositions about the town; and for a few hoursmeet with none to dispute their right. They areguilty of the most incomprehensible stupidity andfolly as well as unpardonable criminality in all theseacts; and when their career is arrested, their leadershot down, and his followers are dispersed, there isnot a public journal of any party, or public man ofany shade of opinion found to approve their meansor justify their ends. But what matters it that thestark mad enterprise was the product of addledbrains; that in itself it is incontestable evidenceof the insanity of its originator; that its chief inhis confession claims all the credit and all the criminalityfor himself; that the purposes of the emcuteare foreign to Republican policy; that the meanschosen for its consummation are utterly repugnantto Republican sense of right and wrong,—in spiteof these, the journals of the bogus Democracy havealready begun their lying assertion, that for the insurrectionand its consequences the Republican partyare to be held accountable? Human mondacitycould go no further. emcute We class them altogether—Black Douglass andwhite, old Brown and Senator Brown, the insurrectionsat Harper's Ferry, and theseccessionistsof Mississippi—all disturbance of the public peace—all howlers who save nothing for country or consequences—alltraitors dyed in the week . Brown beaverthat the others, had attempted what his compeerssouth only threaten. Dissolution of theUnion is the object of all. It will be a glorious daywhen the Republicans coming into power, put thegovernment back into the grooves in which it run assmoothly for three-fourths of a country—when bytheir wisdom and patriotism, insurrections for Freedomwill be impossible, and when secession for Slaverywill be an offence punishable by hanging! Inthe meantime, this bogus Democracy which hasstirred up the heinous and unnatural strife most becharged with all the consequences as they are developedin the North or the South.—Chicago Tributes. Chicago Tributes. 'This frightful transaction was an outbreak notmerely of Abolitionism, but of Republicanism. Itwas a practical demonstration of the avowed principlesand direct teaching of the leaders of that party.So long as these teachings were confined to Abolitionistsproper, such a band of fools and madmenand practical out-throats as that which undertookthe 'Kansas work' as this place, could not havebeen found willing to state their lives upon such anenterprise. But when the tale was taken up by Republicansimproper, and lessons of disunion, andrevolt, and violence, and contempt of the Constitutionand the law, were announced at Faneail Hall,and promulgated from the stamp, the convention,the State legislative hall, and the seat in the Senateof the United States—what could more legitimatelyhave followed than an application of the schoolingas that which we have just witnessed? The wholemischief of these overt acts is distinctly traceable to,if it be not an inevitable sequence of the stupendousfallacy of the 'higher law.' The lower law, uponthis pernicious theory, is the Constitution and thefundamental law, which binds together the peopleand the States of this Union, and protects them intheir rights and persons and property. The higherlaw is the law of every man's mind, enlightened,or morally debased, or politically distorted, as itmay be; the law of personal feeling, bigotry, prejudice,ignorance, destructiveness; anything, for thetime being, which fanaticism may dictate or selfishnesssuggest. To inculcate and urge the supremacyof the one these laws is to contemn, and despise, andoverthrow, and trample upon the other. There willnever be wanting Old Browns to execute, so long asthere as Sewards to promulgate the 'irrepressibleconflict' of the higher law with any of the institutionsof the country.'—virginis correspondent ofBeston Courier. virginis correspondent ofBeston Courier. 'We have no doubt that very many of the leadersof the republican party will be implicated by thepublication of the correspondence that has been recovered.Should the Grand Jury, upon the examinationof these letters, 'rolls of liberty,' &., find a'true bill' against such men as Gorrit Smith, Giddings,Garrison, &., and the requisition by theExecutive of Virginia be refused, a serious questionwill be presented, not only to the people of Virginia,but of the entire South. Such refusal we do notdesire to anticipate. The evils it would entailinvolve the permanency of the Union.' true bill 'The Southern people have heretofore disregardedthe ravings of Northern fanatics, because they believedsuch madness to be merely a pecuniary speculation;but the amount of money with which thesewretches at Harper's Ferry were supplied, showsthat the Northern fanatics mean more that words,and are determined to wage with men and moneythe 'irrepressible conflict' to the bitter end. Anotherfact, showing the amount of money at the disposalof these wretches, is found in a Baltimorepaper, that large purchases of percussion cape, withorders for more from New York, were made lastweek in that city. Whence came this money? Thisquestion, perhaps, will never be answered, but thefact that a large sum of money was at the disposalof these wretches, is beyond doubt. Who suppliedthe money will never be ascertained, but the extentof hatred to the South may be somewhat measuredby this pecuniary fact.'—Richmond Enquirer. but the amount of money men and money percussion cape Richmond Enquirer. 'We are greatly mistaken id this diabolical scheme,contrary to the expectation of the wretches who formedit, do not unmask and lay bare to the detestationof the whole country the true character of the agitationthat has so long been kept up on this subject,and we shall be still more mistaken if it do not givea blow to abolition in the Northern and WesternStates from which it will not soon recover. If thisplot had temporarily succeeded, and recruits to theinsurgents had reached ten or fifteen thousand, whata whirlwind would have swept over the country!God only knows where it would have stopped.What do we not owe to that Providences that hasthus thwarted the designs of evil men on the verythreshold of their dark doings!'—New Orleans Bulletin. New Orleans Bulletin. One step towards this, and now that most obviousstep, is the prompt punishment of all the malignantand fanatical agents engaged in any degree in theHarper's Ferry disturbances, and we are in some sortdisappointed because the telegraph has not yet informedus of the result. It may be that beyondand the ball have anticipated the work of the gallows,as to some of the chief agents. For the survivingprisoners, however, there is but one ples fordelay or intermission beyond the time required to rigup a hanging-post or tie a rope. The delay will onlybe justified by the probability of obtaining a full andcomplete information concerning the age, origin, content,object and resources of the fiendish conspiracy.The telegraphic advices we this day give—obtainedat great expense—will inform our readers that thesurviving prisoners have, to some degree, made therevelations which alone could demand any postponementof punishment.—Charleston Courier. is but one ples fordelay or intermission beyond the time required to rigup a hanging-post or tie a rope. The delay will onlybe justified by the probability of obtaining a full andcomplete information concerning the age, origin, content,object and resources of the fiendish conspiracy. Charleston Courier. ☞Brown and his followers, according to thetelegraph, richly deserved their fate. We hardlyknow whether to brand the old follow as fool orknave. He appears to have been a good deal ofboth. Some papers say he is crazy. The dispatches in to-day's paper indicates thatthere was a general insurrectionary organization ofwhich the Harper's Ferry affair was but the beginning.We trust it will be thoroughly exposed, andthe leaders is it brought to justice. We are gladto see the President and Secretary of War alreadymoving in the matter.—Springfield Journal. Springfield Journal. ☞Will not this and affair, with its bloody antistrophe,and its distorted features of blind fanaticismand reckless treachery, have the effects of bringingthe conservative and more moderate portion ofthe Republican party of the North to their causes?Will they suffer themselves any longer to be consideredas in alliance with such a set of godless agitatorsand traitors as these? We are rather inclined tothink that this Harper's Ferry failure will strengthenand consolidate the rational sentiment of thecountry, and weaken sectionalism.—Frederick (Md.)Herald. Frederick (Md.)Herald. 
