 People of the North! read the following horriblebut voluntary statement mode by a correspondent ofthe Frederick (Maryland) Herald, in regard to theHarper's Ferry tragedy:— Herald The dead lay on the streets, and in the river, andwere subjected to every indignity that a wild andmadly excited people could heap upon them. Curses were freely uttered against them, andkicks and blows inflicted upon them. The hugemulatto that sot Mr. Turner. was lying in thegutter in front of the arsenal, with a terriblewound in his neck, and though dead and gory,vengeance was unsatisfied, and many, as they ransticks into has wound, or bent him with them, wishedthat he had a thousand lives, that all of them mightbe forfeited in expiation and avengement of the fouldeed he had committed. ransticks into has wound, or bent him with them Leeman lay upon a rock in the river, and wasmade a target for the practice of those who hadcapture Sharp's rifles in the fray. Shot after shotwas fired at him, and when tired of this sport,a man waded out to where he lay, and set him up,in grotesque attitudes, and finally pushed him off,and he floated down the stream. His body and thatof Thompson, which was also in the water, weresubsequently brought to shore, and were buried, aswere all of them, except of few which were taken bysome of the physicians. It may be thought thatthere was cruelty and barbarity in this; but thestate of the public mind had been frensied by theoutrages of these men; and being outlaws, wereregarded as food for carrion birds, and not ashuman creatures. sport set him up,in grotesque attitudes not ashuman creatures. The solemn feelings that pervade most hearts atthe sight of death, were not awakened—or ifawakened, they had been smothered, and all lookedupon the grim, grinning and staring corpses as somany wild beasts, justly and righteously slain, asthey doubtless had been. The prisoners were kindlycared for, and though not surrounded by the assiduityof friendship, had all the attention thatthey really needed or deserved. Their wound weredressed by skillful surgeons, and they were made ascomfortable as they could be under the circumstances.On Wednesday evening they were conveyedto the jail of Jefferson county, under anescort of Marines. Stephens and Brown had to betaken in a wagon, but the negro Green and Copplokbeing unhurt, walked between a file ofsoldiers, followed by hundreds of excited men, exclaiming'lynch them;' but Governor Wise, whowas standing on the platform of the cars, said: Oh,it would be cowardly to do so now;—and thecrowd fell back, and the prisoners were safely placedon the train. Stephens was placed in the bottomof the cars, being unable to sit up. Brown waspropped up on a set with pillows; and Coppickand Green seated in the middle of them; the formerwas evidently much frightened, but looked calm,while the latter was the very impersonation of fear.His nerves were twitching, his eyes wild and almostbursting from their sockets, his whole manner indicatingthe dreadful apprehensions that filled hismind. This fellow was a member of Congress,under the Provisional Government, had been verydaring while guarding the Arsenal, and very impudentwhile in the engine house, but when theMarines entered it, he jumped back among the imprisoned,and cried out that he was a prisoner, butMr. Washington thrust him forward, and informedthe besiegers that he was one of the guerrillas,upon which a stab was made at him, but missedhim, and he still lives to expiate his guilt on thegallows. 
