 The New York Journal of Commerce has an intimationthat, perhaps, the State of Virginia, in itsmajority and power, having vindicated its honor, putdown the invasion, and brought the desperado Brownand his annunciates to justice, will exercise its mercyin the pardon of the prisoners. Journal of Commerce We must confess our surprise at such an intimationin a quarter distinguished as conservative andpatriotic. But we are more than ever convincedthat the whole gang of outlaws should have beenexecuted as soon as taken. Hereafter when an attemptlike that at Harper's Ferry is renewed, let the'higher law' of abolitionism be met by the 'higherlaw' of self-preservation, and the ruffians have ashort shrift and a long rope. There are occasion and times when apparent rashnessis the truest prudence, and when it is wise andsafe to follow impulses rather than reflection. Wehave little doubt that Brown himself and all his confederatesat the North were surprised that he waspermitted to live ten minutes after his capture, andthat his aoble moderation and forbearance are misconstruedby abolitions into fear, and have givenrise to vain expectations of his pardon in the midstof those who sympathize with murderers and pirates,though not with their crimes. It is unnecessary tosay that the human mind never entertained a moreinsane delusion than the expectation of Brown'spardon, and that the only regret is that Seward,Giddings, and their confederates, have not venturedtheir own necks within reach of the same halter.—Richmond Enquirer. Richmond Enquirer. ☞ The Journal of Commerce is mistaken if itexpects any clemency to the prisoners at Charlestonfrom the executive of Virginia, or any manifestation,from any quarter at the South, of a dispositionto deal gently with them. The invasion ofEmperor's Ferry has exhausted the forbearance of thepeople of South, and created, from the Potomacto the Rio Grande, a feeling of indignation of whichour northern brethren are not aware, because it istoo profound to be expressed in the noisy threats inwhich the South usually vents her rage, for wrongswhich she suffers from the North. This feeling extendsbeyond the brigands, who are now upon trialat Charlestown, to the party at the North, whoseteachings they have illustrated by treason, robberyhad bloodshed, and to the section which submitsto the domination of such a party. It demands thatthe brigand Brown and his followers shall suffer theextreme penalties of the law, for the crime of whichthey have been guilty; and that, henceforth, thereshall be no concession to or compromise with theAnti-Slavery fanaticism of the North. —GeorgiaConstitution. of Commerce GeorgiaConstitution. The more we think of this unparalleled affair, thefurther we become bewildered and lost in amazement.Their career was a short but terrible one.Many valuable lives, we are told, have been sacrificed—a circumstance truly to be deplored. Likethe neighboring population, we go in for a summaryvengeance. A terrible example should be made, thatrill stand out as a beacon-light in time to come.—Sacannah Republican. Likethe neighboring population, we go in for a summaryvengeance. A terrible example should be made, thatrill stand out as a beacon-light in time to come.—Sacannah Republican. It demonstrates the necessity of the Northernpeople in a body, and with one voice, putting downand crushing out such miserable, incendiary, Abolitionwretches, as Giddings, Garrison, Fred Douglas,Wendell Phillips, Seward, Wilson and Summer.These are all schemers and conspirators against thelives and property of the Southern people, and thepeace of the Union. All the power if the Federal Government andthe Government of Virginia should be employedin bringing them to a speedy justice. If there isevidence showing the complicity of Giddings, Douglas,or Thayer, or any other person in this affair,let them be arrested, tried and convicted, and punished. As to the prisoners who were caught in the act,let them be hung, and that forthwith. There shouldbe no temporizing and no fiddling on the part eitherif the President or of Governor Wise. The insurgentsare nothing more nor less than pirates andmurderers, on titled to none of the courtesies of warfor clemencies of law. Immediate shooting orhanging, without trial, is the punishment theymerit, and the only punishment which will have thedesired effect, either at the North or the South. Inregard to such offenders, a just and safe principles isto hang them, and try them afterwards.—RichmondWing. RichmondWing. It is idle for Republican journals, in their fear andonward denials of any knowledge of the Harper'sFerry insurrection, to attempt to mislead public sentienceby declaring that Brown was 'mad,' 'crazy,''a fanatic,' that he had no connection in the North,and that no political party is responsible,' TheRepublican papers dare not approve of the result ofthere own teachings and practices. Is Garrisoncrazy? Was the editor of the Syracuse Journalcrazy? Was Dr. Cutter crazy? Is General JamesWatson Web mad? Is Horace Greeley an inmate ofas hospital, or does he still edit the New York Tribune?Is Mr. Burlingame sane? Abraham Lincoln,Senator Wilson, Senator Wade, Senator Summer,Senator Seward, are they all mad? Are the 'threethousand preachers' of New England, with HenryWard Beecher and Theodore Parker at their heads,instates of a mad-house, or are they still, if all living,preaching the Gospel of Christ? Yet all these,and tens of thousands of others, editors and speakers,have advocated the doctrines which 'mad(?)Brown' has put in bloody practice. The Republicanparty of the North is stained with the blood ofinsurrrection, and let it be pained upon their banners—they are responsible before God for the victimsat Harper's Ferry!—Pennsylvanian. dare Syracuse Journalcrazy Pennsylvanian. ☞The immediate moral, and the immediate legalresponsibility for the bloody affair at Harper'sFerry rests, we believe, upon William H.Seward and his teachings of incessant war uponHenry; for is not Seward the great Apollo of theRepublican party, and was not Brown only one ofits faithful instruments in his 'Kanass workWe say again, let the government prosecute its inspiringin this direction, and let justice be done, accordingto the fact which may be disclosed. Surrey,while Beecher and Phillips and many otherleaders and organs of the Anti-Slavery cause, Abolitionand Republican, are boasting of and gloryingin 'Old Brown,' and during and defying the Virginiaor federal authorities to hang him, surelythere must be some 'aid comfort' in the back-groundwell worth looking after, and bringing to judgment—New York Harold. New York Harold. ☞The Abolitionists mentioned by Old Brownas against of his nefarious scheme are said to bepassing in there boots. Beecher, it is said, willmortly take a trip to Europe, and it is thoughtmost Gerrit Smith will accompany him. Giddingsrepudiates Brown—says he 'don't know the oldrascal!'—Rural Southern. Rural Southern. 
