 The characteristic address delivered by Mr. WendellPhillips at Brooklyn, New York, on Tuesdayevening, will hardly take any one here by surprise.Our people have long been familiar with the recklessinvocations of passion and crime which he hasso long been accustomed to utter, and with his violentattacks upon all social order, at which even theconsummate eloquence of the speaker cannot preventthe listener from shuddering. Our people havelong been known to detent the course of Mr. Phillips,and they long since learned to estimate correctlythe real amount of the influence exerted by him.In most cases, therefore, it makes very little differencewhat he does or does not say, for the people atlarge have little interest in inquiring hi views uponany given subject, other than a feeling of curiosityas to the light in which it may be represented byhis distorted fancy. But the real weight and tendencyof the course of Mr. Phillips, as a public man,is a subject to which we shall take occasion to recurat some future time, simply expressing at presentour most earnest abhorrence of the tenor and scopeof his harangues. At the South, however, it is now to be observedthat men do not estimate so correctly the real importanceof the wild declamations of Mr. Phillips.They have always attached to him an importance ahundred-fold greater than he would claim for himself,and, with their mind excited by the attemptat a practical enforcement of his ferocious doctrinesat Harper's Farry, many may be disposed to listenfavorably to those who would now fain representhim as expressing the view of a considerable portionof the Northern people. The better sense ofthe majority, however, must soon show them thatsuch extraordinary performances as that of whichwe print a report in another column, have little todo with the real public opinion of the North. Ourpeople listen with delight to the persuasive oratoryof the speaker, and are charmed by the exquisitefinish of hi work,—but they detest his doctrinesand repudiate his counsel; his principles are abhorrentto their moral sense, and hi unsparing denunciationand scorn even of the honored dead shocktheir dearest associations. Like Mr. Corwin, whoheard Mr. Phillips at Brooklyn, they listen with interest;but with the speaker's sentiments they haveas little sympathy as is shown in the speech whichMr. Corwin himself made in Brooklyn on the nextnight.—Boston Daily Advertiser. Boston Daily Advertiser. But, after all, what is their guilt compared, forinstance, with that of Wendell Phillips, to whomno injustice could be done by presuming that hefavored Brown's projected enterprise, and onlynow laments his ill-success? How he will mouthabout him at the first opportunity which occurs,after the whole sad scene is over! What a martyr,what a hero, what a saint, (of the Beecher Independentorder of saintly man, who propagate charitywith the rifle's muxxle) with he pronounce him tobe! Will not there be solenb ceremonies calledto celebrate his obsequies? A funeral oration byPhillips himself, perhaps a statue called for, toto anticipate that to Horace Mann? Alas, whereis Phillips now? He is a lawyer—the chief abolitionorator—heart and soul engaged in advocating the verypurpose which the brainless idiots at Harper's Ferryhave attempted to put into action. Shall he shrinkfrom defending at the bar of justice his compatriot,who has risked his life for the cause? Brownneeds the services of counsel, the countenance andsupport of friends. He is compelled to accept suchlegal aid as the Court assigns, or be without thatassistance which every man needs when on trial forhis life. The occasion is one of national, of historicalinterest. Such an opportunity is very unlikelyto occur again soon for Mr. Phillips to place his nameon record, as a generous, fearless advocate in a cause,for which he professes himself willing to imperil anation's peace—a people's safety—perhaps himselfto become martyr for a principle, held by him as beinga truth, above every truth. How could Mr. Phillips,apparently in professional position, in imputedability, in devotion to his object—in all things thevery man for the occasion, miss such an opportunity?How could they let such a golden chance goby? Why did not he—why did not others like-minded,volunteer? Alas, that it should come tothis— Independent O, I de fear thee, Claudic, and I quaks,Lest thou a feverous life should' at entertain,And six or seven winters more respectThan a perpetual honor—darest thou die?    Alarming Condition of the Country—Probable Triumphof Black Republican Revolution. Alarming Condition of the Country—Probable Triumphof Black Republican Revolution. The rebellion at Harper's Ferry; the publicpreaching of rank treason, such as Wendell Phillip'sLemons for the Hour,' delivered in HenryWard Beecher's church with tremendous applause'the more covert but not less dangerous inculcationof the same principles and acts by Beecher himselfin his sermon, which has gained such popularity asto be reproduced in the Independent of this day;the open-mouthed, out-spoken endowment of thetreason and the traitors by Senator Wilson, and thecourse of the leading journals of the Republicanpress which have commented on the bloody business,either by glorying in it, like Phillips, and exalting'Old Brown' to the rank of a demi-god, or by expressingregret, not for what has been done, but thatit has been done so badly, and that so little successhas attended the performance—all these are portentoussigns of the times, well calculated to alarmthe conservative classes of the community, as clearlyindicating the rapid progress of revolutionary principlesin the North—the gathering and marshallingof thunder clouds from the horizon to the zenith,which threaten to explode in a fearful tempest whenthey most the dark lowering masses, charged withelectricity, coming from the opposite heavens. Independent The fact of such a sermon as Beecher's being receivedwith boundless scint, and the fast of the addressof Phillips being not only tolerated, but applaudedto the echo, in the most popular church of'the City of Churches,' proclaim more forcibly thanvolumes of words the danger which is looming up insuch formidable dimensions.—N.Y. Herald. scint N.Y. Herald. ☞ In this occurrence we are called upon to noticethe legitimate tendency of the black republicansteachings. We are told that there I an'irreponsibleconflict' between the North and the South;that between slavery and freedom a war of exterminationis to be fought; that the slaves shall riseagainst their masters and that they will eventuallysucceed in their subjugation and destruction. Weare told this. It is preached from the pulpit. It isthundered from the stamp. It is paraded in columnupon column in the journals. Men all over thecountry believe this. It is the black republican doctrineunblushingly announced.—Barnstable Patriot. Barnstable Patriot. Now that it is known that this conspiracy wasplanned and set on foot by Abolitionists, who designeda bloody crusade against the South, the Christianpeople of the North should as one men demesneit, and disown all sympathy with the reckless menwho embarked their money and influence in suchfanatical and wicked schemes.—New York Observer. New York Observer. 
