 The Democratic Physique gives a highly interestingreport of the proceedings of a grand banquet ofPhalanateris at Paris, Oct. 21. The followingextract from it to peculiarly gratifying:—   'One episode has particularly excited enthusiasmin our Planterian festival. The representativeof the people, M. Charles Doin, who was chargedwith preuting the toast: To the emancipation of allpeoples, appeared at the tribune living at his sidesMR. MAT and Poar-PAFY, representativeselected by the Antilles.   To the emancipation of allpeoples AT  AFY M. Pury-papy, belonging to the class of color, isa member of the bar of Martinique. M. Mathieu isa fine specimen of a negro, of the purest ebony: aman of the people of the tropics. M. Duin, thewhite creole, giving his hand to his two brothers,presented them to this assembly of the white race.In the colonies, it is the man of color who is toplace himself in the centre, and serve as the fraternalbond between the black and white. At the right of this group, united in such a Christianmanner, and in the midst, too, of the tropicaltrees, ot tremendous acclamation burst forth, tentimes repeated and prolonged with transport. Especiallydid a sympathetic cry from all hearts respondto these words: May our solicitude and ourlove henceforth procure the pardon of our secular tyranny!  May our solicitude and ourlove henceforth procure the pardon of our secular tyranny! Here is the toast pronounced by M. Duin: TO THE EMANCIPATION OF ALL PEOPLES! O THE MANCIPATION OF ALL EOPLES To the unity, to the final emancipation of allGermany! May the bright irradiation of the democratic auroradisperse these visions of the night, these phantomsof king which yet boast her walking! mayGerman, adjuring, as we do, the barbarousspirit of oppression and of conquest, reach our agenerous head to her sisters, Hungary, Poland andItaly!  To Italy, which the last satellites of tyranny thinkto guard is i sepulcher, and which revives tooverthrow them.  To Spain! which recalls to itself its ancient glory,and agitates i self in its chains! To Portugal!when chains monarchical France has riveted, butwhose deliverance republican France shall salute!To Ireland! which has merited liberty by suchlong tortures! to Ireland! which dies with famine,and sets a price upon the heads of its children!Glory to Smith O'Brien, and to all the martyrs ofthe sacred Irish cause! To the abolition of slavery in all the earth! Toour well beloved brothers, the blacks and mulatues!May our olicide and our love henceforthprocure the pardon of our secular tyranny! To thefraternal fusion of human races!  To the enfraisement of all nationalities; tothe confederation of peoples; to the Republic universal!'  
