 The question of closing the corresponding relationbetween the Congregational and Presbyterianchurches, on account of the admission of slaveholdersto the common of the latte, is evidentlyregarded with deep interest by New EnglandChristians. There is, however a diversity ofviews in relation to the expediency of the measure;so be regarding it as very desirable, othersbeing decidedly opposed to it, and still others whoare in doubt which course would most effectuallybear upon the removal of the evil. All classes areamong at the same results, but there is a diversityof opinions in regard to the most appropriatemeans; and as is too often the cast, there is wantingmuch of that charity which should exist betweenthe proposed disciples of Christ, who mayconscientiously entertain different views in regardto the expediency of the measures to be adoptedfor gaining a desirable object. Those in favor ofdissolving these relations between the churches,have too frequently conveyed the idea that theywho entertained different views, were apologistsfor slavery, and were exerting an influence to upholdthe system, and to soothe the consequences ofthe slaveholders. Their opponents have beenequally severe and uncharitable to their charges.A correspondent of the New York Observer, overthe signature of 'A New England Pastor,' characterizesthose who whose would close the correspondenceon account of slavery, as 'ultra men, resolute andfierce', and those entertaining different views, as'reasonable and just-minded men.' He chargesthe former class with using 'reproachful namesand inuendos,' instead of 'truth and argument;'and then speaks of them as 'that peculiar—whatshall I call it?—whose strong is in its tail,' andcharges them with insincerely, and wanting onlyAGITATION AGITATION, and ranks them all as abolitionistsof the Garrison school. Such languageand such arguments on either side will never convince.They will rather serve to fix the party toWhom they are applied, in a state of more inflexibleopposition. GITATION GITATION Any one well acquainted with the state of publicopinion, knows that ultra abolitionists is losingits foothold in New England, and becoming confusedto a small faction; white he real anti-slaveryfeeling is deepening and extending through all themisses o four population; and it there is any onesentiment of a public character which is fasteningupon the mind and moving he feeling of our peoplemore than any other, it is that of opposition toslavery. We see it developed in political movements.No party can succeed, no candidate foroffice can secure public confidence, of opposition toslavery is wanting. Thus movement of the commonsense of New England is irresistible, andwould sweep away the popularity of our strongeststatesmen, should they attempt to resist it. Andit is not strange that the same men, acting in thecapacity of a church, should suffer the same feelingsto predominate in their church relations,but this spirit of anti-slavery which is so deeplymoving the misses of New England, is not excitedto carry its measures contrary to the laws orthe constitution. All legal and equitable rights ofthe slaveholder must be respected; but he mostexpect no more concessions. We cannot abrogateslavery where it exists, but it must not be extended.So likewise we cannot infringe in he leaston the religious rights and privileges of slaveholders,and we have no right to judge that they cannotbe Christians if they hold slaves. I believethere are multitudes of good Christians who areslaveholders; and so I believe there were multitudesof good Christians who were reellers;but I do not believe that with the present degreeof light on the subject, Christians can be engagedin that traffic, with a clear conscience, or withoutlosing their evidence that they are Christians.Nor do I believe that slaveholders, with the samedegree of right, can engage in many of the practiceswhere are almost necessarily incident to slaveryand maintain clear consciences and evidenceof being Christians. The time was when Rev.John Newton could he concerned in the slavetrade in all its horrors, and yet maintain a respectablestanding in the church of Christ, and foraught we know, a conscience void of offence; butwho supposes that such a course of contact wouldbe tolerated for a moment now by any body ofevangelical Christians? So slaveholders mightonce have bought and sold their fellow men forgain, might have requested their labor and servicewithout compensation, aught have kept them inthis state of unrequited servitude, without usingany efforts to enlighten and Christianize them,and might sell parts of families, thus causing aseparation for life; but I do not believe that sucha slaveholder would have any very clear evidenceof possessing a Christian character, or a very easyconscience, if he contained such practices after acandid and prayerful enquiry in regard to the correctednessof his conduct. were  Now the question is, will the slaveholder besooner brought to see and to feel the sinfulness ofsuch conduct by containing the correspondence,and kindly urging it upon his attention; or byclosing the correspondence, and thus protestingagainst the sin? Which will most effectuallyawaken his conscience, and bring him to repentance? The writer referred to urges the continuance ofcorresponding relations on the ground that slaverywas tolerated by the apostles. On the samegrounds he would justify has own church membersin holding slaves, and engaging in the objectionablepractices of slaveholders. I believe that very fewN.E. pastors or churches would come on to thatPlatform. But while the apostles did not attempt to abolishslavery directly, they so expounded and applied thegospel, that their teachings were followed, all itsobjectionable fractures would be removed, and therelation of master and servant would be merelynominal. Masters are charged to forbear threatening,'knowing that your Master also is in Heaven;neither is there respect of persons with him.'And again, masters are expressly commanded to'give unto their servants that which is just and equal,knowing that they have also a Master in Heaven,'Col. iv. 1. See also James v. 4; 1 The. iv. 6.Christ also teaches, 'All things what so everywould that men should do to you, do ye even so tothem, for this is the law and the prophets.' Nowif these and such like precepts are obeyed, thespirit of slavery will cause, whether the name iscontinued or not; and it is not right, therefore,to bolster up the slaveholder with any such reliance. give unto their servants that which is just and equal I do not think that New England people ingeneral entertain the opinion that slavery is sin,per se; nor that they believe Christian slaveholdersguilty of maltreating their slaves. In their physicalcondition, the slaves are undoubtedly better off thanthe serfs of Europe,—altogether better feel andclothed than the poor of Ireland, and their sufferingsfrom chastisements than is endured bymultitudes in our own land from the effects of intemperance.In certain cases, too, the relation ofmaster and slave may be sustained as a positiveduty, and perfectly consistent with the spirit of thegospel precepts. So too, the traffic in ardent spiritsfor medicinal purposes is perfectly justifiable;but it is quit another thing, when a man engagesin the traffic in the article as a beverage, for thesake of gain, 'when he gives his neighbor drink,and puts his bottle to him and makes, him drunkenalso J.P.F. per se 
