 A BLACK REPRESENTATIVE.—A Paris paper ofOctober 20, states that at the sitting of the FrenchNational Assembly of the preceding day, a considerablemovement took place to the Chamber, inconsequence of the appearance of M. Mozuline,whose admission was lately pronounced for thecolony of Martinique. The representative, who isof the very blackest hue, walked up to the extremeend of he Chamber, and took his rent immediatelyunder the clock. His features were then visible,and presents to view the true negro type. Themovement through the Chamber continued to increase,and arrived at its highest pitch when thenew commer coolly drew out an eye-glass, and proceededto leisurely examine the different parts ofthe Assembly. It was sense moments before thePresident could procure sufficient attention to allowthe discussion on the constitution to proceed.—[Boston Daily Advertiser. LACK EPRESENTATIVE. ☞'Two negroes and two mulattoes, electedfor Guadeloupe, have taken their seals in theFrench National Assembly.'–Exchange Paper. Exchange Paper. Is not that horrible? Are the French goingmad? Will there he no end to their delusion?Why, they have, not long since, dethroned theirKing, established a Republican term of government;then emancipated all the slaves in all theirdominations; and now, to cap the climax of follyand wickedness, they admit into their against NationalAssembly, four 'darkies,' to be co-legislatorswith such men as Prince Louis Napoleon. Let the French come to America, to our landof liberty and equality, and we will teach thembetter. We are willing to acknowledge that'all men are created equal,' but still when it comesto putting 'niggers' and 'mulattoes' in places ofequality, we will quickly let these know, 'Wedon't admit niggers here.' Wedon't admit niggers here. ☞Since writing the shore, we see the followingin the last Pennsylvania Freeman: SHOCKING—The puris correspondent of theBoston Chronotype says that M. Passy, of Martinique,a colored men, how taken his seat in the French National Assembly. Should not the AmericanGovernment notice this evident outrage uponour tastes and manners, and slur upon our justiceand religious, and demand instant reparation bythe French Republic? it is as had as a direct assertionthat they have know better the law of nature, and what constitutes true Christianity and republicanism,and polite manners, than ourselves.This comes of French Infidelity and Catholicism,and their old monarchical notions. They need eithera course of lectures from some Protestant divine,on 'morals and manners,' or such a drubbingas we have given the Mexicans, to teach them thatwe are not to be insulted before the world, withimpunity. The Government should despatch Dr.Dewey or Captain Bragg on the mission. Or, perhaps,if the church at home can spare both, theyshould both go—one with his sermon, and the otherwith his grape, that the needed conversionmight be the more speedy and through—[Ohio,Free Press. 
