 Although the election has passed, we are notwilling that the people should lose sight of themenus which were used to nominate General Taylor,or of the men who urged his nomination uponthe country. The following letter from CharlesHudson, of Massachusetts, to Hon. Judge Allen,of Massachusetts, is worthy of especial attention.Mr. Huds n, by his support of Taylor, has givenevidence that he prefers being in the majoritywithout principle, to being in the minority withprinciple. He has his choice. He made it. Hemust abide the result. We copy the letter fromthe Boston Chronotype: Just on the eve of the Philadelphia Convention,Mr. Hudson wrote the following letter to JudgeAllen, which the latter how for the first time publishes,omitting only two paragraphs describingthe mode of proceeding at the Harrisburg Conventionin 1840. The letter is surpassingly rich: WASHINGTON, May 28, 1848. ASHINGTON MY DEAR SIR:—The time is approaching whenyour will be at the big Convention to select a candidatefor the Presidency; and I presume thatyou feel just as I felt in 1839, that you wish to begoverned by your own sense of propriety, and notby the politicians at Washington. It would be agreat blessing to the country, if the members herewould leave the whole matter to the Delegates.But there are certain men who have made thebusiness of selecting a candidate the great businessof the session. The Taylor men have beeninstant in season and out of season to press hisclaims, and in fact demand for, him support.Among these may be mentioned  TrumanSmith, of Connection,' who, considering his positionas a Northern man, has done more for Taylorismthan any other man. He will be at theConvention. The prime movers in behalf of Mr.Clay were one half of them sincere, and the otherhalf urged has name as the most effectual way ofkilling off Taylor. Gen. Scott seems now to belooking up; but, after all, the sober, substantialWhigs, here are inclined to Judge Mc Lean.Were it not for a personal feeling between thefriends of Corwin and the Judge, I think the latterwould b the favorite of Ohio. Thus much Ithought it proper to say, that you might knowhow things stand here. I know nothing of yourviews on the subject, but presume that you go fora Northern name; and it. Webster is out of thequestion, it will, as it now seems, lie betweenScott and McLean. My own opinion is that thelatter will be the strongest in all parts of thecountry. Y EAR IR demand  With Taylor, I fear we should lose our ownState, and sacrifice our own principles. For one, Ihad rather be in a minority adhering to principle,than in a majority without principle. But I write your principally for the purpose ofsuggesting the mode of bringing about a nomination. Much will be done out of doors, and I wouldsuggest to you the propriety of being at Philadelphiaa day or two before the meeting of the Convention.The Whigs the a powerful foe to contendwith, and it would be well to select such acandidate as would in case of defeat, leave us inpossession of our principles. The slave powermost be resisted sooner or later, and the sooner itis done the better. You will understand that I do not write you toinfluence your vote, or to inter here in the least withyour functions as delegate. But believing that ourviews and feelings harmonize on this subject, Ihave felt at liberty to speak freely. I should bepleased to see you at Washington. Perhaps youmay come on here before or after the Convention.Hoping that wisdom may guide you all—and thata good selection may be made, I subscribe myself, Yours most respectfully. (Signed) CHARLES HUDSON. Hon. CHARLES ALLEN. HARLES LLEN. 
