 [From the Atchison (Kansas) Squatter Sovereign] MORE TERNED BACK. The steamerSultan, having on board contraband articles,was recently stopped at Leavenworth City, andlightened of 44 rifles, and a large quantity of pistolsand bowie-knives, taken from a crowd ofcowardly Yankees, shipped out here by Massachusetts.The boat was permitted to go up as far asWeston, where a guard was placed over the prisoners,and none of them permitted to land. Theywere shipped back from Weston on the same boat,without even being insured by the shippers. Wedo not approve fully of sending these criminalsback to the East, to be re-shipped to Kansas—ifnot through Missouri, through Iowa and Nebraska.We think they could meet a TRAITOR'S DEATH, andthe world would not censure us if we, in self-protection,have to resort to such ultra measures. Weare of the opinion, if the citizens of Leaven worthCity or Weston would HANG ONE OR TWO BOAT LOADSor Abolitionists, it would do more toward establishmentin Kansas than all the speeches that establishing peace in Kansas than all the have been delivered in Congress during the presentsession. Let the Experiment be tried. ORE ERNED ACK. We think they could meet a  KANSAS. During the past six months,the slave population in this portion of the Territoryhas greatly increased. Many settlers fromSouth Carolina, Virginia, and other SouthernStates, have wisely brought slaves with them, asbeing the most effectual way of settling the questionof Slavery in the Territory. These are thekind of settlers we need here now. ANSAS. A Nice Game. Old Bullion and his satellites,Blair and Brown, are playing it out pretty strong.They pretend to be for Buchanan, when, in fact,they are his deadly foes. If they succeed in dividingthe Democratic vote, in go the Know NothingPresidential electors, and Missouri is lost to Buchanan.This will bring that beautiful son-in-lawof Old Bullion's into the House, when all the BlackRepublicans and Know Nothing will unite andmake him President. The Palmetto Rifles—28TH OF JUNE. Thememorable 28th having been decided upon as theanniversary of the Palmetto Rifles, of Atchison,was duly celebrated by a parade and banquet. UNE. At the head of the table hung the 'blood redflag,' with the Lone Star, and the motto of 'Southern Rights'on the one side, and 'South Carolina' on theother. The same flag that first floatedon the rifle-pits of the Abolitionists at Lawrence, andon the hotel of the same place, intriumph, now hung over the heads of the noblesoldiers who bore it so bravely through that exciting war. The following are among the toasts drank:— 3. Kansas—Our chosen home—stand by her.Yes! sons of the South, make her a SLAVE STATE,or die in the attempt! [This toast was receivedwith loud and continued applause.] Kansas 5. South Carolina—Our mother—she lives in ourhearts. While true to her, we know she will betrue to us. South Carolina 6. Missouri—Our ally—nobly has she stood byher youngest sister. All hail to the gallant 'Border Ruffians!'We are them one. Missouri 7. Gen. D. B. Atchison—Recognized by SouthCarolina as one fit to command—he has but to givethe order, and to a man we will haste. 7. Gen. D. B. Atchison To the just and glorious strife,With our knives Southern Rights shielding;Nay, resign, if it must be done, even life;But die at least unyielding. 10.The Hon. Preston S. Brooks—By whipping crazy Sumner, he has furnished the 2d edition ofwhat the Abolitionists call 'Border Ruffianism.'that is, the determination of honorable minds toresent injury and insult from a mouth-piece offanaticism, come from what quarter it may. The Hon. Preston S. Brooks 11.Disunion—By secession, or otherwise—abeacon of hope to an oppressed people, and thesurest remedy for Southern wrongs. [Enthusiasticcheers.] Disunion The Squatter Sovereign—May it ever receive ahearty support from that South whose interests ithas so warmly defended. The Squatter Sovereign This sentiment was received with applause, andafter a few remarks in response from Col. R.S.Kelley, three cheers were given for The SquatterSovereign. In sitting down, Col. Kelley offered ing— The Squatter The City of Atchison—May she, before the closeof the year '57, be the capital of a Southern Respecters public.[Cheers.] The City of Atchison Southern Respecters public.  By S.B. Alexander:— Kansas—The Pro-Slavery party will assert andmaintain the supremacy of the white race, or diein the attempt. By Wallace Jackson:— Kansas—WE WILL MAKE HER A SLAVE STATE, orform a chain of locked arms and hearts together,and die in the attempt. LAVE TATE By Dr. G.T. Lory— The Palmetto Flag—We brought it here in honorablereturn it the same. By W.H. Jenkins—The Distribution of the Public Lands:—One hundredand sixty acres to every Pro-Slavery settler,and to every Abolitionist six feet by two. By W.H. Jenkins—The Distribution of the Public Lands By Major E.L. Yates—Sheriff Jones of Douglas County—A martyr toSouthern Rights; may he long survive his attemptedassissination, and may his revenge be,Kansas a Slave State. Sheriff Jones of Douglas County Mr. Jenkins gave:— 'the health of D.R. Atchison, the Border Ruffian Chief.'[Drank standing.] 
