 Correspondence of the New York Tribune. ST. LOUIS, Wednesday, July 2, 1856. T. OUIS It is rumored that an ancient people consecratedthe Fourth of this month to Liberty. So, I thought,the second of July might be a good day to visit aDemocratic Slave Market. I have before been in other Slave States, but neverin Missouri. The first thing that struck meon arriving in this city was the apparent absenceof the negro race. In a crowd of a thousandpersons on the levee this morning, assembled towitness the burning of six steamboats, I could notcount ten black faces. I was told, in explanation,that the colored population was all 'up town'—not in the business part of the city. So, too, I searched the newspapers for slave advertisements,though I knew this city not to be agreat mart for these commodities, like Richmond.But in vain. At last, in a corner of The Republican.I discovered the following: The Republican. 'NEGROES WANTED.—I wish to purchases a largelot of NEGROES, expressly for the Louisiana awl Mississippimarket, for which I will pay the highest cashprices. All these who have Regress for sale, would dowell to give me a call. I can always be seen at the CityHotel, or at Mr. Thompson's Negro Yard, No 67 Locustst. St. Louis, Mo. je4d&w3m  JOHN MATTINGLY.' B.M. LYNCH. No. 100 Locust st. between Fourthand Fifth sts., St. Louis, Mo., being permanently leasedfor the purchase of Negroes, will pay the highestmarket value. He will also buy and sell on commission,having a good yard for their accommodation. Particular attention paid to the selection of homesfor favorite servants. Negroes to sale at all times. 'NEGROES WANTED and for SALE—WANTEDand for SALE. NEGROES of all kinds, at my office,No. 67 Locust st. between 2d and 3d sts. St. Louis. Me.Having a good and safe yard to board and keep Negroes,I will buy and sell on commission as low as any otherhouse in this city. Please give as a call. [mh 29 ly] CORBIN THOMPSON.' I took an early opportunity to call on Mr. CorbinThompson. I found him in the doorway of alittle wooden office, like a livery stable office in outof our cities; he being a large, lounging, good naturedlooking men, not unlike a reputable stable-keeperin appearance and manner. Inside his stable,alas! I saw his dusky 'stock,' and he readilyseceded to my desire to take a nearer look at them. Behind the little office, there was a dirty littledark room; behind that, a dirty little kitchen,opening into a dirty little yard. This yard wassurrounded with high brisk walls, varied by otherwalls made of old iron plates, rebasing twentyfeet high. Those various pieces were all swarmingwith negroes, dirty and clean, from six years old toforty—perhaps two weans in all, the majority beingchildren under fourteen. the majority beingchildren under fourteen. 'Fat and sleek as Harry Clay's,' said my conductor,putting one on the head particularly. Most of them had small paper fans, which theyused violently This little stricken of comfort lookedvery odd, amid such squalid raggedness as motof them showed, One was cooking, two or threewashing and two playing courts with a filthy packof cards. The sun shown down intensely hot (itwas noon in the little brick yard, and they sat,lounged, or lay about, only the children seeminglively. I talked a little with them, and they answered,some quietly, some with that mixture of obsequiousnessand impudence so common amongslaves. Mr. Thompson answered all questionsvery readily. The 'negroes' or niggers, be said,(seldom employing the Virginia phrases' servants'or 'people,') came mostly from Missouri or Virginia,and were with him but a little while. 'Buywhen I an, and sell when I can, that's my wayand never ask no questions, only in the way oftrade. 'At this season, get a good many from travelers. On enquiry, be explained this mystery by addingthat it was not uncommon for families visitingNorthern watering places, to bring along a likelyboy or girl, and sell them to pay the expenses ofthe jaunt. This is a feature or the patriarchal institutionwhich I think has escaped Mrs. Stowe.Hereafter I shall never see a Southern heiresses atNewport, without fancying I read on her ball-dressthe name or the likely boy or girl' who was-soldfor it.' As for yonder Sam no and Dinah,' (I meditated)'no doubt young Buford Dashaway, Esq.is at this moment driving them out to SaratogaLake, as a pair of blood horses. O Miss CarolinaPettitoes, of Fifth avenue, how odd it would be if,as you sat superb by his side, those four-leggedcattle suddenly resumed the squalid two-legged conditionin which I now behold them, in Thompson'snegro-yard. No. 67 Locust at.'! I strolled back into the front office, and sat downto see if anything turned op. The thing that turnedup was a rather handsome, surburban-lookingtwo horse carriage, out of which stepped lazily asmall, spare, gentlemanly man, evidently a favoredpatron of my host. After a moment's privatetalk, Thompson went out, while the gentlemansaid abruptly to me, 'Well, it is all bad enough,housekeeping, marketing, and all, but I'am d—d ifservants aint the worst of all.' We then talked alittle, and I found him the pleasantest type of aSoutherner—courteous, kind, simple, a little imperious—finally, a man of property, member of theCity Government, and living a little out of town. Thompson came in and shook his head. 'Can'tlet negroes to anybody, Mr.—. Glad to sell,anyhow.' let sell 'Got a good article of a small girl?' said thegentleman suddenly. 'Martha!' shouted the slave-dealer, and presentlythree good articles, aged 11, 9, and 7, cametrotting in. I had not seen them before. Nicelittle pink frocks, not very dirty, barefooted, ofcourse, but apparently well taken rare of. and evidentlysisters. With some maneuvering they werearranged in line before my new" acquaintance, thepurchaser. He fixed his eye on Sue, a black marble statue,aged seven. Nothing could have been kinder thanMr.—'s manner in addressing the littlething. 'Will you like to come and live with me,and have-some little girls to play with!' (It is a little patriarchal, I said. That kindvoice would win any child.) I looked to see the merry African smile on thechild's face. Bat no smile came. There was a moment'spause. 'Speak up, child.' said the merchant, roughly.But she didn't speak up, nor look up, either.—Down went the black marble face, drooping down,down, till the chin rested on the breast of the littlepink frock. Down, down came one big tear,and then another over the black marble cheeks;and then the poor little wretch turned away to thewall, and burst into as hearty an agony of tears,is your little idol Susy, or yours (my good NewEngland mother) might give way to, at such asoffer from the vary kindest awn who ever chewedtobacco in the streets of Missouri! your Human nature is a rather unconquerable thing,after all, isn't it! is My kind purchaser looked annoyed, and turnedaway. The slave-trader gave an ominous look tothe poor child, such as I had not seen on his facebefore, 'Beg pardon, sir.' (said he gruffly,) 'theyonly name from Virginia yesterday, and hav'ntlearnt how to treat gentlemen yet.' (with an emphasis.) yet. Poor little Sue! The purchaser next turned to Martha, the eldersister, a bright, Tipsy-looking thing. 'What's that on her cheek?' be asked, pointingto a sort of soar or streak of paleness. Marthagrinned. 'Somebody's whacked her chops, most likely,'said the slavetrader, coolly, (in whose face I sawnothing good natured after that.) Nothing morewas said about it. The gentlemen drew the child to him, felt themuscles of her arm, and questioned her a little.—Her price was $700, that of the next $500, andlittle Sue's $450. 'Well, Martha,' said be at last, 'wouldn't youlike to go with me, and have a pleasant home? Strange to say, the African smile left Martha'smerry face too. 'Please sir,' said she, 'I wish Icould stay with my mother.' 'Confound the girls.' said the good-natured purchaser,turning to me in despair. 'they must besold to somebody, von know. Of course. I can'tbuy the whole of them, and the mother too.' Ofcourse not: and there was the whole story in a nutshell. 'Nonsense, gals,' said Thompson;' your mother'Il be up here, may be, some day.' (Pleasantprospect in the lottery of life for three' articles'under twelve years!) On enquiry, it appeared that the mother was inVirginia, and might or might not be sent to St.Louis for sale. The intention wan, however, tosell the children in a day or two, together or separately,or also to send those South with Mr. Mattingly.(See advertisement.) To avert this. I hoped earnestly that my good-naturedfriend would hay one or more of the poorthings. 'For,' said he to me, 'I mean to bringher up well. She'll be a pet for the children!black or white, it will make as difference; andwhile I live, I shan't sell her—that is, while it'spossible to help it.' (A formidable reservation,considering the condition of most Southern senates.) well. The little pink frocks were ordered off, anda bargain was finally struck for Matches, quite toMr. Thompson's chagrin, who evidently hoped tosell See, and would, no doubt, have does so, butfor her ignorance' how to trust gentlemen.' Girl is sound, I suppose I' carelessly inquiredthe purchaser. Wind and limb,' responded the trader. 'Butstrip her naked, and examine every inch of her, if youwish,' he quickly added;' I never have any disguiseswith my customers.' 'Butstrip her naked, and examine every inch of her, if youwish I never have any disguiseswith my customers. So ended the bargain, and I presently took myleave. I had one last glass at little See. It innot long since I not fast on the floating wreck of anunknown vessel at sea, and then left it driftingaway into the darkness alone. But it was sadderto me to think of that little wreck of babyhood,drifting off alone into the ocean of Southern crimeand despair. St. Louis must unquestionably be a very religious place, however, for in returning to my hotel, Ipassed a church with inscriptions in four differentlanguages. There was Jehovah in Hebrew. 'DuoUno et Trino.' 'In homeroom S. hudovieci.' Finallyin English end French, 'My house shall be calledthe house of prayer,' with the rest of the sentence,in both cases, omitted. Singular accident, isn't it? with the rest of the sentence,in both cases, omitted. JULY 3, 1856.—I forgot to mention that I askedMr. Thompson, out of the dozen children in hisyard,' how many had their parents or motherswith them. 'Not one,' he answered, as if rathersurprised at the question; 'I take 'em as they come,in lots. Hardly ever, have a family.' I suppose you would rather keep a family togetherI put in, suggestively. rather ' Yes.' he answered carelessly. 'Can't thinkmuch about that, though. Have to shut up shoppretty quick, if I did. Have to take 'am as theycome.' that This was evident enough, and I only insert it inthe faint hope of enlightening the minds of thoseverdant innocents, who still believe that the separationof families is a rare occurrence, when everyNew Orleans newspaper contains a dozen advertisementsof 'Assorted lots of young negroes.' Another delusion I mast correct also. It is oftenasserted that slavetraders are generally regardedas a degraded class in a slaveholding community,that no gentleman will associate with them. &.This, if true, would only add another to the absurdself-contradictions of a system which createssuch a class of men, and then despises them. ButI have no belief that the fact is generally correctThe two whom I saw yesterday morning, fur instance,(Measure. Thompson and Mattingly,) hadentirely the bearing of men engaged in a respectablebusiness. Decidedly more so, for instance,than men engaged in the retail liquor trade usuallyhave in New England. The purchaser, Mr.—,was evidently a gentleman of good social standing,and of favorable appearance in every way. Yethe treated the slavetraders as any gentleman wouldtreat any other with whom he had dealings, andwith no reserve or superiority. Except in some allusionsto the Under-ground Railroad, and precautionsagainst it in the way of walls, dogs, &., atMr.—'s house, there was not a word which mightnot have been spoken in any respectable intelligence office. I have since visited the other establishmentnamed above, Mr. Lynch's. Here, also, I was receivedcourteously, and shown over the premises,which did not take long. Mr. L. was one of thosepersons whom one rather likes to see (in a badbusiness)—an acute, robust, uncompromising sinner;such a man as one often finds in the liquortraffic with us. He believed that money was thegod of this world, and he went for getting all onecould get; he thought philanthropy was nonsense,and no man helped slaves of without being wellpaid for it: he had observed that ministers of thegospel liked to marry a rich plantation, as wall asany body else; he thought it was all humbugabout separating husbands and wives in slavery.—what if you did? In fact, marriage among whitepeople was a good deal of a humbug, and men wereas had in it as out of it, therefore he himself wasa bachelor. As for separating young families, tradersvery seldom did it, (I thought of little Sue,)—if others did it, it wasn't their affair; but hedidn't like to have to sell families, any way—itwas inconvenient and unprofitable. And so on. After all this, I of course liked him much betterthan if he had quoted Scripture in his cause, andwas not surprised when he went on to claim thathe wasn't able to act up to his theory, but kepttrusting people who deceived him, and helping menwho were ungrateful, and so on. Nor was I surprisedto find his establishment in neater order thanthe previous one; or to hear him claim that all hisnegroes would like to keep him for their master.—For, in spite of Rochefoucauld's maxim of hypocrisy,I always have found the Charles Surfaces betterthan the Joseph's, either being bad enough. Mr. Lynch's yard was much like the other, onlywith an iron gate instead of a wooden one, a woodenfence for an iron one, all-fours instead of euchre,and grown men instead of small girls. I noticedone pretty little quadroon girl, and a noble lookingblack man playing the violin. I could not helpwishing he might follow the destiny of a similarpiece of property, who, as my host remarked, was'somewhere near Chicago now,' having ran away. He told me that there had been lees doing oflate, on the U.G.R.R., owing to some exposures;but until within a year, they lost a great many.He also said that the slave business in St. Louiswas chiefly a local business with the interior country.City slaves art usually sold for some fault,and sent down the river—'of course,' be said, therecould be nothing wrong in separating a brotherand sister, as old, say, as 13 or 14, and sendingthem different ways. Slaves are seldom broughtto St. Louis from Richmond, but sent commonly toNashville. of course I found Mr. Lynch a man decidedly superior inapparent intelligence and manners, to either ofthe other mentioned, though they appeared well inthese respects. At parting, he cordially invitedme to call again, and sand my friends—which Ihereby do. T.W. HIGGINSON. IGGINSON. 
