 The Price of Niggers, and the Prospects of Disunion—Southern Secessionists and Northern DiscussionAbolitionists going for Buchanan. The Price of Niggers, and the Prospects of Disunion—Southern Secessionists and Northern DiscussionAbolitionists going for Buchanan. We call the attention of our intelligent andthinking readers, of all parties, to the article whichwe transfer to our columns to-day from the Richmond Enquirer,on Mr. Buchanan's election and theprice of niggers, and the appended speeches ofWilliam Lloyd Garrison and Wendell Phillips, atan Abolition Forth of July celebration in Massachusetts.It will be seen from this testimony, thatwhile the nigger-driving and secession democracyof the South desire the election of Mr. Buchanan,because it will extend the area of slavery and increasethe price of niggers, the Massachusettsabolition leaders are of the opinion that Fremontand the Republican party will never answer theirpurpose, but that the election of Buchanan willhave a decided tendency to facilitate the great Garrisonianultimatum of a dissolution of the Union.  This compound dish of Southern nigger-drivingand secession democracy and Northern disunionabolitionism, which we thus tender our renders today, they will find to be somewhat stronger distthan the ordinary slops and water gruel of most ofour party organs and orators at this extraordinarypolitical crisis. The Richmond Enquirer undertakes very deliberatelyto show that there was no mistake in theestimates of Governor Wise, concerning the rise inthe price of niggers—two, three or four hundredper cent.—that will fallow the election of Mr. Buchanan.The argument advanced in support ofthe Governor's calculations is a good one. WithMr. Buchanan's election, and under his administration,Kansas will come in as a slave State, otherterritories will come in as slave States, including,perhaps, a slice or two from Mexico, and Cubaand several other of the West India Islands.(See Cincinnati platform and Ostend manifesto.)These accessions will comprehend a largely increaseddemand for niggers—a demand so large that thecash price of all healthy slaves in Virginia, andthroughout the South, will most likely rise fromthe average of a thousand to three, four or fivethousand dollars a head. And our Virginia contemporaryundertakes to show, that in this extensionof the area of slavery, and in this correspondingincrease of the cash value of niggers, the Northwill share in the profits of the South; and thataccordingly, in an economical and financial view,the practical dollar-and-cent people of the Northshould unite with the slaveholders of the South toelect Mr. Buchanan, just as they would unite inany other profitable joint stock speculation. Enquirer With this sort of Virginia pleading in behalf ofMr. Buchanan, it may appear very strange thatsuch fanatical nigger-worshippers as WilliamLloyd Garrison and Wendell Phillips should repelFremont as unfit for the crisis, and incline rather tothe support of Buchanan. Yet they do. Garrisonsays that Fremont and the Republican party areunsatisfactory to the abolitionists, pure and simple—because nothing is promised, and nothing canbe expected from the election of Fremont towardsthe repeal of the Fugitive Slave Law, or the abolitionof slavery in the District of Columbia, or thesuppression of the inter-State slave trade. Infact, Garrison thinks that Fremont, as President,would be very apt to consent to the admission ofKansas as a slave State, if he could not prevent itwithout dissolving the Union. The great objectionof Wendell Phillips to Fremont is the same.He is not a disunoinst, and is therefore rejectedby the disunion abolitionists, with whom theUnion is a 'covenant with death. 'and the Constitutiona 'league with hell.' Phillips, in view ofthe great ultimatum of revolution and disunion.thinks the election of Buchanan would he moreadvantageous to the revolutionary cause, inasmuchas with his Ostend manifestoes, Cincinnati platformsand nigger-driving managers, be would bevery apt to precipitate the decisive issue of a sectional and servile war. Read the speeches ofGarrison and Phillips. Thus, in the strange, startling and wonderfulparty disruptions and complications of this excitingand momentous canvas, we find Mr. Buchananstanding before us the preferred candidate ofSouthern nigger-drivers and secessionists, and ofNorthern abolition disunionists. Gov. Wise andhis Richmond organ think that the expected increasein the cash value of niggers from the electionof Mr. Buchanan will pay for every thing;but the true and undisguised disunion agitation,North or South, sees, no doubt, like Wendell Philips,that Buchanan's success will be but the signalfor that final agitation which will destroy therepublic, and light the flames of civil and servile,war. In this connection, we must not overlook the position in this campaign of W.H. Seward andThurlow Weed. Gen. Webb, at Philadelphia,stood almost solitary and alone' in support ofSeward as the Republican candidate. ThurlowWeed has said that Fremont's nomination wascarried in that Convention, by an ungovernablemob.' But it was simply the general voice of themasses, opposed to this corrupt and demoralizedPierce democracy, and asking something betterthan Seward could give—it was the independentpeople and the independent press that carried Tremontso triumphantly over all his contracted nigger-worshipping and Know-Nothing competitors.Seward and his disorganizing clique and anti-slaverydisunion programme were thrown out at Philadelphia,and Fremont was nominated upon thegeneral issue of Kansas as a free State, and a conservative, domestic and foreign policy, againstBuchanan and his platform of Kansas as a slaveState, and Cuba by fair means or by foul. Sewarddoes not occupy the platform of the Republicancandidate; (for our disappointed Senator hasopenly proclaimed in the Senate, that the day ofcompromises is past, and the Charleston Mercury.the leading organ of the secession democracy,makes the same declaration. In fact, W.H. Seward,the secession democracy, and the Massachusettsabolitionists must all be classed together. Fremontwas not the choice of Seward, and his nominationwas the defeat of Seward. Fremont is notacceptable to Garrison and Phillips, for they aredriving at disunion: and he is equally obnoxiousto the Southern fire-esters, for they are driving atsecession. Mercury. In this view, we can hardly resist the conclusion,that the election of Fremont would be a fataldefeat to the principles of Seward, to Southern secessionistsand Massachusetts abolitionists, and agreat victory of the people in behalf of the Unionand a new administration. 
