 Extract from a speech delivered by Daniel O'Connellat a meeting of the Loyal National Repeal Association,in Conciliation Hall, Dublin, Sept. 29th, 1845: I have been assailed for attacking the Americaninstitution, as it is called, negro slavery. I am notashamed of that attack—I do not shrink from it. Iam the advocate of civil and religious liberty allover the globe, and wherever tyranny exists, I am thefoe of the tyrant; wherever oppression shows itself,I am the foe of the oppressor; wherever slaveryrears its head, I am the enemy of the system, or theinstitution, call it by what name you will. (Greatcheering.) I am the friend of liberty in every clime,class, and color:—my sympathy with distress is notconfined within the narrow bounds of my own greenisland—no, it extends itself to every corner of theearth—my heart walks abroad, and wherever themiserable is to be succored, and the slave to be setfree, there my spirit is at home, and I delight todwell in its abode. (Enthusiastic cheering.) It hasbeen asked, What business has O'Connell to interferewith American slavery? Why, do not theAmericans show us their sympathy for our struggles?and why should we not show a sympathy in effortsfor liberty among themselves? (Cheers.) But Iconfess I have another strong reason for desiring toabolish slavery in America, In no monarchy on theface of the earth is there such a thing as domesticslavery. It is true, in some colonies belonging tomonarchies, slavery exists; but in no Europeancountry is there slavery at all—for the Russian serfis far different from the slave of America, and thereforeI do not wish that any lover of liberty shouldbe able to draw a contrast between the democraticrepublic of America and the despotic States of Europe.(Hear, hear.) I am in favor of the democraticspirit, and I wish to relieve it from the horrors ofslavery. (Cheers.) I do not wish to visit Americawith force and violence—I would be the last man inthe world to consent to it. I would not be for makingwar to free the negro—at least, not for the warof knife, and lash, and sword; but I would be forthe moral warfare—I would be for the arms of argumentand humanity to procure the extinction of tyranny,and to hurl contempt and indignation onthose who call themselves freemen, and yet keepothers in slavery. I would bring elements of thatkind to bear upon the system, until the very nameof slavery should be regarded with horror in therepublic of America. (Cheers.)   In the year '25, when I left my profession andwent over to England, there was an anti-slaverymeeting, at which I was present and spoke; andafterwards, when I went to Parliament, anothermeeting was appointed, greater in magnitude. TheWest India interest was 27 strong in the House ofCommons—the Algerine bill was carried throughthe House by a majority of 19—therefore the emancipationbill was in the power of the West India interest.But when they sent a respected friend ofmine—the Knight of Kerry—to me, to ask why Idid not take a certain course with regard to it, whatwas my answer? "I represent the Irish peoplehere, and I will act as the Irish people will sanction.Come liberty, come slavery to myself, I will nevercountenance slavery, at home or abroad!" (Cheers.)I said I came here on principle; the Irish peoplesent me here to carry out their principles; theirprinciples are abhorrent of slavery; and, therefore,I will take my part at that anti-slavery meeting;and though it should be a blow against Ireland, it isa blow in favor of human liberty, and I will strikethat blow. (Cheers.) So far was I from cultivatingthe slavery interest, that I adopted that course,though I regretted to lose their votes. But I mustdo them the credit to say, that I did not lose them.They acted nobly, and said they would act revengeupon Ireland my attack upon them. (Cheers.)Let them blame me—in America let me be execratedby them—let their support be taken from Ireland—Slavery, I denounce you wherever you are!(Loud cheers.) Come freedom, come oppression toIreland—let Ireland be as she may—I will havemy conscience clear before my God. (Cheers.)  They were told that the speech he made in thatroom would put an end to the remittances fromAmerica, and that the Americans would not againcontribute to the funds of the Association. If theyshould never get one shilling from America, hiscourse was plain, his path was obvious. He was attachedto liberty; he was the uncompromising haterof slavery wherever it was found. (Cheers.) Extract from a speech of O'Connell, at a specialmeeting of the Loyal National Repeal Association,held in the Corn Exchange, Dublin, May 9, 1843:— They say that the slaves are worse treated sincethe cry of the abolitionists has been raised in theirfavor, as it has made their masters more suspicious ofthem, and more severe against them; but has thatany weight with me? How often was I told, duringour agitation, that "the Catholics would beemancipated but for the violence of that O'Connell!"(Laughter.) Why, one of the cleverestmen in the country wrote a pamphlet in 1827, inwhich he stated that the Protestants of Ireland wouldhave emancipated their Catholic countrymen longbefore, but for me, and fellows of my kind; and yet,two years after, I got emancipation in spite of them.(Cheers.) But it is clearly an insult to the understandingto speak so. When did tyranny relax itsgripe merely because it ought to do so? (Hear.)As long as there was no agitation, the masters enjoyedthe persecution of their slaves in quietness;but the moment the agitation commenced, theycried out, "Oh, it is not the slave we are flogging,but we are flogging through his back the anti-slaverymen." (Laughter.) But the subject i seriousfor ridicule. I am afraid they will never give upslavery until some horrible calamity befalls theircountry; and I here warn them against the event,for it is utterly impossible that slavery can continuemuch longer. (Hear, hear.) But, good Heaven!can Irishmen be found to justify, or rather to palliate,(for no one could dare attempt to justify,) asystem which shuts out the book of human knowledge,and seeks to reduce to the condition of a slave2,500,000 human beings;—which closes againstthem not only the light of human science, but therays of divine revelation, and the doctrines whichthe Son of God came upon the earth to plant! Themen who will do so belongs not to my kind. (Hear,hear.) Over the broad Atlantis I pour forth myvoice, saying, "Come out of such a lead, you Irishman;or, if you remain, and dare countenance thesystem of slavery that is supported there, we willrecognize you as Irishmen no longer." (Hear, hear,and cheers.)   I say the man is not a Christian—he cannot believein the binding law of the Decalogue, He maygo to the chapel on the church, and he may turn upthe whites of his eyes, but he cannot kneel as aChristian before his Creator, or he would not dareto palliate such an infamous system. No, America!the black spot of slavery rests upon your star-spangledbanner; and no matter what glory you mayacquire beneath it, the hideous, damning stain ofslavery rests upon you, and a just Providence willsooner or later avenge itself for your crime, (Loudand continued cheers.) Sir, I have spoken the sentimentsof the Repeal Association. (Renewedcheers.) There is not a man amongst the hundredsof thousands that belong to our body, or amongstthe millions that will belong to it, who does not concurin what I have stated. We may not get moneyfrom America after this declaration; but even if weshould not, we do not want blood-stained money.(Hear, hear.) If they make it the condition of oursympathy, or if there be implied any submission tothe doctrine of slavery on our part, in receiving theirremittance, let them cease sending it at once. Butthere are wise and good men everywhere, and thereare wise and good men in America,—and that documentwhich you have read, Sir, is a proof, amongothers, that there are; and I would wish to cultivatethe friendship of such men; but the criminals andthe abettors,—those who commit and those whocountenance the crime of slavery,—I regard as theenemies of Ireland, and I desire to have no sympathyor support from them. (Cheers.) Extract from a speech of O'Connell, delivered at anAnti-Slavery meeting in London, in 1829:— Of all men living, an American citizen, who is theowner of slaves, is the most despicable; he is a politicalhypocrite of the very worst description. Thefriends of humanity and liberty, in Europe, shouldjoin in one universal cry of shame on the Americanslaveholders! "Base wretches," should we shoutin chorus—"base wretches, how dare you profanethe temple of national freedom, the sacred fane ofrepublican rites, with the presence and the sufferingsof human beings in chains and slavery?"I say unto you, slaveholders of America, and thepress will convey it to you almost as swift as thewind, that God understands you; that you are hypocrites,tyrants, and unjust men; that you are degradedand dishonored; and I say unto you, darenot to stand up beasting of your freedom or yourprivileges, while you continue to treat men, redeemedby the same blood, as the mere creatures of your will;for while you do so, there is a blot on your escutcheonwhich all the waters of the Atlantic cannot wash out.  Extract from a speech of O'Connell, at a meetingof the British Anti-Slavery Society in 1881:— My claim to be heard on this occasion is includedin one sentence—I am an Abolitionist. (Cheering.)I am for speedy, immediate abolition. (Renewedcheers.) I care not what caste, creed, or color,slavery may assume. Whether it be personal or political,mental or corporeal, intellectual or spiritual,I am for its total, its instant abolition. (Great applause.)I enter into no compromise with slavery.I am for justice, in the name of humanity, and accordingto the law of the living God. The time has now come when every man whohas honest feelings should declare himself the advocateof abolition. He who consents to tolerate crimeis a criminal; and never will I loss the slightest opportunity,whether here or in the legislature, or anywhere else, to raise my voice for liberty,—for theextinction of slavery. (Great applause.) Humanity,justice and religion combine to call upon us toabolish this foul blot. But it is not England orBritain alone that is stained with this crime. Thedemocratic Republic of America shares in the guilt.Oh! the inconsistency of these apostles of libertytalking of freedom, while they basely and wickedlycontinue the slavery of their fellow-men, the negroesof Africa! A republican is naturally proud andhigh-minded, and we may make the pride of theNorth American republicans the very weapon bywhich to break down slavery; for, if the exampleof England were gone, they could not, in the faceof the world, continue the odious and atrocious systemone moment longer. (Cheers.) Extract from a speech of O'Connell, at the World'sAnti-Slavery Convention, in London, June, 1840:— I will now turn to a subject of congratulation; Imean the Anti-Slavery Societies of America—thosenoble-hearted men and women, who, through difficultiesand dangers, have proved how hearty theyare in the cause of abolition. I hail them all as myfriends, and wish them to regard me as a brother.I wish for no higher station in the world; but I docovet the honor of being a brother with these AmericanAbolitionists. In this country, the Abolitionistsare in perfect safety; here we have fame and honor;we are lauded and encouraged by the good; we aresmiled upon and cheered by the fair; we are boundtogether by godlike truth and charity; and thoughwe have our differences as to points of faith, wehave no differences as to this point, and we proceedin our useful career esteemed and honored. But itis not so with our anti-slavery friends in America:there they are vilified, there they are insulted.Why, did not very lately a body of men—of gentlemen,so called—of persons who would be angry ifyou denied them that cognomen, and would even beready to call you out to share a rifle and a ball—didnot such "gentlemen" break in upon an Anti-SlaverySociety in America; aye, upon a ladies' Anti-SlaverySociety, and assault them in a most cowardlymanner? And did they not denounce the membersof that Society? And where did this happen?Why, in Boston—in enlightened Boston, the capitalof a non-slaveholding State. In this country, theAbolitionists have nothing to complain of; but inAmerica, they are met with the bowie-knife andlynch law! Yes! in America, you have had martyrs;your cause has been stained with blood; thevoice of your brethren's blood crieth from the ground,and riseth high, not, I trust, for vengeance, but formercy, upon those who have thus treated them.But you ought not to be discouraged, or relax inyour efforts. Here you have honor. A humanbeing cannot be placed in a more glorious positionthan to take up such a cause under such circumstances.I am delighted to be one of a Conventionin which are so many of such great and good men.I trust that their reception will be such as that theirseal say he greatly strengthened to continue theirnoble struggle. I have reason to hope that, in thisassembly, a voice will be raised which will roll backin thunder to America, which will mingle with hermighty waves, and which will cause one universalshout of libery to be heard throughout the world.Oh, there is not a delegate from the Anti-SlaverySocieties of America but ought to have his name,aye, her name, written in characters of immortality!The Anti-Slavery Societies in America are deeplypersecuted, and are deserving of every encouragementwhich we can possibly give them. I wouldthat I had the eloquence to depict their characteraright; but my tongue falters, and my powers fail,while I attempt to describe them. They are thetrue friends of humanity, and would that I had atongue to describe aright the mighty majesty oftheir undertaking. 
