 Not long ago, a Democrat cat in the President'schair. In early life he had been a Federalist, anddeclared that if he had one drop of Democraticblood in him, he would open a vein with his pen-knife,and let it out. But being a place hunter,and seeing the Democratic party gaining power, hejoined, and got what he sought—office. BeingPresident, he had reached the highest round in theladder of his selfish ambition; being an ingrainedtraitor, he naturally attracted to himself those ofsimilar propensities. Bold, bad man occupied aplace in his cabinet. The national capital was thedon of Democratic thieves and plunderers. Whilehonest men slept in security, or were busy with theindustrial pursuits of peaceful life, unprincipledpoliticians plotted for the overthrow of the government.The President looked on, and smiled approvingly.Before him, Aren Burr, a DemocraticVice President, attempted to destroy the government,contrary to law. Before him, John C. Calhoun,another Democratic Voce-President, attemptedto overthrow the government, contrary to law.This time, the traitors were to have the aid of aDemocratic President himself. So Floyd stole, andthe balance bid. When all was ready, all theDemocratic members of the Senate and House ofRepresentatives left their places to go South, andinaugurate the rebellion, contrary to law, contraryto the Constitution, contrary to their solemn oaths.John C. Brockinridge, another Democratic Vice-President,greatly aided the traitors in their bollichwork. He presided in the Senate—he took theoath as a Senator at the very time he was secretlymeeting with his co-traitors, under the cover of midnightdarkness, to plot for the overthrow of theConstitution that he had sworn before God to protectand defend.  Every seceded State was Democratic at the time—presided over by Democratic Governors, and carriedout by Democratic Governors, and carriedout by Democratic politicians. The instigatorsand the leaders of this rebellion have all beenprominent men in the Democratic party. Jeff. Davis,Lee, Stonewall Jackson, Brockinridge, Wise,Beauregard, Letcher, Hill, Longstreet, Rhett,Tombs, Benjamin, Mason, Slidell, Bragg, Twiggs,Price, Van Dorn, Keitt, Buckner, Hunter, Hindman,Marshall—all Democrats, and hold high positionsin the party. Democrats fired upon the Starof the West, and Democrats beleaguered FortSumter! Who is it that leads the rebel army,gives tone to public sentiment, and "fires the southernheart," in the revolted States? Who is it, today,in the North, that is shooting enrolling officers,resisting the conscription law, mobbing draftingofficers, sympathizing with the rebels, excusingtheir crimes, palliating their sins, and forgiving theirtreason? Who are they? The question concerns every man and every patriot.Shall the men who have been guilty of allthis ruin, misery, grief, and suffering, be again restoredto power? Shall the hands that have beenimpotent for any good, be again entrusted with thereigns of government? Shall the same men whohave well sigh ruined the Republic, be deputied torestore harmony and reconstruct the fabric whichthey themselves have destroyed? Not yet. 
