 Honor forever to the memory of Daniel O'ConnellIn talents, in love of country, and in virtue,he was the most distinguished Irishman of his day.His services, his greatness, can never be forgotten.What would Ireland be now only for him? LetCatholic emancipation, and all its splendid, importantconsequences, answer the question. His nameis a synonym for great oratory, for intrepid unflinchingsuccessful patriotism, for the most eminentheroic spirit, and for private worth never surpassedin excellence. When he died, Ireland's star fell tothe ground, and has not yet reascended. All the abolition papers are now making all thefuss their fanaticism can urge, in regard to an anti-slaveryletter which the Liberator wrote to anIrish Democratic Commitee, in Cincinnati, in 1843.Form '43 to 63', the letter was kept in abeyance bythe Chairman of the Committee. Its publication isamong to the fact that its bolder has become a rabidAbolitionist. In a moment of phrenzy, under thedisease of "nigger on the brain," this gentlemansave it to the Abolition editor of the Catholic Telegraph.Thus it has seen the light. Catholic Telegraph. This letter has all the characteristics of its author:force of reasoning, eloquence, abuse in all theshapes of irony, open invective, and direct accusation.—high Catholic spirit, and exalted, irrepression,uncompromising love for human freedom. It isa great, a formidable, an overwhelming revolutionaryletter. It exceeds in power anything ever writerin this country against slavery. The abolitioncompositions of Greeley, of Sumner, of Chase, ofPhillips, of the Beechers, and of all others in theland afflicted with "nigger on the brain," sink beforeit an every eminent consideration. It may be pronouncedthe best contribution yet made to anti-slaveryliterature. But there are reverses to every picture—there isone great deficiency in this celebrated epistle. Itdisregards the Constitution of the United States. Itarges the whole North, and especially all Irishmenin America, to emancipate the negro, despite thefundamental law of the nation. Nothing can bemore reprehensible than this. It is radicalism ofthe worst—of the most revolutionary description. Itdisregards the Constitution of the United States. despite thefundamental law of the nation. radicalism O'Connell put a lasting blot on his character as agreat constitutional lawyer by enforcing it. Thehistory of our Constitution tells that it could nothave been formed without the acknowledgement ofslavery, and, ipso facto, it does acknowledge it.The North made this Constitution freely with theSouth. Such being the case, what right has theNorth to break, of itself, the Constitution? Noright whatever. When two merchants make a partnership,has either of them, alone the right to violatethe terms of the partnership? Plainly he has not.It such a right existed, partnership would be anaburdity. ipso facto The North made this Constitution freely with theSouth. It is an essentiality in contracts that neither partycan violate them at his whim. Contracts imply goodfaith on all sides. No contract is an exception tothis rule: and the Constitution of a country being thehighest contract possible to be made, is supereminentlyabove all exception to it. Contracts may be altered,but its both parties acting in their freedom. There isno other legitimate way to change them but this:any other course would be injustice, that should berightly resisted to the last. In the case of the Constitutionof a country, any other course would be revolution,which it is lawful to meet with equal violence.Slavery is a bad thing. But that is not thepoints our Constitution, which was an absolute necessitycould not have been formed without admitting it"ipso facto;" it is in the Constitution; and to changethe Constitution, both parties to it—that is, the Northand the South—must be in united, free operation.O'Connell passed over this fundamental principle.His enthusiasm for freedom blinded his understandingand he taught one of the most unfortunate errorsever broached. Contracts imply goodfaith on all sides. and the Constitution of a country being thehighest contract possible to be made, is supereminentlyabove all exception to it. both parties acting in their freedom. In the case of the Constitutionof a country, any other course would be revolution our Constitution, which was an absolute necessitycould not have been formed without admitting it"ipso facto;" it is in the Constitution; and to changethe Constitution, both parties to it—that is, the Northand the South—must be in united, free operation. Let our people keep their reason. If O'Connellwere alive now, he would bitterly lament the communicationof his letter. His regrets for negro bondagewould then give way to deep sorrow for the uselessslaughter of hundreds of thousands of men—for therapture of the grandest Republic ever formed. Werejoice that his letter did not appear a long timeago, for in that case he would be more guilty thanhe is as one of the authors of the awful and terriblewas that for two years has been ravaging andreading his magnificent country—the prosperoussome of such multitudes of Irishmen—and which,for years to come, will be desecrating, destroying,subverting, ruining. for therapture of the grandest Republic ever formed. Let our people keep their reason. Abolitionism,whether taught by the illustrious Daniel O'Connell,why the fanatic Horace Greeley, is revolutionary.Is not this war—this dire, this pestilential, thisHeaven-provoking war—the result, in the main, ofAbolitionism? revolutionary. Let our people keep their reason. They arecitizens of this country, according to the UNIONand the CONSTITUTION. To both their fidelitymust be ever true. Is not infidelity to both thecause of the war? They cannot but perceive this.It is fidelity to both, and nothing but fidelity toboth, that will restore us to our once peaceful andglorious position. O'Connell did not understandour Constitution. His speeches on Americanslavery in Conciliation Hall were, as far as Americawas concerned, lawless, revolutionary harangues.Against the American Union and Constitution, hewould never have opened his mouth. The plainestIrishman here understood his duties to his newcountry much better than O'Connell could havetold him. It is an honorable—a most honorableamong for our people in the United States, that theyare ever been Democratic in their political views—that is, not negrophilists, but true citizens to theUnion and the CONSTITUTION—which, alas! arenow not very triumphant! Let no Irishman be ledaway by the authority of the great ornament of hisnation, in this matter. He was never in the North;he was never in the South; he had no comprehensionof our political character; with the fanaticismor abolitionism he was unacquainted; and aboutthe history and the law of our Union and Constitution,he knew nothing. His revolutionary abolitionlatter proves all this. Let all this be remembered;and let the sentiment and the action of usall for our UNION and CONSTITUTION, aboveall men—whether O'Connells and Greeleys—that everlived.—Boston (Irish) Pilot. NION ONSTITUTION. ONSTITUTION NION ONSTITUTION Boston (Irish) Pilot. 
