 The First and Second Colored Companies ofHeavy Artillery made a struct parade this afternoon. So much interest has been manifested in themovement which has resulted in the formation ofthese fine companies, that a somewhat extended noticeof them may not be devoid of interest. It isprobably well understood that the failure to raisethe Sixth Regiment of colored men, the order forwhich who issued about a year ago, was owing solelyto the want of coöperation by the War Departmentin Washington. The conservatives wereshocked and the army was indignant at this attemptto let this be anything but "a white man's war."The past year, which has been so fruitful of greatevents, has given us greater wisdom, and disabusedus of our prejudices against colored men as soldiers.They have had an opportunity to display their manhood,and they have stood the test of heroes. Weare beginning to recognize the black man, and nowour white armies welcome the brave black regiments. Massachusetts has put forth her 54th regiment, andfollowed it by the 55th, both colored, and both countingtowards her quota of troops called for by thePresident. Rhode Island now follows Massachusetts,which she ought to have led. The result is, wehave lost from our State many men who have goneto swell the quota of another. The naval recruitstaken from the State within the year have also considerablydiminished our colored population. It was under these circumstances that GovernorSmith ventured to urge for authority to raise a singlebattery from the limited colored population here,the order for which was issued on the 29th of lastmonth, and its management entrusted to a well-knownanti-slavery man and a friend of the coloredrace. The success has more than equalled the mostsanguine expectations of the enthusiastic, and silencedall the croakings of the unbelievers, and to-day,in less than a month since the order was issued,the first company of nearly one hundred and fiftyman has bean mustered into the U.S. service; thesecond is equally full, and a large nucleus for athird is already in camp. As the first company is to go on immediate dutyto Dutch Island, a street parade of both companieswas decided upon, although from want of drill itwould be made at the greatest possible disadvantage.It was only yesterday that the second companyreceived their muskets, so that the utmost allowanceshould be made for inevitable imperfectionsin discipline and drill. The column was under command of that popularand efficient officer, Major Viall, formerly the commanderof the Second Regiment, R.I.V. Thefirst company was under command of Capt. ThomasFry, formerly a Lieutenant in the Third RegimentHeavy Artillery, and the second under command ofthis staunch anti-slavery man and veteran soldier,Capt. Henry Simon. The appearance of three hundred muskets in ourstreets, in the hands of as many sturdy, stalwartblack man, was a novel sight in Providence, andwe are sure it was looked upon with unusual interest.In the ranks were men well worthy of a betternotice than we shall be able to give them. Look,for instance, at the two Freeman boys at the right ofthe line in the first company. Peter, the file leader,is a splendidly formed man, huge, muscular andpowerfully built. Charles Freeman is his equal inall that goes to make up the physical man. Thoughthey are of the same name, and fashioned after thesame colossal mould, they are in no other way relatives.Peter is from the border and from slavery.Charles is of Rhode Island stock, and hails fromBristol. Jeremiah Noka, who is not much inferior,and stands near the right, is also a noteworthy specimenof a Rhode Islander. He is one of the twopurest which a modern intermingling of the Africanblood has left to us of the once all-powerful tribe ofNarragansetts. His fine shape, his decided Indiancast of feature, his general and winning smile, hisgenerous expression, inevitably recall the memoryof tho lost Narragansetts. Sergeants Jeakens andHewland, of this city, are well known and capablemen, and well-drilled soldiers. Corporal George Black is a fine, manly fellow,well worthy of his place. He was drafted, but wastoo anxious to go to make an effort which everywhite man does to get exempt. By a little friendlyaid, however, he procured it on the ground of a dependentwidowed another, and at once volunteered,and so became entitled to the State bounty. Somany of our Providence colored men are so welldrilled that there is as large a surplus of competentmen for non-commissioned officers as there are ofapplicants for the commissioned ones. SergeantCharles A. Jackson of the second company was thefirst man to enlist in the first company. He worked so long and so industriously to fill theranks of the first, that he lost his chance for preformentin it, and was transferred to the second, wherehe because Orderly Sergeant. There are manyother excellent men in both of these companies,some fine scholars, many excellent penmen, a vastproportion of superior moral worth, and they arenearly all trusty and faithful men. Though furloughs have been and are freely given,none have violated their promises. They are notquite satisfied with the prospect of a Dutch Islandcampaign, and are ready for rougher work; for theyfeel that they have, as one of them expressed himselfupon enlistment, "a debt to pay." A considerablefamiliarity with these hitherto neglected anddespised man has tended to increase the writer's respectand confidence in them, and he gives thiswilling tribute of praise, confident that all otherswho know them as well will accord them as less—Providence Journal. a debt to pay.  Providence Journal. 
