 The twenty-ninth annual meeting of the MassachusettsAnti-Slavery Society was held in Boston, onThursday and Friday of last week, commencing at10 o'clock on Thursday, at Allston Hall, corner ofTremont and Bromfield streets, with the exceptionof the closing one on Friday evening, which was heldat Music Hall. A large number of the old and triedfriends of the cause were in attendance, from variousparts of the State, and the proceedings were characterizedby the same earnestness and faith in the ultimatetriumph of the right, which have made themeetings of the Society memorable frem its organizationto the present hour. EDMUND QUINCY, Esq., one of the Vice Presidents,presided on Thursday, and, after calling themeeting to order, stated that prayer would be offeredby Rev. Geo. W. Stacy, of Milford. After the conclusionof the prayer—which was appropriate to theoccasion, and to the condition of the country—EDMUNDJACKSON, Esq., Treasurer, read his report, as follows:— DMUND UINCY DMUND ACKSON Of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society from January 1,1861, to January 1, 1862. Of the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society from January 1,1861, to January Table  Table  During the same period, as follows: During the same period, as follows: Table  Table  EDMUND JACKSON, Treas'r. Treas'r. January 10, 1862. I have examined the accounts ofEdmund Jackson, Treasurer, for the year 1861, and findthe same to be correct, and properly vouched; and theforegoing abstract of the same is correct. WM. I. BOWDITCH, Auditor. Auditor. Three Assistant Secretaries were then appointed—C.K. WHIPPLE, J.M.W. YERRINTON, WENDELLP. GARRISON. HIPPLE ERRINTON ENDELL ARRISON. On motion of Mr. Garrison, a Business Committeewas appointed, as follows:—W.L. Garrison, WendellPhillips, Maria W. Chapman, C.L. Remond, LydiaMaria Child, Henry C. Wright, Giles B. Stebbins. On motion of Mr. May, the following Committeeswere appointed:— On Nomination of Officers—Samuel May, Jr., of Leicester;Jas. N. Buffum, of Lynn; Wm. Ashby, ofNewburyport; J.B. Swasey, of Roxbury; BriggsArnold, of Abington; Henry Abbot, of Amherst;Samuel Barrett, of Concord; George Miles, of Westminster;Alvan Howes, of Barnstable. On Nomination of Officers Finance committee—E.D. Draper, E.H. Heywood,Maria S. Page, Mary Willey, Thos. M. Hathaway,Elbridge Sprague, Georgina Otis. Finance committee The President then introduced Rev. WM. R. ALGER,of Boston, who was received with applause. M. LGER I congratulate you, Mr. President, on the goodlyauspices which are over you at this time of yourmeeting—friendly and hopeful May breathing in yourranks, although frosty January hangs in the air. Since you last met together, all abroad, giganticsteps have been taken towards the consummation youhave so long devoutly wished. Then, JOHN BROWN(applause)—I believe, Mr. President, it is the customfor all the speakers on your platform, outside of yourown circle, to apologies for making any allusion tothat departed hero, and say they don't appears ofhis course; we will omit that, on the present cession(applause)—then, I say, JOHN BROWN had juststepped serenely from North Elba to Harper's Ferry,and from Harper's Ferry to the stars. Now, his soul,multiplied by half a million, and transfused throughas many gallant hearts, is marching on. His soul,filling the heavens with flame and the earth withthunder, is marching on to that victory which his rightarm and rifle could not achieve. (Applause.) Theomens of the hour are good. Even if this revolutionary spasm should terminate by restoring thingssimply as they were before, ostensibly, still, an unspeakable gain will have been made in reality; forthe dominance of the South in our politics is hopelesslybroken forever. (Loud applause.) And, furthermore,the exclusive monopoly of the productionand supply of cotton is hopelessly broken forever.(Renewed applause.) And, in consequence of that,still more and further, the price of slaves has beenfatally lowered, and thus the backbone, the vital motive,so slavery propagandism taken out; so that, evenshould worst come to worst, a colossal, unimaginableadvance and gain have been made. But I, for one,do not believe that three things will eventuate andclose in a simple restoration of the status quo. Furfrom it. Our Southern brethren—"our misguidedbrethren of the South "—saw what is called by sailorsa cyclone; that is, one of those gales in southern seaswhich have a rotary motion, and, at the same time, avery rapid forward motion on their axis. They sawthis storm whirling round in the direction in whichtheir ship Confederacy was sailing, towards the gloomyport of slavery. They cut into the outer circle ofthe storm, thinking to be hastened on their way—forgettingthat it was moving with irresistible and tremendousactivity on the line of its axis towards thesmiling haven of Liberty. (Applause.) I expect, Mr.President, one of these bright mornings, to see, bysome Providential interposition or other, the bloodycurtain of this tragedy which is going on in our countrytorn aside, and the lights of Justice and Freedomstreaming across the stage on the ruins of thesole cause of our troubles, on the sprouting germs ofunited interests, and on a people, hand in hand, marchingto the goal of a harmonious and enduring prosperity.(Applause.) This cheerful faith I, for one,cherish, and mean to, until disastrous facts and necessitiesshall destroy it,—which I think they never will. OHN ROWN OHN ROWN Applause. status quo. It is true, events move too slowly for our impatienthopes. Old Augustine said—"God is patient, becausehe is eternal." We, being finite, and so quicklypassing off the stage, are naturally impatient. Andsometimes, when we see how slowly events appear tobe moving towards the end we covet, we cannot butsigh and complain, and wish the end were clearer andnearer. The old Greeks were accustomed to commemoratethe battle of Plateau, on each occurrence ofits anniversary, by crowning the bowl of Libertyamidst the very scenes of its occurrence. They wentout with paeans and garlands, beneath the brilliantGrasian sky, and, amidst the tombs, weaving wreaths,and hanging them on the sepulchres, they filled thebowl with wine, and poured it out upon the sod, conjuringback again the shades of the immortal heroesof the asphodel Elysium, to join with them in theirrite of Liberty. We, too, have our famous battle-fields,our storied tombs, our illustrious names, ourblue sky, our mountains and our sea; when, whenshall we, too, crown our bowl of Liberty! (Applause.) when our Mr. President, the subject upon which I propose tosubmit a few thoughts to you and to this audience, onthis occasion, is this: What to do for the public good,and how to do it. As constituent members of thecountry, it belongs to us to do whatever properly liesin our power for the good of the country. Now, inthis direction, what can a single citizen do, and howshall he do it? First of all, he is bound to exemplify, in himself,the principles and virtues which he wishes to see becomeuniversal and supreme in the institutions andusages of the country. This is a direct way to theaccomplishment of his end; for the collective countryis made up of individual citizens. Its character, conduct,experience and destiny are composed of anddetermined by them. To fulfil this duty is also thedirect way for him to acquire public respect and influence,private integrity and peace. But to fail of doingthis is to incur serious censure and odium—to becomehimself a sour, querulous and pernicious disorganizer.Now, I believe that it will usually be foundtrue of Reformers, that they observe this primal andcardinal obligation. They do incarnate in themselvesand observe in their conduct, in an unusual degree,the principles and sentiments and rules which theyhold up for the observance of others. It is one ofthe great, current, fashionable fallacies of the world tocharge them with the opposite; because every onewhose interests are assailed, whose ease is disturbed,whose complacency is rebuked by their assaults, bytheir requirements, by the ideal which they set up insuperiority to his real,—every such one, naturally followingthe mean impulses of our nature, strives toavoid the point and edge presented to him by someevasion or other; and the most obvious is, to retort andsay—" You are guilty of as great crime in this particularas I am in that"; and in that way undertaketo evade the obligation. So that the fashionable criticismof Reformers as "malignant philanthropists,"and all that style of invective which is so current andcommon, is really, as a general law, in my opinion,unfounded and false. So obvious and almost inevitableis the result of rebuke and odium which will comeupon the Reformer, if he does not exemplify in himselfwhat he preaches to others, that he will naturallybe very careful to exemplify it. Perhaps some of youhave read the modern fable—as good as anything inÆeop, I think, although it is now—The Sparrow andthe Eagle. One day the sparrow went to the eagle,and said to him, "May it please your royalty, I noticethat you fly away with kids and lambs, that never didany harm to anybody. There is no creature in theworld so malignant as the cat. She prowls round ournests, eats up our young, and bites off our own heads.She feeds so daintily, she must be good eating herself.She is lighter to carry than a kid, and than you wouldget a famous grip in her loses fur! Why don't youfeed on cat!" "O," replied the eagle, "I had theworm here this morning, who asked me, 'Why don'tyou feed on sparrow!' Is that a piece of worm's skinI see on your beak, child!" The sparrow cleanedher beak on, her feathers, and said, "I should like tosee the worm that asked you that question." "Standforth, worm," said the eagle; when the worm appeared,the sparrow snapped him up, and then went onwith his argument against cats. Laughter and applause.)The application of the fable is obvious. Ido not believe that the changes which are so frequentlymade against Reformers have any foundation, in one case in ten thousand. However, it is wellenough for us all to bear in mind, that while we areholding up a high standard of duty for others and forthis State, we are to be careful to see to it that wecome up to it ourselves. Then the next thing which the individual may dofor the public good is with a quick and generous eyeto recognize every form and particle of good alreadyexisting in others or in the State, and strive, in themost cordial and most hearty manner, to nourish andextend that—to increase and diffuse that, so that, fromthe present beginnings of good, there may be spreadabroad, to final consummation, universal good. Tolabor consciously and earnestly in that direction is acontribution to the public good which every individualmay make—an offering to lay on the altar of thegreat human weal which will be incense in the nostrilsof the Almighty, and upon which no man canfling odium. Now, what are these beginnings of good which we areto recognize, and, by recognition, by praise and honor,strive to increase! Well, the consummation of all humangood is the full, free and happy exercise and fruitionof all the faculties of human nature; and whatever contributestowards that is in its degree good, and to be recognizedand prized. Knowledge is good, freedom isgood, enterprise, energy, industry, resolution, aregood; but, above all, truth and virtue are good. Butin order to know what the truth is, and to feel thesanctions of virtue, there must be a free stage fortheir exhibition—there must be unhampered freedomof speech and discussion—unlimited criticism, pro andcon, in order that all fallacies may be refuted, and alltruths be enforced and established. Every individual,according to his lights, his gifts, his opportunities,should contribute his part to this great process of purificationand enlightenment, helping, according to whatin him lies, to establish correct ideas on all pointswhich concern the welfare of the country. The oppositionto this course, which is so common in everydirection wherever we look, is as absurd as it is astonishingand disastrous. pro con There is but one other particular specification that Idesire to make under this general head,—a matter veryobvious, and yet most sadly unappreciated and violated,—and that is, the duty of selecting for our publicoffices none but sound, trusty, and competent men.If we could see in one view the amount of evil whichhas come to the character of our people and to thewelfare of our country, from the predominance in ouroffices of political advancement and power of unprincipledmen, there is not a man on the continent whowould not shudder with surprise and horror. And, onthe other hand, if we could see what an amount ofgood would be consummated at once if no man wasever put into any office in the gift of the Americanpeople, who was not a wise, honorable, and devotedman, determined, according to the best of his abilities,to support justice and human well-being, weshould be filled with wonder and delight. We havebeen slow to learn the lesson that Carlyle has taughtwith prophetic eloquence and power, that only the bestmen ought to be in places of rule. There is no troublein finding out who the best men are, if we only desireto do it. The difficulty is, we do not care much aboutit, but let things drift along as they will. In ancientGreece, it came to be considered that the lot wasthe best symbol of Democracy. They chose orators,commanders, magistrates, by lot. Antisthenesonce advised the Athenians to vote that asseswere horses, because they had made generals by votes.This, instead of being the highest expression of freedom,is, as Dr. Lieber has well said, "the annihilationof freedom." When a speech is to be made on animportant occasion, if Demosthenes can be had, howabsurd it is to put his name into an urn, with those ofa dozen tedious declaimers, and run the direful risk ofwhich will come out first? The lot is the blank negativeof intelligence. Chance is the direct antithesisof choice. Now, it is true, we do not take ourrulers in this way—by sheer luck; but we often dowhat is a great deal worse—a great deal worse; we lethalf a dozen corrupt politicians combine and colludein nominating men who they suppose will be themost subservient to their selfish ends, and then wesupport them pell mell, without a question. (Applause.)In the Koran of Mohammed there is this verse—"The ruler who appoints any man to an office whenthere is within his dominions another man better qualifiedfor it, sins against Allah and against the State."I wish that same verse were in our Bible. (Applause.) a great deal worse; But another political crime we are guilty of, whichevery citizen ought to understand, is that of permittingselfish ambition and resolute perseverance to putitself into whatever office it pleases, and bear away theauthorities and the honors of the country. Instead ofseeking out the noblest men,—those who are the mostcompetent to fulfil official duties in the most beneficentmanner,—and conferring upon them offices and honorsand responsibilities, we lie quietly back, and allow self-seekers,noisy self-asserters, who are omnipresent, tolay hold of whatever prizes they desire, and takewhatever positions they assume themselves to beworthy of. I have nothing to say on this platform, oranywhere else, against an honorable ambition,—a manseeing a high prize, fixing his eye fast upon it, andfiring his heart to pay the price manfully, and winand wear it worthily;—that is good. But it is a verydifferent thing when we allow selfish, incompetent aspirantsby frauds and tricks to accomplish their ends,and injure, perhaps destroy, the country. A true patriot,who climbs by genuine superiority, mounts as thelark mounts through the satin clouds, with propheticsunshine on its breast, while the world yet lies darkbelow; but the selfish demagogue, who climbs fromstation to station by scandalous means, rises as thescum rises, collecting the filth of the successive starsthrough which he ascends, and making a alot on thetop. (Applause.) The last thing that I would specify which an individualcan do for the public good is this: to criticizeand censure and lesson, to the utmost of his power,every element of evil that he sees anywhere in thecountry. This is only the reverse statement of thefarmer duty; for to destroy and reserve an evil is agood; therefore, the criticism about merely negativework is all irrelevant and forceless. This is just soperform as any other work. Supports a machine, uponwhose working you rely for subsistence, is stopped bya pebble in the cog-wheel,—is it not a positive good totake the pebble out? And yet it is only attackingand removing an evil. Ignornance, intemperance, selfishness, hate, unprincipled rivalry, are evils of themost enormous magnitude. I think it is a most noblegood service if any one is able to fasten on these, criticise them, point our their true character and operation,make them odious, make it disgraceful for any one tobe their votary, and thus clear the way for the formsof pure good to come into operation. This is a partof the duty, not only of the reformer, as such, but ofevery citizen, as a member of the community. Andyet, there is nothing in the world that is so popularamong the common multitude of easy and well-to-dopeople,—fogies, hunkers and conservatives in particular,—as the outcry against the assault upon evil,"You want to do good to the public, do you? Well,then, in Heaven's name, hold your tongue and keepin private; let other people alone!" That is whatthey say; and yet, the absurdity of this—how obviousit is! It is refuted by a common sense view of thefacts, for no great evil lodged in a community everdied out of itself. It has a self-sustaining, self propagatingpower, as all other things have in the world;and if let alone, it will destroy the body politic onwhich it fastens and thrives. It must be assailed anddestroyed, or else it will destroy the people. Commonsense tells us this; and then, look at history! Havemankind been served in the great epochs and crises ofthe past by men who held their tongues, kept in private,and disturbed nobody! Not at all. Come fromyour graves, ye heroes, saints and benefactors of mankindin every age! Were you not the contumely andthe buffet of your contemporaries! It has alwaysbeen so, and will be, until mankind grow a great dealwiser and more charitable than they are yet. In order to the full realization of the good growingout of this course of conduct on the part of the citizen,there is only one condition necessary, and that isfreedom of discussion; that criticism shall have a fairfield every where, without being persecuted or prevented,the only checks that are allowed to be putupon it being simply fairness and good temper. Withinthese limits, let evil be assailed; let even truth andgood be assailed, because out of the agitation they willvindicate themselves. All that is requisite is freedom. I believe, Mr. President, in presenting this view ofthe case—so old and hackneyed that I am afraid it istedious, and yet so overlooked and neglected that it isvitally necessary—I am not going beyond the line that,on this platform, is considered useful. Iliac lacryma.This is the reason why your little body, pledged toopposition to slavery, is so odious to the community,that sometimes you find it hand to get a "respectable"man (so called) to be seen in one of your gatherings.It is to your honor, to your everlasting credit, thatyou have this odium, and God grant that it may endureuntil it has done its work! (Applause.) If theknowledge which the Anti-Slavery Society has had,and has most bravely endeavored to diffuse throughthe whole country, had been attended to, we shouldhave avoided this long series of calamities whichhave now culminated in civil war, with all its horrors.There were hundreds of men in this country whoknew perfectly all the perilous facts of the case twentyyears ago, and faithfully unfolded them before thepublic. Had they been heeded, had their statementsbeen discussed, had they been opposed, no matter howmuch, if fairly, for the elimination of truth, all thiswould have been averted. But the people of theSouth, insane with arrogance and conceit, turned anear of deafness and a front of wrath, and the greatleaders and majority of the North, absorbed in business,caring for nothing in comparison with makingmoney, were indignant, irritated, and treated thispresentation with persecution and contempt, refusingto let the truth go forth, and we see the result to-dayin this awful catastrophe! So will it always be. Ifcriticism and discussion are permitted to have theirfull away, untrammeiled, thousands of evils will beprevented from reaching the explosive point of ruin;but if they are stifled or restrained, the evils will goon, until they burst in desolation and horror. That isthe lesson of all experience, and common sense cannotfail to see why it is so, and most be so. Iliac lacryma. There never was a country in the history of theworld which rested so entirely upon falsehoods as theslaveholding portion of the United States of America,in the last fifty years; and we know very well howswiftly harmony and belief, the elements of all enduringpower, fly from foundations hollowed with lies andhoney-combed with sophistries. There are three setsof falsehoods on which the institutions of the Southrest totteringly, and soon to fall. There are a dozenconnected falsehoods in political economy, there arehalf-a-dozen fundamental falsehoods in ethics, theseare half-a-dozen more gigantic falsehoods in facts—and upon those three acts of lies rests the South. Itwould be interesting to some, but I fear tedious to mostof you, to undertake to specify these in detail. Wewill let them pass with simply an allusion to one ortwo. In regard to political economy, the South knowsitself to be dependent upon the rest of the world; itsees the North to be free, rich, prosperous. Insteadof looking into the laws of political economy to discoverthe true reason of this, in their childish ignoranceand conceit, they say, "It is all the fault of theNorth; they take our money away from us. Wemake all the money in the country, and the Northsteals it away from us by tariffs, and various othershrewd Yankee devices." The best service that couldhe done to the South would be to buy about fivehundred copies of Adam Smith, John Stuart Mill,Heavy C. Carey, and other good works on PoliticalEconomy, and send them (if it could be done) todifferent parts of the South, and compel the people toread them. They would than see that all their troublescome from the falsehoods on which their politicalsystem rests. Then in regard to ethics, they maintain (and itwould be amusing to read extracts from their paperson this point) that they are the transcendent virtue,culture and refinement of the earth, because theyhave no manual labor to perform; they are supported bytheir slaves, and hence leave abundant leisure to learnto ride horseback, to sheet the rifle, to use the bowie-knifeand various other graceful and elegant accomplishmentsof that cost. Your grace falsehoods inethics; for we know that the elevation of a people isdetermined by the scale they reach in justice, inbrotherly born, in the character of the cardinal principlesand sentiments of truth and humanity; and inthese respects, where are they!  Then, for the falsehoods in fact. They are trulyignorant, lawless, fierce; they falsely fancy us so.They envy, hate and fear us; and they call those ignorablepassions magnanimous scorn. We pity them;they imagine we hate them, and tremble at them.Hardly any Southern writer can pen a deem lineswithout directly stating a falsehood, and indecently betrayinga truth. They are impatient of the superiorityof the North, and vainly try to disguise their chagrinin boastful entire. Let me read a sweet morsel fromthe Richmond Whig:— stating Whig:— "The Yankees are very little better than the Chances.They lay the same stream on the jingle of their dollars thatthe Celestials do on the noise of their gongs. With moneyin their pockets, won from a generous and chivalrous race,and multitudinous as Norway rate, they are swollen withconceit. The utter break-down of the Yankees forces empireon us of the South." Now, we know very well, it is perfectly obvious toas, that the Yankees are no "failure" at all Wetake care of ourselves; we enjoy equal rights; weare pretty independent of the world; we have nomobs; no cry of " Bread or Blood!" in our streets;and we do not hare to appoint a secret body of policeto watch one portion of the community, and see thatthey do not cut the others' throats. The RichmondDispatch says they have the best society in the world!and in the next paragraph it says:— Dispatch "The great slaveholders in Virginia form a stone wall ofindomitable resistance to any reconstruction of the Union;but the poor whites, the single-nigger men, are the instrumentsand spices of Lincoln, not only in Richmond, but allover the South. It is appalling to think of the mischiefthey may commit. A corps of secret agents should be appointedto watch them." It is the falsehoods in political economy, in ethicsand in facts that they cherish, which are proving therain of the South. Their practical refutation by theirresistible logic of events will bring the South itsonly possible salvation. For forty years, the slaveholders have deliberately looked on lies; now theirretribution shall be a vision of the truth. But I fear I am wearying you. Here is our goodfriend, Mr. Phillips, the hero of this platform, whomI am detaining you from hearing, and I will verysoon make way, and you shall listen to him. Butlet me, friends, before I sit down, say, that howeverdark are the forebodings of many,—and I thoughtMr. Phillips himself was terribly gloomy in his programmethe other night,—I feel, in every sense, (withonly the qualification of sorrow for the crimes andcalamities of war,) chip and merry, and think everythingis coming out right. They say we cannot whipthe South. I do not believe that. In fact, I am confidentof the contrary. We have two to their one,with the right on our side. If we cannot conquer, itis a pity. Besides, we have not got the united andtotal South to whip. We must remember that the"great slaveholders" are only three or four thousand,the "single nigger men" fifty times as numerous.and those who do not own a dollar of slave property aremillions. When a few tremendous blows have beenstruck, you will see these rebels yielding much morereadily and gracefully than they have bragged aboutThe great majority are fighting under delusions. Thesedelusions, many of them, will inevitably be dispelled bythe progress of events, and then there will be a tremendouscollapse of the motives for fighting. Undoubtedly,those men who are in the Confederatearmies are brave men. I would not say a wordagainst their valor or determination; but they aremen; and although passion may govern men momentarily,yet it is passion pervaded and magnetized byinterest that governs men permanently. Passion, provokedto acute heat, may do great things for a littlewhile, but if it is not fed by principles, it does notlast—it quickly burns out They have not got anyprinciples to feed their passion. They are fightingonly from passion, and they will collapse much quickerthan many people believe. And then, as to the"hopelessness of reunion," the "perpetual fends," thatoar quondam friend, John Bull, talks about, and "thefixed fact of secession," "the country is severed, andcan never be brought together again"—it is all exaggerationor fallacy! Look at history! There havebeen separations, fends, fifty times as deep as this, andyet the parties have come together again, and so shallwe. Look at the war of the White and Red Roses, atCavalier and Roundhead, in England. In France—,look at she Huguenot and Catholic. I believe that thisrebellion will be crushed, and that without any verygreat prolongation of time. Rebeldom already tremblesunder the effects of Dupont's and Sherman's descentat Port Royal, whose significance our Whittierhas just pat into verse. How will they feel whenthe winter of our discontent is made glorious summerby this sun of Burnside. (Applause.) Are theyprepared for the other blows to follow! A boy gotdown his grandfather's old continental musket, andamused himself by loading it. He put in six charges,and then his grandmother snatched it away, andfired it, in order to hang it up in its place. The gunknocked her a dozen yards. "Don't get up yet,grandma," cried the boy, "there are five othercharges to come." (Laughter and applause.) No, this country is one, and will be one forever.When geography, history, material interests, moraldestinies, make a nation one, however violent theshocks, they are temporary. What force can there beto rend asunder our mountain chains, to separate theashes of the dead and the blood of the living! "Or what now perpendiculars shall riseUp from our streams, continued to the skies,That between as the common air shall bar,And split the influences of every star!"    Finally, I do not indulge in those lugubrious forebodingsin which many very tender-hearted old fogies do inregard to the negroes, if they are set free—that theywill imbrue their hands in the blood of the slaveholder—that they are going to rot in laziness—that they arenot going to lift a hoe or do a thing—that the tworaces cannot live together. I do not see it so. Theyhave lived together so long under the laws of oppressionand injustice, the slaves supporting the whole;cannot they get along better still under the laws ofjustice and mutual kindness! Cannot the slaves takecare of themselves without the load of their masters,as well as with that burden! I would say, with ourdarling and glorious Whittier, whom I never admiredso much as when I read his last poem—I would saywith him, "Let it come," and take up the song of thecontraband— "Oh, praise an 'tanks! Do Lord he comeTo not do people free;An' mazes tiak it day ob doom,An' we ob jubilee.    Do Lord dat heap de Red Sea waves,Ho jus as 'trong as don;He say do word: we las' night slaves;To-day, do Lord's freemen."    We read, in the Koran, M Paradise is under theshadow of swords." Beneath these creased bladesof North and South may the way of the slave lie intothe Paradise of liberty. (Applause) Better times arecoming in the future for this genial, joyous, credulous,but oppressed and down-trodden race; better times,both in their old original home and in America.Coeur coasting along the shores of Africa, dreamedhe saw an army standing on the beach, in tears,and stretching out hands of supplication. On awakening,he wrote upon his tablets, "Corinth and Carthage,"and determined to rebuild those cities. TheGenius of Christendom coasting in imagination alongthat tragle shore, dreamed she saw an army of ghosts—the ghosts of so many generations of slaves, captured,driven into exile and death, with every accompanimentof abuse and horror. On awaking, with disturbedconscience, she wrote on her tablets, "SierraLeone and Liberia," and established these colonies,the vanguard of a redemptive power, which shall finallyspread the light and fruits of liberty ever the wholecontinent. In Pagan Rome, it frequently happened, that on thedeath of their masters, slaves, emancipated by will,followed the funeral, wearing Liberty caps. O if thiscolossal oppression of the South might but die in theamong of this war, and its funeral be followed by fourmillions emancipated slaves, in Liberty caps! (Applause.)And if they join hands around the grave,we will not went to hear them sing— "We own do bee, we own do plough,We own do hands del held;We soil do pig, we soil do cow,But nebber chile be sold.    De yam will grow, de cotton blow,We'll had do rise an case;Oh, cobber you fear if nolber you knowBe driver blow his horn!"    WENDELL PHILLIPS followed, is a speech of goodeloquence and power, the leading ideas of which wereembodied in his address on "The Times," printed afortnight age. For this reason, we attempt no reportof it here. ENDELL HILLIPS At the conclusion of Mr. Phillip's speech, themeeting adjourned to half-post 2 o'clock, P.M. AFTERNOON SESSION. The meeting was called toorder by James N. Buffum, of Lynne, who introducedto the meeting J.B. Swasey, Esq., of Boston. FTERNOON ESSION. Mr. Swasey commented on the statement of HenryWard Bencher that the North should he were of imitatingthe South by unconstitutional action. Heshowed that the exigencies of war require a policy anda course of action entirety, beyond that ordinarilycontemplated by the Constitution; and that sincethat instrument recognizes the possibility of war, andprovides for it, the movements indispensable to successin war are not in violation of the Constitution.Great darkness and doubt prevail in the public mindin regard to this matter. Gen. Sherman neglects theinstructions of the Secretary of War about drillingand arming the slaves; and our people at home do notsee that military law under the Constitution is just asconstitutional as any other law. Even Mr. Bencherhesitates before this question; cannot recognize theexpediency of emancipation under martial law; doesnot remember the benefits of the overthrow of slaveryeven in Jamaica, where it was so strongly opposed.When such a man fails in this emergency, the prospectfor heroes is dark indeed. Who knows whatmilitary dictator from North or South may overrideus, so deep is the demoralization of the Northern people! He, however, took a more hopeful view of theposition of the country than that taken in the morning.He expected military success on the part of theNorth, and great results to freedom from such success.Perhaps a generation of toil and conflict is before us.But he believed no fugitive slave would ever againbe returned to bondage from New England. Mr. EZRA H. HEYWOOD, (who became acting GeneralAgent during the illness of Rev. Samuel May,Jr.) then made a statement respecting the action ofthe Society and the labors of its Agents during thepast year. ZRA EYWOOD On motion of Mr. MAY, the Finance Committeewas enlarged by the addition of Elbridge Sprague ofAbington, and Miss Georgina Otis of this city. AY Mr. May spoke earnestly of the continued necessitiesof the cause, the urgent need of unremittinglabors in this critical hour, and the duty of giving liberallyto sustain those labors. The Finance Committeethen entered upon their work of collection. Mr. GARRISON then mentioned the case of a coloredman, Levi Ward, who, having redeemed himself, hiswife and one child from slavery, was now seekingmeans to purchase the freedom of another child. ARRISON Mr. WARD appeared on the platform, and gavesome account of his life. Born a slave in Maryland,he began, at fourteen years old, to work in sparehours for the purchase of his own freedom. Hewas accustomed to split rails at night for this purpose;and when it was accomplished, he felt as good as Mr.Lincoln, though he had become only a freeman,while Mr. Lincoln had become President (Applause.)He served nine years as pilot on the Chesapeake.He paid $1300 for himself, $500 for his wife, $450 forone child, and was now raising the residue of another$450 for his second child. ARD Mr. GARRISON remarked on the absence of revengefulnessand bitterness of spirit in the story ofMr. Ward. He declared this to be characteristic ofall the statements of freed slaves be had ever beard.They exhibited only thankfulness to God for theirdeliverance; and we should take to heart the lessontaught by such facts, as well as by the patient andpersevering industry with which Mr. Ward hadsought the freedom of himself and his family. ARRISON CHARLES LENOX REMOND, of Salem, next spoke.He had been for some months comparatively silent,and he could see little to hope in our position at thepresent moment. He sided rather with Mr. Phillipsthan with Mr. Alger in the view taken of our prospects.Few men could place themselves in the pointof view of the black man, and the more one did so,the less encouragement would he feel. Not only inWashington and in Pennsylvania, but in Massachusetts,the colored man is still disfranchised, and keptin an unequal, a degraded position. In Washington,he (the speaker,) would be no safer now than he wasten years ago; even in Massachusetts, his nativeState, he could not shoulder a musket for his country;and if he were with the army on the Potomac, hecould not wear the national uniform. Things werenot so in 1776 and 1812, under Washington and Jackson.In both these wan, black men as well as whiteshed their blood in defence of their country. Nowthey are not allowed even to bear arms for this purpose.Yet not one of this race has been found a rebelor traitor to his country. Such treatment, undersuch circumstances, made him doubt whether theboasted forbearance and forgiving spirit of the blackman were a virtue. They had yet to prove theirmanhood by rising against their masters. This people,whether triumphant or trampled under foot, arean existing element in this country. They havegrown, tinder all sorts of persecution, to more thanfour millions. As well can you extirpate the Canadathistle as expatriate them. At this moment the negrois blocking the progress of the Government'ssuccess, nor will the rebellion be put down until justiceis done him. You cannot with impunity violateGod's laws upon this subject, any more than his physicallaws. John Brown has shown us the way to success.If freedom come not so, beware lest this poorblind Samson pull down the pillars of your nationaledifice, and bury you with himself in its ruins. HARLES ENOX EMOND Hon. F.W. BIRD was then called on by the President.He asked— IRD Who is it that now keeps the child of Levi Wardin slavery! Not the local laws of Maryland. It isthe Massachusetts troops whom we have sent there;it is you and I who are protecting slavery in Marylandand Virginia to-day. Against Constitutionalright as well as justice, the blacks are held in slaveryby the Federal officers, or sent back to the mastersfrom whom they have escaped. When Major GeneralBanks was Governor of this State, he vetoed themeasure which would have second militia privilegesto the blacks, in this State. Mr. Seward has uniformlydeclared that this war is for the institutions of theSouth as they were before the rebellions. The war weare now making is not only not against slavery, it isexpressly for the protection of slavery. Our Governmenthas not emancipated a single slave where itcould imprison him. Those in possession of the Federalarmy are still held as slaves. We have slaveswith their rebel masters at Fort Warren in Bostonharbor, waiting for the release of those masters to beagain placed in their power. The slave roll is calledthere every morning under the shadow of BunkerHill. He was no loafer for "schooling ourselves tosilence" under such circumstances. The key of theslave's chain is now kept in the While House. Ouradministration has gone to the resume of slavery,which had almost committed suicide. Mr. BUFFUM wished to ask whether, in Mr. Lincoln'svery peculiar circumstances, he had not done allthat could reasonably he expected of him. His appointmentof the anti-slavery General Lane to activeservice he thought was an encouraging sign of progress. UFFUM Adjourned to 7, P.M. EVENING SESSION. The meeting was called to orderseen after 7 o'clock, Mr. Quincy in the chair. Thefirst speaker was WILLIAM DAVIS, one of the fruits ofthe great rebellion, plucked from the "sacred soil" ofVirginia and gathered into a garner of Freedom.He gave a highly interesting account of the conditionof his fellow "contrabands" at Fortress Monroe, testifying,not only in their willingness, but eagerness, tolabor, and their appreciation of the great boon whichhas been conferred upon them. He said he was bornand raised a slave. He had seven children, five ofwhom had been sold away from him. VENING ESSION. ILLIAM AVIS He noticed the claim often made that the slaves donot desire freedom, and that they expressly say thiswhen asked by their master and the friends. Hefrankly admitted that he had often made this same answerto the inquiries of his mistress, being well assuredthat it was his only way to escape being soldSouth. But, said he, where William said so, Williamlied. He knew, and God knew, that he wanted to befree. When Mr. Pierce, one of their teachers in theFortress, asked if they wanted to be free, they allchouted yes! They were also very desirous of education.They need books, teachers and money. Theywish to learn to read the Bible, and they wish instructionof all kinds, understanding that it will help themagainst renelsavement. Hon. NATHANIEL H. WHITING was then introduced,and spoke as follows:— ATHANIEL HITING MR. PRESIDENT,—This Anniversary of the MassachusettsAnti-Slavery Society is convened under newand most extraordinary circumstances. The mob—the spirit of slavery—which has so long pursued as,widening its dimensions and gathering up all its forces,is now hunting for the life of the nation. The sanguinaryconflict raging around us might well havebeen prevented if the warning voice of the despisedand persecuted Abolitionists had been headed. Andnow, when the maddened and despairing slave Powerhas precipitated the country into this direful content,the mission of the Abolitionism remains the same, andthat is, to preach the truth.—to proclaim, at ever, thatRighteousness alone exalts and saves a nation, andthat sin is a reproach to and will be the destructionof, any people. RESIDENT Peace is valuable, bat it can only be secured throughpurity and truth. Union is worth seeking and preserving,but its inevitable conditions are that the partiesshall be agreed. There never was, and therenever will be any concord between truth and falsehood,freedom and slavery, Christ and Belial. Formany years these truths have been sounded in theears of this people, but they would not need them.The consequences of this insane folly are now beforeus. Sir, it is sad to think, after all the light furnished bythe experience of past ages, that we can find no betterway of settling difficulties, determining the value ofprinciples, and the true theory and practice of political,social and religious life, than by cutting eachother's throats. It is a melancholy and by no meansencouraging result which presents to us this bloodyharvest as the culminating growth of the understanding,heart and conscience of civilized man. A nation,occupying the front rank in intelligence, prosperityand freedom, is torn by intestine convulsions, and isseemingly on the verge of dissolution through themad ambition and unreasoning prejudice of a portionof its people. "Grim visaged War," with his stormof fire and blood, arches over our sky. A people,who, by the ties of nature, of language, of history, ofdestiny, should be fast friends and fellow-countrymen,—knowing no strife, no rivalry, but that of peacefulprogress, and an emulation to present the fairest picturefor the copy of less favored nations,—are at deadlyenmity. Yesterday, we thought, and loudly boasted, that wewere on the full tide of successful experiment in freegovernment Our eagle flapped his wings exultinglyover land and sea, and screamed a joyful welcome tothe oppressed of every clime. To-day, the stars andstripes are no longer recognized as the national emblemover half the land, and they are mocked, jeeredand insulted by the minions of despotism in everyland. Why this change? How does it hannen that overthis broad and goodly land there is discord and violence,commercial disaster and ruin, the neighing ofthe war-horse, and all the grim preparation for theterrible game of war? How, but because the peopleof this country have been so foolish as to imaginethey could combine truth and falsehood, freedom andslavery, in fraternal and harmonious union! A thousandtimes had the experiment been tried; as manytimes it had failed. The earth was covered with thegraves of nations perishing in the embraces of themonster, Slavery. The warning voice of prophets,martyrs and patriots was uttered to us in vain. LikeSinbad the sailor, we took the "Old Man of the Sea"on our shoulders, in order, as it was said, to carry hima little way, that he might get ready to die decently.But his legs have been drawing tighter and tighterabout our neck, and we are in great danger of beingstrangled in the operation, because we have not thestrength or disposition to throw him off, and dash hisbrains out. But, sir, whatever may befal this nation in the greatconvulsion through which it is passing, you, and thosewho have wrought with you through these weary anddisgraceful years to awaken her from the sleep ofdeath into which she had fallen, will be guiltless ofthe blood of this people. I know there arc those, principally such as have fedupon the nation's life through the plausible catchwordof Democracy, who, with brazen mendacity,declare that the Abolitionists are the cause of this rebelliouswar against the General Government. Notthat they stole the national forts and arsenals, robbedthe treasury, insulted and fired upon the flag, bombardedSumter, beleaguered the capital, and murderedour people. Nothing of that sort. But then theyhave, by their intemperate and unconstitutional agitationof the slavery question, at last exasperated theSouth to madness, and enabled the demagogues thereto precipitate her into a rebellion against the Union.Now, whoever asserts that the discussion and condemnationof slavery is unconstitutional, or that we havenot a right to legislate for its restriction and finaloverthorow, are guilty of branding the founders of therepublic as hypocrites and liars, as well as traitorsboth to God and man. They said they founded this Government in the interestof freedom; that all men had a natural right tothis divine gift; and that they ordained the nationalConstitution to "establish justice, ensure domestictranquillity, promote the general welfare, provide fortoe common defence, and secure the blessings of libertyto the people." And whatever apparent compromisesthey might have made with slavery for localand temporary purposes, they always looked upon itas an evil, and never ceased to hope that, through theprohibition of the African slave trade, and in otherways, it would gradually disappear. The Washingtons,Jefferson, and others declared that the exerciseof their political power should not be wanting to removeit; that "one hoar of the slavery to which thenegroes were subjected was more intolerable thanwhole ages of that which they rose in rebellionagainst;" and that when the conflict between the mastersand slaves should none, as come it would, therewas "no attribute of the Almighty that could takeaides with the oppressor." And the brightest pagein the history of the infant republic in that which records,in the Ordinance of 1787, the entire prohibitionof slavery, in all the vast region northwest of theOhio. Indeed, there has not, perhaps, been an Administration,or Congress, from that day to the presentin which slavery, in some of its aspects and relations,has not been a subject of agitation and legislation;and yet we are charged with having sought towrest the Government from its legitimate sees, andpervert, it to the exercise of powers utterly at warwith the Constitution, and of the Declaration of Independenceupon which it rests! The truth is, the Abolitionists are the only linealdescendents of those heroes who founded this republic,and the real friends of its growth and prosperity. Intheir unceasing denunciations of slavery and its abettors,they have but given voice to the unpervertedinstincts of our common humanity; and have onlyfeebly argued the case of human rights againstslavery, which, in the glowing language of Theodore D.Weld, "has been adjuciated in the court of conscience times innumerable. The same verdict hasalways been rendered—"Guilty!" The same sentencehas always been pronounced,—'Let it be accursed!'and human nature, with her million underheaven, 'Let it be accursed! Let it be accursed!'And his heart is false to human nature who will notsay Amen!" Ours has been, and still is, a war of opinion andprinciples; the light of Christian civilization againstthe five-fold herbarium of slavery. Being a conflict ofopinion and of principles, we were desirous that itshould be settled, if possible, though the enlightenedand peaceful growth of public opinion. Slavery haschosen that it shall he otherwise, and so we find ourselveslaunched out upon an ocean whose shores noman can see. What shall he the length of the voyage,what port we shall enter, whether we shall be swallowedup to the great maelstrom, like so many nationsthat have gone before us, or shall enter gloriously andtriumphantly the peaceful haven of universal liberty,will depend mainly the people of the loyal States.If we are true to the Idea upon which, the Governmentwas professedly founded, and avail ourselves ofthis wanton and causeless rebellion of the pamperedminions of slavery to crush the poisonous serpentwhose deadly fangs are aimed at the life of constitutionalliberty on this continent, the contest will beshort, though, as Gen. McClellan says, it may be desperate. But, Sir, in my judgment, there never will be a reconstructionof the Union in which slavery shall be arecognized clement and controlling power. I believe,too, that there can be permanently but one governmentin the limits of this nation. More than that will bethe signal of continued war and bloodshed. Our lakesand rivers, our mountains and valleys, our varied climateand productions, our net-work of railroad andtelegraph, our community of interests, of language,of race, imperatively demand that there shall be butone government, which, at last, will be all slave orall free. It is too late in the day, altogether too late,Sir, to think of founding or maintaining a democraticgovernment which shall recognize the ownership ofmen as a cardinal principle in its organization and life.That experiment, thank God, is played out. Thosewho think the old machine, half truth and half falsehood,half liberty and half slavery, half God and halfdevil, with the devil always employed as engineer,—can be again repaired and put upon the track, and thatintelligent, freedom-loving men will again place themselvesunder its guidance and control, know little ofthe age in which they live, and have studied humannature and the history of the race to very little purpose.It even begins to be whispered in unwontedquarters, that we have already paid sufficiently dearfur that kind of whistle. It is time that we looked this question of slaveryfairly in the face, and prepared ourselves to meet itlike men upon whom the dread, yet glorious responsibilityrests of settling this whole "irrepressible conflict"at once and forever. Slavery rests solely upon force. It has no otherfoundation, neither in soil, climate, color or race. Itis the doctrine that "might makes right" in its lastanalysis, and carried out to its legitimate results. Iam stronger than you, and I sell you in the market,write you down as "property," and drive you to unpaidtoil. Tomorrow, through your own strength, orwith the aid of others, you sell me upon the auctionblock, and expose me to all the fearful contingenciesof "goods and chattels personal, to all intents, purposesand constructions whatsoever." And this is all thevalidity there can ever be to slavery's title deeds. Ithas now scornfully rejected the protecting power ofthe government which has so long saved it from thecondemning brand of outraged and indignant humannature, and aimed a parricidal blow at its heart. Doesit still deserve the toleration the sympathy even,which it receives from men in high places! Have wenot already suffered enough in character, in prosperity,in everything which honorable men hold dear, by ourconnection and complicity with slavery? Who thatsees what this country is, and what it might have beenbut for this demon,—who that contemplates this dreadfulwar into which it has plunged us,—the thousandson thousands of lives, the millions on millions of treasurewhich are to be thrown into its awful cauldron,—the widows and orphans it will make,—the generaldemoralization that will follow in its train,—the cup ofbitterness and hate it will leave for us and for posterity,and all the unnameable horrors of which it is thecause,—who that sees it all is not ready to exclaimwith Macduff— "But, gentle Heaven!Cut short all intermission: front to frontBring thou this fiend of 'Slavery,' and myself; Within my sword's length set him; if he 'scape, Then Heaven forgive him too!"     To me, sir, it is as plain as that I am standing here,we have got to tear up slavery, root and branch, orthe conflict upon which we have entered will outlastthis generation, or end in the destruction of constitutionalliberty in these once United States. There isone door open for us—but one—and that is the door ofUniversal Emancipation. (Loud applause.) Throughthat, and that alone, we can pass out of the darknessand death which now encompass us, into the glorioussunlight of Liberty, Union, and Peace. Universal Emancipation. But that passage must be speedily made, if at all.Not only are we exhausting our resources, wasting ourenergies, by this protracted conflict and these giganticarmaments, but the danger of foreign interferencegrows more and more imminent every day. Thatpower, which has belted the globe with its empire,and which has never scrupled to commit any outrage, orrobbery, or cruelty upon other nations or people whichit has deemed necessary for its own aggrandizement,—the extension and perpetuity of its dominion,—iswatching eagerly for a plausible pretext to strikea crushing blow at a nation which has become so formidablean industrial and political rival that even nowit has outstripped her in the range of peaceful commerce,in political institutions, and in public and privateliberty. They thought they had that pretext inthe arrest of Mason and Slidell, by Capt. Wilkes, onthe deck of the steamer Trent. And nothing, perhaps,shows more palpably how heartless and unscrupulousthe British Government is, and to what desperatestraits they are driven in their desire to cripple anddestroy the American nation, than the avidity withwhich they seized upon this shallow excuse to pick aquarrel with us in our great extremity, for doing whatthey have claimed the belligerent right to do, and havedone, persistently and most offensively, to other nations,for many years. That pretext has been removed. The rebels havebeen given up, with "a suitable apology," to the Britishauthorities. Unless they have gone where theywill not again be heard from "until the sea gives upits dead," they are now safe on British soil, enjoyingthe protection and hospitality of that consistent, liberal,friendly "natural power." We have swallowed thatbitter pill, solacing ourselves, meanwhile, with thethought that we have made it less unpalatable bysugaring it over with splendid phrases about "therights of neutrals,"—"the freedom of the seas," andin exchanging congratulations upon the tardy adhesionof Great Britain to those principles of internationallaw for which we have so long contended, andwhich they have so long dented. Just as if they hadever acknowledge any other law in their intercoursewith other nations but that of the strongest; and asif they would not to-morrow, if they thought they hadthe power, and could make anything by it, unhesitatinglydisregard and trumpis on the very principlesunder which they claimed the surrender of the rebelenvoys. natural power. "But", say some, "English is committed on thisissue before the tribunal of the world." But, alas!the only world for with the line any love and respectto that which is bounded by the circumference of a littleisland in the North Sea; and the only tribunal to whichshe appeals is that which proclaims its edicts throughthe mouths of her thousand bull-dogs that faunt herinsolent and remorseless flag all round the globe. O,my fellow-countrymen? by not the flattering unctionto your souls that you have avoided a war with Englandby the painful humiliation to which you havesubmitted. That pretest removed another can easilybe found. The uplift which seems to actuate the Britishpeople, as shown by their leading newspaper organs,To show its character, permitme to reed a short extract from the organ of the conservativearistocracy, who really held the issues ofgrace and war in that Government. It is the LondonMorning Herald. It will be perceived that they do notpretend that the claim for the surrender of the rebelenvoys was anything but the most transparent of pretexts:— Morning Herald. "A pugilist advancing warily upon a reboot adversary,when he seen his fee throw himself upon the ground, andhears him ory for mercy, is not more taken aback than isthe British people so thoroughly dumbfounded by these unexpectedexpected deconstructions in the midst of its preparations forwar. We trust that our government will profit by thisgratifying lesson. Should a similardifficulty arise again, weshall know next time how to deal with the American Government.If we are justified, as we believe we are, in viewingthe resolve of the America Government in this mirror ofpopular opinion, we suppose that our difference withAmerica will nor for the present lead to war. But enoughhas occurred to put us on our guard for the future, to teachus to be very watchful of the temper of a people whichseems to have two faces, like the god Janus, to be as shiftingas the sands of the sea, and as changeful in color as thechameleon. This concession of there must not be allowed tofetter us in our future course. We have a more immediateinterest than before in the struggle between North andSouth; we have found that it concerns ourselves, andlearned that its continuance is fraught with danger to ourpeace." Should a similardifficulty arise again, weshall know next time how to deal with the American Government. This concession of there must not be allowed tofetter us in our future course. Now, sir, I do not say that this expresses the universalsentiment of people and press in English. Thereare honorable and noble exceptions to it in all classes.But I do say, that, so far as appears, this is the prevailingcurrent of public sentiment in the controllingclasses of British society. And do you think that aGovernment whose accredited organs can use suchlanguage as this, is to be mollified or baulked of its purposeby any concessions we may make? The cry of"inefficiency of blockade;" the "atrocious crime ofsinking vessels at the mouths of harbors," instead ofshooting our enemies from the mouths of cannon, afterthe manner of our more civilized, humane, and Christianprototypes across the sea; "the necessities ofcommerce"; "the desire to stop the effusion of blood";anything, even the plea of the wolf for eating thelamb, will answer for the resolved mind, which neverscruples in the use of means to accomplish its ends. the desire to stop the effusion of blood Sir, I venture to say that, whoever lives to feel thewarmth of returning Spring, with this rebellion notcrushed out, will witness an armed intervention in ouraffairs by England, France and Spain, and perhapsother European powers. They say we have not afriend among them all. Perhaps we do not deserveany. But let us be true to ourselves, to right and justice,and we shall at last receive the sympathy and encouragementof all liberal-minded men throughout theworld. As the only means to crush this rebellion, restorepeace and Union to our distracted country, and avoidthe disgraceful alternative of a humiliating peacethrough the dismemberment of the nation, or a death-grapplewith the great powers of Europe, let us to dayproclaim liberty to the captive in a decree of UNIVERSALEMANCIPATION. NIVERSAL MANCIPATION. Let us make haste to do this vital work. The handof destiny is moving rapidly on the dial-plate of time.The "Sisters Three," who weave and wash theshroud in which are buried the dead nations, are busyat their task, and the solemn refrain comes to our ears: " Time Was unlocks the riddle of Time Is,That offers choice of glory and of gloom;The solver makes Time Shall Be surely his—But hasten, Sisters! for even now the tombGrates its slew hinge, and calls from the abyss."     "But not for him," I cry, "not yet for himWhose large horizon, westering, star by star,Wins from the void to where on ocean's rimThe sunset shuts the world with golden bar,Not yet his shows shall fail, his says grow dim!"     But, Mr. President, not to detain the audience longer,allow me to say, in conclusion, that the only hopeof salvation for this nation is, that the devil, fromwhom has proceeded this insane and wicked rebellion,shall be exorcised and driven out. How can this bedone? It is related in the New Testament that, when Jesussent his disciples out to preach the gospel, he gavethem power over serpents and unclean spirits, thatthey should receive no harm. After going out on amission, they came back rejoicing, saying that "eventhe devils were subject to them." But, one day, aperson possessed with a dumb spirit was brought untoJesus, with a request from the father of the possessedone that he would cast him out, saying at the sametime he had carried him to the disciples, but theycould do nothing for him. Jesus cast the devil out,though his hold of the patient was so strong and tenaciousthat he rent him in departing, and he was takenup for dead. After he was gone, the disciples inquiredof Jesus, "Why could not we cast him out!" "Because,"said Jesus, "this kind goeth not out but by fastingand prayer"! In like manner the devil that hasruled this nation, that possesses this people, goethnot out but by fasting and prayer. We must fast frompride, from avarice, from ambition, from prejudice andhate towards a poor, oppressed rare. We must make thesublime truths embodied in the Declaration of Independencea real verity in the nation's life. In thisway, in this way only, can the devil of slavery be castout—the sick man healed and saved. And though hehas been so thoroughly coiled around the nation'sheart, and has taken such complete possession of all itsfaculties, that in his flight he will rend every fibre inits body, and the patient will very likely be taken upfor dead, yet, once purified and redeemed from thefoul fiend, the divine beneficence of Omnipotent Loveshall take him by the hand, as it did the apparentlylifeless youth in the olden time, infuse into his veinsthe warm currents of vigorous and healthful life, andhe shall go on his way rejoicing through long yearsand ages of prosperity, freedom and happiness. this kind goeth not out but by fastingand prayer"! We must fast frompride, from avarice, from ambition, from prejudice andhate towards a poor, oppressed rare. Dr. J.S. ROCK said the nation was negro-mad. Itchased him, caught him, and held on to him with atenacity like that expressed by Bath to Boaz, "Wherethou goest, I will go; where thou lodgest, I willlodge." This rebellion was palpably an effort to extendand nationalize the system of slavery,—it mighteven be called slavery itself. Yet those men who haddared to acknowledge this, like Fremont and Cameron,were removed to give place to hunkers and kidnappers.To charge the Abolitionists with this warwas like accusing one who had given warning that theslow-match was near the powder, of having causedthe explosion. Slavery displays its own character inits effects, whether upon slaves, masters, or neighbors.What was to be done with the slaves? it was asked.They will suffer, of course, from lack of floggings,privations, separations, from being relieved from theburden of their masters support! He thought weneed not be concerned about the slaves. It was themasters, rather, for whom we should be solicitous.They have vowed never to work where they can steal. OCK Facts prove the capacity of the free colored peopleto take care of themselves, for, under all disadvantages,they acquire property, support their own paupers,and contributes something towards the support of the"poor whites." Nor do they need to be sent off tosome tropical colony. They are capable of enduringall temperatures that a white man can. Why are theblacks alone invited to leave this country! It is becausewe have been wronged, and, at the Spaniardproverb puts it, "Since I have wronged you, I havenever liked you." Slavery will go down if we have aforeign war; 75,000 free blacks and 750,000 slaves,capable of bearing arms, will be a power that whitemen will be "bound to respect." Mr. GARRISON followed, speaking in a hopeful andencouraging strain. His speech will be printed nextweek. ARRISON 
