 The civil war by which the Republic is now onthe verge of irreparable dissolution, is the effect oftwo causes: the disappointed political ambition ofthe South, and the abolition doctrines of the Northfanatically used for the overthrow of the chief Southerninterests. These are the agents from which therebel on has sprung. Had the latter never existed, itis certain that treason would not make its appearancein the slave States. The public men of those wretchedsections of the country have shown a disobedient,distempered, aspiring, violent nature, in presence ofwhich no legislation could be permanent—before thearrogance which no laws could endure. In theabsence of abolitionism, the treason of the South hadnot, perhaps, yet appeared, but break out it wouldbefore a great length of time. The rabid conduct ofthe philanthropists only hastened its incubation.But had the latter shameful truth not existed at all,had it been the case that the loyalty of the Southwere as entirely free from all taint as the fair spiritof the Constitution could require it to be, a doubtcannot be entertained that abolitionism per se wouldprovoke the slave States to rebellion. There is guiltin the South proper to itself, but had it been commissionersfree from guilt from proper reasons, its submissivenessthe Blank Republicans from would lash intoopen revolt. In each division of the country, theConstitution has been murderously aimed at. It isdifficult to settle on which side the larger treasonprevails. On the first perception, abolitionism hasit, and like all first judgments of a universal nature.this first perception may be very well admitted tobe true. per se proper We have now in the field over six hundred thousandarmed men for the suppression of the Southernrebels. Against this nothing can be said; in favorof it, every tongue and pen in the land should be deliberatelyexercised. But the Northern rebels areallowed to persist in their treason. Nay, they areat full liberty to increase in it. Abolitionism, whichhas been the principal cause of Southern disloyaltyspringing to action, was never so violent, so extreme,so wicked, so fanatic as it is at this very instant. Itsclergymen its editors and its "wretched spouters"— both men and women—are now in bold enjoymentof the utmost license of action. The Administration,however, does nothing to check them. On they go,in their certain treason, without a single barrier tostop their progress. The pillars of the abolitionchurches are made to vibrate every day and eveningwith emancipation sermons of the most turbulentkind; throughout the country, the anti-slavery societiesare in the fullest exercise: for the abolitionjournalists, no excess is too wild for advocacy, andthe speakers of the tribe are utterly unbridled intheir speech. Still, the government at Washingtondoes nothing to hinder the guilt. This may be theresult of having too much duty on hand. No doubtthe rebellion of the South will be squelched downat last. But the real integrity of the Union is impossiblewhile abolitionism is allowed to prevail.The rebels of the South are not better entitled tothe misfortunes of war than the abolitionists—thetraitors of the North. Down the latter must be put,as deeply as the former, or there can be no continuanceof the Republic. It may be, that the Administration,which has given high military places toLane and Phelps, has a clear perception, and an uprightpatriotic resolve on the case: but we advocatethe uprising of the people in public meetings for thesuppression of abolitionism—for the removal of oneof the causes of the present rebellion—for the sterndemand of real action by the government with thefanatic rebels of the North. If they he tolerated, thefree of the rebellion will continue inextinguishable.But we have an abolitionist Congress!!!—Ibid.  Ibid. 
