 The public cannot but be glad at the retirementof this gentleman from the great office of Secretaryof War. We give him credit for his fine energies,and his fortune from obscurity and indigence towealth and power may well be admired; but his integrityhas been often severely questioned, and onan important feature on the fundamental law of theland, he has principles of the most pestiferous description.It is in the latter ground that there mustbe common exultation on his withdrawal. He is thevery man— the identical Secretary of War—who recentlyurged, in an official paper, the arming of theblacks of the South for the suppression of the rebellion.The illegality and imprudence of this suggestionneed not now be enlarged upon. When he hadthe audacity of broaching it, the independent journalsof the country—and in independence THE PILOTmust be allowed to be bold enough—arraignedhim in merited terms. Had his advice been respectedby the President the loyal parts of Virginia andTennessee and the whole of the States of Kentucky,Missouri, and Maryland, had now been out of theUnion, and for seceding they could not be condemned.In that case the Federal Constitution had beenbroken against them, and in self-defence they wouldbe compelled to rebel openly against the consequencesof the violation. But the Chief Magistrate kepthis oath of office, and the allegiance of those sectionsof the Union has not been destroyed. Nor is this allthe trouble Cameron's abolition manifesto had beenfollowed by it would have intensified the treasonof the remainder of the South ten thousand degrees,given incalculable augmentation to the savagery ofthe war, and it would lead to the perfect dissettlementof the whole negro race in the country.Nothing so pestiferous to the Republic as thisarming plan of Simon Cameron ever issued from theCabinet. Various causes are assigned for his retiring.We dare say the man has been politely expelledthe Cabinet on account of his rabid abolitionism.For the same powerful reason, the President shouldnever have engaged his services. But better latethan not at all; and the people of the United Statesmay thank Providence that the politician who wasbent on arming the four millions of blacks at theSouth is now out of office. We hope the Chief Magistratewill put more scurvy heads in the basket.Lane and Pehlps should not be continued a singleinstant in the army. These vulgar Brigadiers areindebted for their epaulets to Simon Cameron,and Simon Cameron's principles they are carryingout with all their fanatic zeal. If they be notsent home they will do irretrievable damage to thecause of the Union. Their present course of conductindicates nothing else. It is the chief misfortuneof this nation that electioneering services arethe most powerful recommendations for place. Asthose services are in a majority of instances of a disgracefulkind and therefore, the work of rogues,the fact cannot but lead to irretrievable public loss.Simon Cameron is a striking evidence of this. Itmay be that he will get another post: whether hedoes or not there is ground for national exultationthat he has no more control over the war department.One deadly for to the Constitution is now out of theCabinet. This is a weighty blow on the fustian, fanatichead of abolitionism. The rail-splitter hasused a heavy axe. His oath of office requires of himto continue wielding the weapon. Boston Pilot. HE ILOT Boston Pilot. 
