 The further reports of the Anti-Slavery meetingsshow that we even grow in grace, beyond the pitchnoticed by our correspondent, "Bristol." In oldFederal and Democratic party times, many of ourreaders will remember that famous writer on theside of the Democrats, Mr. Austin, who signed hiscommunications "Honest us"—whence he becameknown to his opponents as "Hony Austin." Whena specially fierce attack was made upon him fromthe opposite quarter, it was the custom of "Honestus"to retort—"By their roaring you may knowthey are hit." We infer, on the same grounds, thatthe gentle stirring up of the negrophilists in thispaper, of yesterday, made them feel their mortality,and afforded another convincing illustration of howthese gentle philanthropists can rail. But as the best set-off we can furnish for theiramiable allusions to this paper, the following passagein the speech of Senator Davis of Kentucky,delivered in his place, on the 22d inst., seems to fittheir case precisely:— "But, Mr. President, these fanatics, these politicaland social demons, your Beechers, your Cheevers,your Phillipses, and your Garrisons, come here breathingpestilence from Pandemonium, trying to destroythis Union, so as to secure over its broken fragmentsthe emancipation of slaves. They oppose Mr. Lincoln,as honest and pure a man as ever lived, because hestands by the Constitution, and is opposed to interferingwith slavery. The utterances they have put forthin this city have desecrated the Smithsonian Institution.If the Secessionists had dared to give expressionto the same utterances, they would have beensent, and properly sent, to Fort Lafayette of Fort Warren.What will you do with these monsters! I willtell you what I would do with them, and with that terriblemonster Greeley, as they come sneaking aroundhere, like hungry wolves, after the destruction ofSlavery. If I had the power, I would take them andthe worst Seceshers, and hang them in pairs. (Laughter.)I wish to God I could inflict that punishmentupon them. It would be just. They are the disunionists.They are the madmen, who are willing to callup all the passions of the infernal regions, and all thehorrors of a servile war. This they would carry outover the diajected fragments of a broken Constitutionto obtain their unholy purposes, and I am too fearfulthat the Hon. Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. Sumner)sympathizes with them. (Laughter)." No wonder that Senators more familiar with Mr.Sumner's sympathies laughed that Mr. Davis shouldfeel the slightest hesitation about his entire communionwith the others designated.—Boston Courier. laughed Boston Courier. 
