 At 10 o'clock the Society was called to order. GILBS B. STEBBINS, of Rochester, N.Y., said itmight he supposed that the persons present at theopening of the meeting were Abolitionists, and heshould speak on that supposition. ILBS TEBBINS We are accused, as defenders of the slave, of curingfor no other person, of disregarding the other constituentsof society. But in fact, by the very act oftaking a humane and Christian point of view, bylooking at the rights and interests of the poorest andweakest, we see with special clearness what are therights and interests of all, and what course of actionwill best promote the welfare of all. Our work as Abolitionists is not affected by probabilitiesin regard to this or that issue of the war. Weare still to pave the way for emancipation, which mustinevitably come. Union or disunion, reconstructionor the old order, no matter which may result, slaverymust go down. That is the one thing settled, and wemust prepare the pubic mind for that result. Thework is not done, even when the shackles have fallenfrom the slave. What prejudice and hatred must stillbe overcome and removed after he has became a freeman!This is our work, a work of long years. We nave put ourselves in the position of the slavewhile pleading his cause, and we must continue tolabor in the same way. It is this met which has madethe Abolitionists snore clear-sighted as to the immoralityand the disastrous effects of slavery than anyother class. We know that to-day the negro holdsthe nation in the hollow of his hand. He is to turnthe scale, and our action in relation to him is to prolongor put down the rebellion. We are dying out,as a nation, for want of a purpose. The Abolitionistsalone, have a just, worthy and manly purpose, namelyemancipation, and this ought also to he adopted bythe whole country. It is this which should inspireGen. Sherman at Port Royal, and immediately on itsadoption Savannah and Charleston would drop intohis hands. Why should we not learn from the exampleof John Brown? His army of twenty meninspired by this purpose, made Virginia tremble fromone end to the other. On the other hand, McClellanwanting this purpose, sits inactive with his mightyarmy, guarding the capital, and the enemy vainlychallenge him to meet them at Manassas. The Abolitionistssee these things clearly, and mail educatethe people to see them; must leach the North thatthe rebels have divested themselves of all Constitutionalrights; that slavery may be destroyed now orderthe Constitution; and that whenever freedomshall be proclaimed, success begins. He did not take that hopeless view of our prospectswhich seemed to depress others of the speakers. Ourfriends have not too severely criticized the Government,but they have underrated the pitch of publicsentiment, at least if New England is not behind theWest in this regard. He knew of vast progress inthe sentiments of the people, at least in the West. Hehad been a witness of the unanimity which Fremontevoked all over that region. He might almost havebeen a dictator in carrying out emancipation. It wassad to think of New England as falling behind theWest in Anti-Slavery sentiment, yet he feared it wasso. He had heard Charles Sumner grossly abused inBoston hotels, without rebuke from people respectablein external appearance. In Illinois be was sure thatsuch calumny would have been answered with wordsif not with blows. There is a difference in the expressionof feeling between East and West Takingthem together, however, he really believed that amajority of the Northern people desire and approvethe immediate emancipation of the slaves as a warmeasure. And this cause is constantly gaining fresh adherents,and among classes the most diverse in opinion uponother subjects. Dr. Brownson, representing the extremeat ecclesiastical conservatism, openly declaresthat emancipation is the only safety of this nationOn the other hand Andrew Jackson Davis, representingthe highest degree of spiritual freedom, takenprecisely the same ground in his widely circulatedHerald of Progress. The extremes being thus unanimousupon this point, the means are constantly tendingin the same direction. Soldiers in the ranks asfeeling this influence from without, and are beginningto feel that the inspiring word has not been spoken tothem by their leaders. All classes are perceiving aslast the great truths that the Abolitionists have beenproclaiming for years. Herald of Progress. Why have we war to-day? Why are we subjectsto a thing so horrible as war always is a thing whichnever comes but from the low; state of development ofman's better nature. This war was inevitable, consideringthe state of depravation to which the nationhad sunk. Our care must be that it shall not be renewedfive, ten or twenty years hence. Civilizationand barbarism are contending, and the latter mustbe throttled forever. The public press is far belowthe feeling of the people all over the country, on thisquestion. Does the Post utter the sentiment of Massachusetts!Does the Courier speak the mind ofNew England! No! Post Courier So with the Administration, which admits itself tobe without a purpose, drifting along at the mercy ofevents. The wise man takes opportunity by the forelock,and makes events. Whatever the grade of advanceof the people, the Government is far behindthem. Lincoln is without a policy, while JeffersonDavis has one that is real and vigorous in actionhowever Satanic in character. makes Yet, let us not be discouraged, remembering the lawof degrees. Not all at once, step by step only, thepeople will come up, and the Government must ultimatelyfollow them. "The mill of God grinds slowly,but it grinds exceeding small." We should besustained by broad and cheerful views, working onwith steady perseverance for the accomplishment ifour great object. Garrison does not now speak aloneThe New York Tribune speaks with him. Many papersand many persons speak with him, and the circleis widening daily. After his thirty years of prosecutionand unpopularity, the nation finds itself compelledto move in his direction. Tribune Probably a year from this time will have decidedthe fate of this nation. Probably twelve months willbring us either the jubilee or a defeat. If the latterit can he but temporary. But we shall have, in eithercase, a sense of duty done to humanity and to God. we No true word, no grand deed, is ever lost. Thewords and deeds of John Brown will go down thepath of time as redeeming and strengthening influencesfor all succeeding nations; and whatever wemay do towards the freedom of the enslaved will inlike manner live and bear abundant fruit after us(Applause.) On motion of SAMUEL MAY, Jr. it was voted thathalf-past eleven be assigned for the consideration offinance. AMUEL AY It was also voted, on motion of Mr. May, that theCommittee on the Nomination of Officers be enlargedby the addition of George Miles of Westminster, andAlva a Howes of Barnstable. HENRY C. WRIGHT offered the following brief remarks,with the accompanying Resolutions, as a substitutefor a speech:— ENRY RIGHT HENRY C. WRIGHT. Mr. President, I want tomake a speech, but not in the usual way. I wouldmake it in the form of Resolutions. I do not offerthem with a view to have the meeting act upon thembut simply as expressive of my own thoughts andfeelings. I wrote them solely with reference to myown convictions, and not with any reference to theconvictions of the Society or the meeting. I willread the Resolutions, and if it is thought best to putupon record what I say, I wish then to be recordedas my speech:— ENRY RIGHT. Resolved, That we regard the preservation of libertyand the abolition of slavery as of more importance to thepeople of this and of all nations, than the preservation ofthe Constitution and Government of the United States, orof any other particular from of government. Resolved, That slavery is the foundation principle andanimating, and controlling spirit of the slaveholders' rebel. 
