 We quote below from the Worcester Spy the followingtimely, and no doubt just, piece of criticismupon Wendell Phillips's lecture. From the descriptiongiven of it, the philippic is the same which thispast favorite of the Spy, and of the other abolitionnewspapers, and of abolition gatherings in general,has delivered on repeated occasions recently. Thecharm of his oratory, however, now ceases to exerciseits wonted influence over even a Worcesteraudience. The reason is plain. The country isnow dealing with facts instead of theories, and withthose facts the speculations of Mr. Phillips are inconsistent,so that "his tone in reference to theGovernment was," as the Spy justly observes, "inall respect unfriendly." In a word, the good peopleof Worcester, who have been in the habit foryears of listening with delight to Mr. Phillips, whowere fed upon his diatribes and rolled his invectivesas a sweet morsel under the tongue, begin to feelthat this indulgence has betrayed them into a falseposition towards their country; and as they feelthis, "outward graces" and all the tricks or accomplishmentsof elocution pall upon the eye and theear—and, as the Spy now does, they call Spy Spy Spy Spy This is the natural course of things; and thechange which it exhibits is no less inevitable thangratifying. Mr. Phillips's lecture is no whit worsein the key-tone and animus of it, than Mr. Sumner's,at the Worcester Convention, early in October last,which was received by a majority of that body withsuch enthusiasm—but the times have changed, andmen's minds with them. The Spy cannot, whoever, forgive those who havealways seen and resisted by argument and expostulationthat course of fanatical abolitionism, whichhas brought our country to its present deplorablestate; and, accordingly, in the same sheet, in whichit disposes of Mr. Phillips so summarily, it usessome characteristically elegant language towards aBoston newspaper, the "organ and oracle," it wouldseem, of those who have felt the folly and guilt ofdestroying their country on professed philanthropicprinciples. It dreads the effect of the "memorial,"to Congress, sent forth by the Courier, and which ishaving so wide a circulation. It denounces Phillipsfor his logical deductions from "the negro question,"and assails the newspaper in question for takingmeans to induce Congress to let the negro alone.This is the Spy's article:— Spy Boston newspaper Courier Spy's "Wendell Phillips's lecture, last night, brought outa large audience at Mechanics Hall, thought not solarge as some we have had there on other occasions,this winter. He spoke of the war, a topic, he said,that should be the only one with every serious mindedAmerican. But the lecturer fell below his reputationfor eloquence. There was a lack of heartiness andgenerous enthusiasm. We have never heard himwhen his words had so little power to control thesympathy of his audience. There was no lack of the outward graces that havecontributed to give him his high position as an orator.The failure came from the clear, strong, and just convictionthat he was atrociously unjust to the men inwhose hands rests the control of our national affairs.The man who can so unhesitatingly denounce Mr.Seward as a 'Micawber,' and Mr. Lincoln as a manwho left his brains and conscience in Kentucky,'does not deserve to hear enthusiastic responses froman intelligent audience. His injustice was felt as onefeels the utterance of falsehood. Moreover, his vituperationwas ill-timed as well as misdirected. His tone in reference to the Government was in allrespects unfriendly. Looking at the rebels, he sawability, statesmanship, and other great and noblequalities, on account of which, he said, they deservesuccess; while in our Government he saw nothingbut imbecility and lack of everything that can meriteulogy. It is not thus that patriotic men deal by theGovernment at a time like this. It is the habit ofMr. Phillips to utter invectives, and in his mind, itmay be, they have less meaning than to those whohear them. This, however, cannot render such injusticeexcusable."—[Boston Courier. Boston Courier. 
