 MESSAGES FROM THE SUPERIOR STATE; communicatedby John Murray, through John M. Spear, in thesummer of 1852. Containing important instructionto the Inhabitants of the Earth. Carefully preparedfor publication, with a Sketch of the Author'searthly Life, and a brief description of the SpiritualExperience of the Medium. By S.C. HewittBoston: Bela March, 26 Cornhill—1852. pp. 167. ESSAGES FROM THE UPERIOR TATE This volume is dedicated 'to all lovers of noblethought, whose souls aspire to harmony and the joysof perfect life.' Its claims are extraordinary, and willgenerally be regarded as preposterous; but they areworthy of a candid investigation, as they belong to aclass of phenomena every where abounding, yet everywhere baffling satisfactory solution, marvellous in thehighest degree, and professedly emanating from the'spirit world.' Of the medium, in the present case,(JOHN M. SPEAR.) it is stated that he is a mediumfor writing, for speaking, and for healing—the lastgift 'seeming to be the leading power with which heis endowed.' Various interesting particulars are givenof his having been sent, by direction of friendlyspirits, to places and persons unknown, and for whatpurpose equally unknown to himself until the sequelrevealed it; which was, to alleviate the pain oncure the disease of this or that invalid—in every instance,with surprising success. On his part, in everysuch ease, there is an entire passiveness:— OHN PEAR. passiveness 'There is not even any previous knowledge or conceptionof what is to be done. There is generally astrong impression on the mind—consciously felt to beforeign to himself; and a slow and gradual movementof the hand (which is always paralyzed and cold) towardsthe seat of the disease. It is a remarkable factthat, with very few exceptions, [only one is given,]the hand of Mr. Spear always finds the exact localityof the trouble,—just as welt without his previousknowledge as with it. If one has a severe headache,which is the result of a derangement of the stomach,the hand goes directly to the latter, instead of thehead. If the pain, and the origin of it, have one locality,that place the hand surely finds, and there itoperates by a superior and efficacious power.' . . 'Itis, at present, a somewhat every-day affair for him togreatly relieve, if not wholly cure, those who corns tohim, and those to whom he is sent.' A statement is made by our friend A.J. GROVER, asto his own diseased condition and remarkable cure byMr. Spear, which we are able to authenticate. ROVER Subsequently, though having no taste or skill inthat direction, his hand was seized and used, by aninvisible operator, to make a diagram of the humanbody; first, the hand—next, the sole of the foot—thena side view of the foot and leg. up to the knee—and,finally, other parts of the body—accompaniedwith 'beautiful, appropriate and significant mottoes.'Afterwards, Mr. Spear  found himself drawing verysingular and sometimes beautiful diagrams of thingswhich he, and probably BO one else on earth ever sawor heard of before. Some sixteen of these were executed,at intervals, in the course of a few weeks.'Some of these diagrams we have seen, sad they arevery curious, we mast confess—such as Mr. Spear,by his own skill, could not have designed or executed.  Mr. Spear has received various communication ostensiblyfrom the upper sphere, to the last of whichten spirits signed their names, each in a differenthandwriting. Among the names thus appended wereBenjamin Rush, Roger Sherman, John Howard, JohnMurray, Thomas Jefferson, Benjamin Franklin , andother person of note, who once lived in this mortal state.. We are further told, that some three months agowhile Mr. Spear was engaged in drawing the wouldJOHN MURRAY, the founder of the Universitydenomination in this country, introduced himself ina very marked and prominent way, through anothermedium; and informed him that the drawings would,thereafter. , and that he would give him alengthy communication. Since that time, his handhas not been moved for the execution of any morepictures. Very soon after the above interview, thefollowing was written by Mr. Spear's hand, in theusual way:— OHN URRAY  'I will teach to-day, at three o'clock. Evena reporter present, that the words I speak may becarefully recorded. JOHN MURRAY OHN URRAY At the appointed time, in company with severalfriends, Mr. Spear became seated in his chamber, aphonographic reporter having been engaged to reportwhat might be said. The message delivered onthat occasion was the beginning of the twelve whichare published in this volume. They are excellent inspirit, and treat upon the following subjects:—Fatherhood of God and Brotherhood of Man: The Life ofJesus and the Death of Man: Life of the Spirit afterDeath; Things soon to take place: Religion and theTeachers; Charitable Institutions; Bondage, Equity,and Spiritual Thought-Reading: Righteousness;Hidden Things Revealed; the New Teachers. E.V.far these resemble the discourses of Murray, when hewas in the flesh, we cannot judge, not having readany of the latter. This volume contains an interesting sketh of themortal life of John Murray, and also a well-extrudedportrait of that eminent man. Altogether, it is wellcalculated to excite curiosity and stimulate inquiryMr. Spear is too well known for his philanthropiclabors and upright lift to need as to certify, that webelieve him to be incapable of intentional deceptionin a case like this. 
