 Another revered friend, whom it was our happinessto greet at Kennett, was RUTH DUGDALE, the motherof JOSEPH, and long an accredited minister of the Societyof Friends. She was present at the memorabledivision of the American Anti-Slavery Society, atNew York, in 1840, (caused by sectarian and clericalinfluences,') having been one of a company offaithful abolitionists, who rode all the way from Ohioin an open vehicle, called 'THE LIBERATOR,' in orderto prevent the betrayal of the Society into the handsof those whose love of supremacy was paramount totheir sympathy for the slave, and whose abolitionismwas subordinated to their sectarianism. She is remarkablefor her strength and clearness of mind, herinteresting conversational powers, her benign anddignified carriage, and her motherly qualities. UTH UGDALE OSEPH HE IBERATOR Bidding a reluctant adieu to our Kennett friends,we returned to Philadelphia by the way of WestCheater, having been conveyed to the latter place byour very intelligent, kind and attentive friend, JACOBPIERCE, where we were hospitably entertained by SIMONBERNARD, a faithful abolitionist, and much respectedfor his sterling Integrity of character. Insanitymust be greatly in the ascendant in the community,when such a man is stigmatized as a fanatic. ACOB IERCE IMON ERNARD From Philadelphia, we proceeded to Norristown,to fulfill an appointment made at the annual meeting.The evening for the delivery of the lecture happenedto be the one preceding the day of the Presidentialelection, and therefore highly unpropitious for a calmand candid hearing. The state of the weather, moreover,was extremely adverse—dark, rainy and muddy.In addition to this, the Whigs of the borough made alast convulsive effort, by a public gathering and declamatoryspeech-making, to secure a local victory.But the floor of the spacious Baptist meeting-house,in spite of all these drawbacks, was nearly filled by avery intelligent and respectable audience, who listenedto our exposition and defence of the principles andmeasures of the American Anti-Slavery Society withgratifying attention. Our thanks are due to JACOBPAXSON for his kind hospitality extended to us on thisas well as on various other occasions. ACOB AXSON On the evening of our return to Philadelphia, wehad the pleasure of seeing some thirty or forty of themembers of the Ladies' Anti-Slavery Sewing Circle,at the residence of JAMES and LUCRETIA MOTT, industriouslyat work for the Bazaar; and also the privilegeof addressing an immense assemblage of thecolored citizens, convened expressly to hear us in theBethel Church. The number present took us by surprise,and made a truly imposing demonstration.Their appearance, on the score of intelligence, demeanorand apparel, would be creditable to any whiteassembly in the land, and gave the lie, in the mostconclusive manner, to the oft-repeated assertion oftheir enemies, that their condition is one of greaterwretchedness than that of the slave population.—Thoughthey have had little to encourage, and almostevery thing to depress them, they have done much fortheir intellectual, moral and social elevation, and aresteadily rising in the scale of civilization. To comparethem with the slaves of the South is an outrageupon common sense; and to represent them as moredegraded is to exhibit an infernally malicious spirit.Whatever may be the condition of the free coloredpopulation in all the great cities, it is next to a miraclethat it is not incomparably worse; and it is notfor those whites who have done what in them lies tomake it degraded and wretched in the extreme, tofind in it a justification of slaveholding. AMES UCRETIA OTT Our reception was such as we have never failed tomeet with at the hands of a colored audience. BishopPayne, in an address marked by much literary ability,gratefully acknowledged the indebtedness of the coloredpopulation of this country, both bond and free,for oar humble labors in their behalf, and cordiallyextended to us the right hand or fellowship as theiruncompromising advocate. It was ample compensationfor all that we have been called to experienceduring the last twenty-two years. For more than anhour and a half, we had the unbroken attention ofthat great assembly, while we reviewed the progressof the anti-slavery cause from the time we espousedit to the present year, and demonstrated the fidelity ofthe abolitionists to their principles—showing that theyhad no steps to retrace, but were invulnerable in theposition they occupy, whither relating to Church orState—the religion or polities of the country. At theclose, many a friendly hand gave ours a warm grasp,and many a benediction was invoked upon our head. The next day we went to Byberry, in Bucks county,in company with our much respected and veryfaithful friend ROBERT PURVIS, where, under his hospitableroof, we received such a welcome as only thewarmest affection can give. He has a farm of onehundred and forty acres, level as the surface of theocean in a calm, fertile and well-cared for; and someof the finest stock in the Commonwealth, having repeatedlyobtained the highest premium at the variouscattle shows in that region, notwithstanding the popularprejudice against a colored complexion. Hishealth is extremely delicate, which incapacitates himfrom executing what otherwise it would be his pastimeto achieve. His wife is a daughter of the latecelebrated and justly venerated colored sail-maker ofPhiladelphia, JAMES FORTEN, who was as perfect agentleman and as worthy a arisen as ever trod uponthe American soil. In her features, and the amiabilityof her spirit, she strongly resembles her father.They have a lovely family of children, bet last yearmet with a heavy bereavement in the loss of theireldest boy, who was a youth of extraordinary promise. OBERT URVIS AMES ORTEN In the evening, a large circle of anti-slavery friendscame together from various sections of the neighborhood,and time flew rapidly in the joyous interchangeof thought and feeling that then took place. Suchgatherings are never to be forgotten. Travel whereyou may, abolitionists are characterized by intellectualand moral strength, strong affection, a world-embracingsympathy, an anti—sectarian spirit, and racemoral courage. The next morning, it was extremely gratifying tofind ourselves, in compliance with an invitation previouslygiven, once more at the breakfast-table of ouresteemed friend, CTRUS PIERCE, where we passed anhour very pleasantly and profitably;—after which,being greatly pressed for time to meet other engagements,Mr. and Mrs. Purvis took us in their carriageto Wrightstown, accompanied by our friend J.N.Buffum of Lynn, to the charming residence of theChapman family, where we were entertained (withmany others) in a manner which mast make us lifelongdebtors to its worthy occupants. There, too, wehad the pleasure of meeting with a numerous circleof highly intelligent coadjutors in the anti-slaverycause, who participated m the reined and eleganthospitality of the occasion; and there we desire againto find ourselves, as soon as practicable, and shall endeavorto realize that desire if we are permitted tomake another VISIT TO PENNSYLVANIA. TRUS IERCE ENNSYLVANIA. Uncle Tom's Casts in Ruins! Triumphant Defenceof Slavery! In a Series of Letters to HarrietBeecher Stowe. By Nicholas Brimlecomb, Esq.Boston: Charles Waite— 1853. pp. 152. This is an extremely 'clever' work, in the Englishuse of that term. Whoever is the author of it,(and he is as anonymous to us as to the public,) heshows himself to be well 'posted up' in regard to thevarious pleas sad subterfuges to which the taskmastersof the South resort in vindication of the slavesystem, with all its adjuncts and incidents. Thoughhe writes la a strain of the keenest irony, he does themost ample justice to the Southern mode of rebuttingthe charges of the abolitionists. Taking for histext the law of South Carolina, 'Slaves shall bedeemed, sold, taken, reputed, and judged in law to beCHATTELS PERSONAL in the hands or their owners andpossessors, and their executors, administrators, andassigns, to all intents, constructions, and purposeswhatever,' he proceeds to show, with feigned gravity,but with entire consistency and true slaveholding directness,that 'the traffic in niggers is as honorable aprofession as the traffic in horned cattle at the North';that slave merchants are net only extremely useful,but quite indispensable, and therefore that Mr. Haleywas lawfully and honorably engaged while bargainingwith Mr. Shelby for Elisa and her child; that Haleywas perfectly justified in seeking to capture themafter their flight, they being his property; that Mrs.Shelby ought to have been ashamed of her disgracefulconduct in conniving, as she did in the most barefacedmanner, at the escape of Bliss, and at the contrivancesfor delaying the chase after the fugitives;that though it is possible that niggers may have souls,yet the law of the land knows them only as sheep ora pigs—articles to be owned and need precisely as theowner sees fit—and therefore it is absurd to raise anoutcry if they are hunted down when they attempt toescape, or carried back to their owners whenevercaught; that, 'under the laws and government ofthis nation, there is no more respectable and honestprofession in the country than that to which MessrsLoker and Marks had devoted themselves'; that, 'onhe conceded and immutable principle, that niggersare lawful property, all the parts and features of slaverypresent but one beautiful system of consistency';that it is only fanatical people who are forever recognizingniggers as persons, instead of as cattle,—as havingsome of the rights of human beings, instead of ashaving no more rights than pigs; that, as to cows,pigs, niggers, 'what is the difference, in the eye ofthe law,—in the eye of this nation,—between thethree?' consequently, had Mrs. Stowe' kept this greatand precious truth in view, it would Lave saved herall the trouble of writing such a foolish and scandalousbook as the she written; and were all partiesto keep this same truth in sight, then would all agitationcease on the subject of slavery,—cursed abolitionismwould die out instanter,—peace would supervene,—thefugitive law would become a finality,— slaverywould progress and triumph,—all the nationwould fly with alacrity and obedience to yield to itsdemands, and the land would be filled with the knowledgeand blessings of slavery, as the waters cover theface of the vasty deep.' Haley Shelby Haley Shelby Loker and Marks Stowe Exactly so! From premise to conclusion, there isno flaw in the logic of this volume, which is the logicof the slaveholders and their abettors, fairly statedand in plain English. If the slave is a man, thenGod has endowed him with the same inalienable rightsthat belong to every other man; then he cannot be theproperty of another; then it follows that the entireslave system ought to be east into the bottomless pit.If the slave is not a man, then it is right to own him,buy him, sell him, work him without wages, hunt andretake him, deprive him of the Bible and the marriagescovenant, keep him in total ignorance; or, (again toquote the slaveholding statute,) to 'deem, sell, takerepute and adjudge him in law to be a chattel personal,to all intents, constructions, and purposes whatsoever.' The work we are noticing concludes, in the trueSouthern vein, as follows:— 'The golden rule has been alleged as irreconcilablewith slavery; and we slaveholders are tauntinglyasked, whether we would be willing to be treated aswe treat our slaves. Our answer is, No!—and neitherwould we be willing to he treated as we treat outhorses. Yet no one pretends to find fault with us forthe way we manage this species of cattle. Why, thenblame us for our treatment of our niggers?' A wide and rapid sale for 'Uncle Tom's Cabin inRuins,' which will help to prostrate every slave cabinin the land, and to hasten the day when every fetteshall be broken! 
