 The following are specimens of a score of lettersostentatiously published in that villanous sheet, theJournal of Commerce, relating to the Lemmon case: NEW YORK, Nov. 19, 1852. EW ORK To the Editors of the Journal of Comment: To the Editors of the Journal of Comment DEAR SIRS:—Inclosed you hare thirty dollars($90) towards the Lemmon Fund. EAR IRS Lemmon Fund. The decision of Judge Paine may be legal, but itdoes not carry out the spirit of the Constitution ofthe United States, out that of EQUITY. NEW YORK, Nov. 20,1852. EW ORK Measrs. Hallock, Butler &Hale: Measrs. Hallock, Butler &Hale GENTLEMEN:—Please apply to the 'Lemmon IndemnityFund' too inclosed amount, fifty dollars($50). Believing with many of your correspondentsthat Mr. Lemmon has been robbed of his propertyby trickery and the format of law, ENTLEMEN Yours truly, STEWART, GREER &CO. WESTCHESTER, Nov.20,1852. ESTCHESTER Messrs. Henrys Smith &Townsend: Messrs. Henrys Smith &Townsend GENTLEMAN:—Inclosed I hand you my chock for$25 towards the 'Lemmon Indemnity Fund.' I amanxious for one, to add my mite to repair a gross injurydone a fellow-citizen. ENTLEMAN Respectfully yours, H. LEROY NEWBOLD Two Sermons preached before the Twenty—EighthCongregational Society in Boston, on die 14th and21st of Nov., 1852, on leaving their old and enteringa new place of worship. By THEODORS PARKER,Minister of that Society. Phonographically reportedby Rufus Leighton. Boston: Crosby, Nicholsand Co., 111 Washington street—1853. HEODORS ARKER The first of these Sermons is a comprehensivesurvey of Mr. Parker's pastoral career in Boston,from the period (January 22, 1845) when, at a meetingof gentlemen Boston, it was 'Resolved, Thatthe Rev. Theodore Parker ah all have a chance to beheard in Boston,' down to the present time. Thetext is the manly declaration of Paul, 'I have notshunned to declare unto you all the counsel of God.'In this Sermon, Mr. Parker states his schema of theology,in a very comprehensive manner. The subject of the second Sermon is—' Of the Positionand Duty of s Minister.' We give below theconcluding portion of it:— The churches decline. All over New Englandthey decline. They cannot draw the rich, nor drivethe poor, as once they did of old. Why is it so?They have an idea which is behind the age; a theologythat did very well for the seventeenth century,but is feeble in the nineteenth. Their science isnot good science; you must take it on faith, notknowledge; it does not represent a fact. Their historyis not good history; it does not represent man,but old dreams of miracles. They have an idea ofGod which is not adequate to the purposes of scienceor philanthropy, and yet more valueless for thepurposes of piety. Hence men of science turn offwith contempt from the God of the popular theology;the philanthropists can only loathe a Deity whodooms mankind to torture. And will you ask deeplypious men to love the popular idea of God?Here are in Boston a hundred ministers: you wouldhardly know it, except by the calendar. Many ofthem are good, kind, well—conducted, well—manneredmen, with rather less than the average of selfishness,and rather more than the average of charity. Buthow little do they bring to pass! Drunkennessreels through all the streets, and shakes their pulpit;the Bible rocks; but they have nothing to say,though it rock over. The kidnapper seizes his prey,and they have excuses for the stealer of men, butcannot put up a prayer for his victim; nay, woulddrive the fugitive from their own door. What is thereason? Blame them not. They are ordained toappease the wrath of God, to administer salvation inwine or water, to communicate and explain a miraculousrevelation. They do not think that religion ispiety and morality: it is belief in the Scriptures;compliance with the ritual. This is the causewhich paralyzes the churches of New England andall the North. The clergy are better than their,creed. But who can work well with a poor tool? Well, my friends, it is to this pulpit that I havecome. This is my function, such are my means.—Therewas never such a time for preaching as thisnineteenth century,—so full of vigor, enterprise, activity;so full of hardy—headed men. There wasnever such a time to speak in, such a people tospeak to. In no country could I have so fair 'achance to be beard' as you have given me. There is nothing between me and my God; onlymy folly, my prejudice, my pride, my passion, andmy sin. I may get all of truth, of justice, of love, offaith in God, which the dear Father hue treasured upfor eternity, age after age. 'Fear not, my son,' saysthe Father: 'thou shalt have whatsoever thou causttake.' And there is nothing betwixt me and the twenty—threemillions of America, or the two hundredand sixty millions of Christendom; nothing but mycowardice, my folly, my selfishness, and my sin; mypoverty of spirit, and my poverty of speech. I amfree to speak, you are free to hear; to gather thegood into vessels, and cast the bad away. If oldchurches do not suit us, there is all the continent tobuild new ones on, all the firmament to build into.A good word flies swift and far. There is attractionfor it in human hearts. Truth, justice, religion,and humanity,—how we all love them! Everydaygives witness how dear they are to the hungry heartof man? Able men make a wicked statute, wickedjudges violate the Constitution, and defile the greatcharter of human liberty with ungodly hoofs;but very seldom can they get the statute executed.'Keep it,' says the Priest:' there is no Higher Law!'The preaching cornea to nothing; but—a modest womanwrites a little book—a great book: pardon mefor calling it a little book—showing the wickednessof the law which men aim to enforce, and in thricethree months there are four hundred thousand copiesof it in the bosom of the American and the BritishEngland; and it has become a flame in the heart ofChristendom that will not pass away. Tell me of the foolish new of preaching! I haveno confidence in foolish preaching; but I havean unbounded confidence in wise preaching, —inpreaching truth, justice, holiness, and love; inpreaching natural piety and natural morality. Onlylet the minister have a true idea of God such as menneed, and of religion such as we want, and therewas never such a time for preaching, for religiouspower. Let me pray the people's prayer of righteousness,of faith in man, in God, and I have no fearthat the devil shall execute his 'Lower Law.' There was never such a nation to preach to. Lookat the vigor of America; only in her third centuryyet, and there are three and twenty millions of us inthe family, and such a homestead as never lay out ofdoors before. Look at her riches,—her corn, cattle,houses, shops, factories, ships, towns; her freedomhere at the North,—at the South it is not America:it is Turkey in Asia moved over. Look at the schools,colleges, libraries, lyceums. The world never sawsuch a population; so rich, vigorous, well—educated,so fearless, so free, and yet so young. I know Americavery well. I know her faults: I nave never sparedthem, and never will. I have great faith in America;in the ideal of our government,—a government of allthe people, by all the people, for all the people; agovernment to serve the unalienable rights of man;a government according to the law of God, and Hisconstitution of the universe. To the power of numbers,of money, of industry, and invention, I will askthe nation to add the power of justice, of love, offaith in God and in the natural law of God. Thenwe might surpass the other nations, not only invulgar numbers and vulgar gold, but in righteousnesswhich the good God asks of us. I have confidencein America. I do not believe that AmericanDemocracy is always to be Satanic, and never celestial.I do not believe in the Democracy that swearsand swaggers, that invades Mexico and Cuba, andmocks at every 'Higher Law' which is above thepassions of the mob. I know America better. TheDemocracy of the New Testament, of the Lord'sPrayer, 'Forgive as we forgive;' the Democracy ofthe Beatitudes,—that shall one day be a 'kingdomcome.' I hive confidence in America, because Ihave confidence in man and confidence in God; forHe knew what He did when He made the world, andmade human nature sufficient for human history andits own salvation. I say I have great faith in preaching; faith that areligious sentiment, a religious idea, will revolutionizethe world to beauty, holiness, peace, and love.Pardon me, my friends, if I say I have faith in myown preaching; faith that even I shall not speak invain. You have taught me that. You have taughtme to have a good deal of faith in my own preaching;for it is your love of the idea which I have setbefore you, that baa brought yon together week afterweek, and now it has come to be year after year,in the midst of evil report—it was never good report.It was not your love for me: I am glad it wasnot. It was your love for my idea of man, of God,and of religion. I have faith in preaching, and youhave given mo reason to have that faith. I well know the difficulty in the way of the religiousdevelopment of America, of New England,of Boston. Look around, and see what blocks thewheels forward; how strong unrighteousness appears;how old it is, how ancient and honorable.But I am too old to be scared. I have seen too muchever to despair. The history of the world,—why,it is the story of the perpetual triumph of truth overerror, of justice over wrong, of love against hate, offaith in God victorious over every thing which resistshis law. Is there no lesson in the life of thatdear and crucified one? Eighteen hundred yearsago, his voice began to cry to us; and now it hasgot the ear of the world. Each Christian sect hassome troth the others have not; all have earnest andholy—hearted meet, sectarian in their creed, hot catholicin character, waiting for the consolation, andseeking to be men. I may have an easy life,—I should like it verywell: a good reputation,—it would be quite delight—ful.I love the praise of men,—perhaps no man better.But I may have a hard life, a bad name insociety, in the state, and a hateful name in all thechurches of Christendom. My brothers and sisters,that is a very small thing to me, compared with theglorious gladness of telling men the whole truth,and the whole justice, and the whole love of religion.Before me pass the whirlwind of society, the earthquakeof the state, and the fire of the church; butthrough the storm, and the earthquake's crash, andthe hiss of the fire, there comes the still small voiceof reason, of conscience, of love, and of faith; andthat is the voice of God. Those things shall perish,but this shall endure when the heavens have faded,as these poor flowers shall vanish away. I am astonished, my friends, that men come to hearme speak; not at all amazed at the evil name whichattends roe everywhere. I am much more astonishedthat you came, and still come, and will not believesuch evil things. In the dark ball which weleft but a week ago, which has now become a brilliantspot in my memory, all the elements wereagainst us: here they are in our favor. Here is clearair in our mouths, here is beauty about us on everyside. The sacrament is administered to our eyes:O God, that I could administer such a sacrament ofbeauty also to your ear, and through it to roar heart! Bear with me and pardon me when I say that Ifear that, of the many persona whom curiosity hasbrought hither to-day to behold the beauty of thesewalls, I cannot expect to gather more than a handfulin my arms. Standing in this large expanse, withthis crowd on every side, around and above me I feelmy weakness more than I have felt it ever before.If my word can reach a few earnest and holy hearts,and appear in their lives, then I thank my God thatthe word has come to me, and will try not to be faithless,but to be true. I know my imperfections, my follies, my faults, mysins; how slenderly I am furnished for the functionsI assume. You do not ask that I should preach toyou of that You would all rather that I shouldpreach thereof to myself, when there is no presencebut the Unslumbering Eye which searches the heartof man. If you lend me your ears, I shall doubtless takeyour hearts too. That I may not lead yon into anywrong, let me warn you of this. Never violate thesacredness of your individual self-respect. Be trueto your own mind and conscience, your heart andyour soul. So only can you be true to God. You and I may perish. Temptation, which hasbeen too strong for thousands of stronger men, maybe too great for me; I may prove false to my ownidea of religion and of duty; the gold of commercemay buy me, as it has bought richer men; the loveof the praise of men may seduce me; or the fear ofmen may deter my coward voice, and I may be sweptoff in the earthquake, in the storm, or in the fire, andprove false to that still small voice. If it shall everbe so, still the great ideas which I have set forth, ofman, of God, of religion,—they will endure, andone day will be 'a flame in the heart of all mankind.'To-day! why, my friends, eternity is allaround to-day, and we can step but towards that. Atruth of the mind, of the conscience, of the heart,or the soul,—it is the will of God; and the omnipotenceof God is pledged for the achievement of thatwill. Eternity is the life—time of Truth. As theforces of matter, of necessity, obey the laws ofgravitation; so the forces of man must, consciouslyand by our volition, obey the infinite will of God.Out of this absolute religion, which I so dimly see,—and it is only the dimness of the beginning oftwilight which I see, and which I dimly preach,—thereshall rise up one day men with the intellect ofan Aristotle and the heart of a Jesus, and with thebeauty of life which belongs to man; there shallrise up full-grown and manly men, womanly women,attaining the loveliness of their estate; there shallbe families, communities, and nations, ay, and agreat world also, wherein the will of God is the law,and the children of God have come of age and takenpossession. God's thought must be a human thing,and the religion of human nature get incarnated inmen, families, communities, nations, and the world. Can you and I do any thing for that? Each of uscan take this great idea, and change it into daily life.That is the religion which God asks, the sacramentin which He communes, the sacrifice which He accepts. 
