 The people of-the United States have decreedjustice; the Almighty has answered than with victory.(Applause.) Month after month we havestruggled with rebellion in arms; month after month,through more than two years of war, have waitedfor decisive victory in the East. In vain! Way?We had wealth and strength, numbers and power,intellect and energy, in the North. No one questionthe heroism of the men we have sent into thefield; men represented by that one who, left dyingon a battle field of the West, was asked by a friend,"Do you regret?" answered, "No; I—we all arewilling that our bodies should form the bridges andladders, that the coming thousands any cross andmount, to plant their victorious banners on the shatteredcitadel and conquered wall; "and so died. Noone question the heroism of these men, sent by theNorth to martyrdom. We were unselfish, too thosewho stayed gave freely of treasure, as those whowent of life. We had culture to put against, theirignorance; schools against rum-shops; churchesagainst race-courses; the brain of New Englandagainst the degradation of South Carolina. Wehave twenty millions against eight millions. Wefailed. The South gained battles, won victories,trampled our banners in the dust, demanded andreceived from the world the recognition of the courageand determination of her soldiers. Yet, to-night, we are rejoicing over a victorywhich wipes off all old scores of the army of thePotomac. (Cheers.) This South, triumphantthrough the hatred which is genius; which in itsstrength reminds one of the story of an old Scotchking, who, seeing a great robber, with his splendidsurroundings and the equipments of his band, turnedto a knight, saying," What lacks that knave a kingshould have?" Sires" was the answer, "right andlegitimacy." So this South, chiefly victorious throughall this terrible conflict, aided by all despotisms, almostrecognized by the governments of the earth—what has it needed that beseems a nation? It hasneeded the corner-stone of justice and the foundationof liberty. To-night, with its walls rocking toand fro, its supporters are flying from Gettysburg,with its ruins failing on their heads. (Applause.)The North stands triumphant, because the peoplehave clambered up to the stand-point of freedom,and from thence have hurled their rissoles on theadvancing hosts of despotism. The President'sthreatened proclamation of September 22d, 1862—the actual proclamation of January 1st. 1863, hashad the stamp and zeal of everlasting endurance setto it by the people, in the Mass. 54tn and 55th, andthe Pennsylvania 3d United States Colored Volunteers.(Long continued applause.) people True, through the past we have advocated theuse of the black man. For what end? To saveourselves. We wanted them as shields, as barriers,as walls of defence. We would not even say tothem, "Fight beside us." We would put them inthe front; their brains contracted,, their soulsdwarfed, their manhood stunted; mass them together;let them die! That will cover and protectus. Now we hear the voice of the people, solemnand sorrowful, saying, "We have wronged youenough; you have suffered enough; we ask no moreat your hands; we stand aside, and let you fight foryour own manhood, your future, your race."(Applause.)Anglo-Africans, we need yon; yet it isnot because of this need that I ask you to go intothe ranks of the regiments forming, to fight in thiswar. My cheeks would crimson with shame, whilemy lips put the request that could be answered,"Your soldiers? Why don't you give us the samebounty, and the same pay as the rest?" I have noreply to that. (Sensation.) beside front; that. But for yourselves; because, after ages of watchingand agony, your day is breaking; because yourhour is come; because you hold the hammer which,upheld or falling, decides your destiny for was orweal; because you have reached the point fromwhich you must sink, generation after generation,century after century, into deeper depths, into moreabsolute degradation; or mount to the heights ofglory and of fame. The cause needs you. This is not our war, not awar for territory; not a war for martial power, formore victory; it is a war of the races, of the ages.The stars and stripes is the people's flag of the world;The world must be gathered under its folds, the blackman beside the white. (Cheers and applause.) Thirteen dollars a month and bounty are good;liberty is better. Ten dollars a month and no bountyare bad; slavery is worse. The two alternatives areput before you? you make your own future. Thepeople will, in a little white, do you justice. Soldierswill be proud to welcome as comrades, asbrothers, the black men of Port Hudson and Miliken'sBend. Congress, next winter, will look outthrough the fog and mist of Washington, and willsee how, when Pennsylvania was invaded and Philadelphiathreatened, while white men haggled overbounty and double pay to defend their own city,their own homes, with the tread of armed rebels almostheard in their streets; black man, withoutbounty, without, pay without rights or the promiseof any rushed to the beleaguered capital, and werefirst in their offers of life or of death. (Cheers andapplause.) Congress will say, "These man are soldiers;we will pag them as such; these men are marvelsof loyalty, self-sacrifice, courage; we will givethem a chance of promotion." History will write,"Behold the unselfish heroes; the anger martyrs ofthis war!" (Applause.) You hesitate because youhave not all. Your brothers and sisters of the Southcry out, "Come to our help, we have nothing."Father! you hesitate to send your buy to death; theslave father turns his face of dumb of treaty to you,to save his boy from the death in life; the bandagethat crushes soul and body together. Shall yourson go to his aid? Mother! you look with  atthe young manly face and figure, growing andstrengthening beside you! he is yours! your own!God gave him to you. From the  heartsthe wrong souls of other mothers, comes the well,"My child, my child give me back my child!" Theslave-master heeds not; the government in tardyMother! the prayer comes in you; will you father! anger   Young man! rejoicing in the hope, the courage,the will the thews and  of young method—the red glare of this war falls on the faces and figuresof other young men, directed with suffering,writhing in agency, their m andchoice—shouting with  to you forhelp—shall is be without?      The slave will be freed—with or without you.The conscience and heart of the people  decreedthat. (Applause.)  the  the wa to are but types of that fully w stands up, and to this  of opinion, "Thus f"The black men will be a  only his his right to it in his blood. New or never I you haveset  I—gain th. You have not liberty I— it. You have  You havenot a race who  saved onefor another. ()                     
