 Clement L. Vallandigham, whom the CopperheadDemocracy of Ohio have nominated for Governor,and whom the president is brought by acommittee from Ohio to release from exile, is themen who, after the inauguration of the present Rebellion,proposed in Congress to so; ascend the Constitutionas to legalize secession, and perpetuate thedomination of the slaveholding class in the Government.The following is a brief synopsis of his iniquitousscheme, which may be found in full in theCongressional Globe of Feb. 7th, 1861:— after the inauguration of the present Rebellion Congressional Globe " The United States are to be divided into four sections,One constituting of the States of Maine, NewHampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island,Connectionist, New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania,to be known as the North; One consisting of theStates of Ohio, Indians, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin,Minnesota and Kansas, to be known as the West; theStates of Oregon, California, and all the new Statesevicted out of territory south of 86 deg. 30 min., andcast of the Ricky Mountains to be known as the Pacific.The States of Delaware, Maryland, Virginia,North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida,Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas,Tennessee, Kentucky and Missouri, so constitute anothersection, to be known as the South. On demandof one-third of the Senators of any one of the sectionson any bill, order, resolution or vote,. . .a vote shall be land by sections, and a majority of theSenators of each section voting shall be necessary tothe passage of such till," die. A majority of all theElectors in each of the four sections were to be necessaryto the election of the President and Vice President,thus giving to a part of the voters of one section onlythe power to prevent a choice. The President andVice President were to hold their officer six yours. majority A majority of all theElectors in each of the four sections were to be necessary to hold their officer six yours. Article XIV. provides that any State may with the consent of the Legislatures of all States of viewsection to which the State proposing to secede belongs.This provision is palpably in the interest of the rebels,allowing, as it would, the secession of the whole Southin a body, but refusing the privilege to a single Stateto secede from its section."  We cavy not the intelligence or discernment ofany many who can examine the above scheme, andnot be convinced that its author is a traitor to hiscountry; or the loyalty of any man, who, beingthus convinced, can support him for Governor ofOhio. Loyal Democrats, ponder it well. Mr. Vallandigham claims to be a National Democrat.His friends have always professed to be horrifiedat the idea of sectional parties, or sectionalismof any kind. But here is a scheme founded on themost arrest sectionalism, and the sole end and objectof which is to make sectionalism constitutional.By its adoption, a majority in one section of theUnion would be enabled to control the policy orblock the wheels of the Government; and, as thereare no radical differences in sentiment or interestbetween the sections, save such as arise from the slaveryof the South, it can be regarded only as ascheme to render the power of the slaveholder absoluteand perpetual. It was for this purpose, and no other,that Mr. Vallandigham, at a time when the work ofsecession has been begun, sought to lay his sacrilegioushands on the Constitution of our fathers. Wasit by such means that he hoped to preserve "theConstitution as it is," and restore "the Union as itwas"? And does any man suppose that, with theknowledge of his scheme of dismemberment, be canvote to elevate him to the Guberustorial repairOhio, and yet be faithful to either?s scheme to render the power of the slaveholder absoluteand perpetual. as it is as itwas and yet be faithful to either It will not do to dismiss this subject with the assertionthat Mr. Vallandigham is misrepresented orfalsified by his political enemies. He must, therefore,conclude that, in framing important amendments tothe organize law of the country, be would was no idleor ambiguous words. He has used none. Therestands the record, and, however plausible may behis professions, it is impossible to misunderstand it.—Jeffersonian Democrat. Jeffersonian Democrat. 
