 It is to the credit of human nature that greatwickedness seems always incredible. The columnsof the daily papers have been crowded for six dayswith the atrocious cruelties and the savage excessesof the last week—cruelties and excesses unexampledin the history of riots, with the exception, possibly,of those of the first French Revolution—and yetthe people find it hard to believe that these are notgross exaggerations. The Northern American character,modified and enervated by half a century ofpeace and prosperity, cannot be made to comprehendthat low type of the race which has been producedin another country by the combined influenceof a faith that first enchains and then darkens thehuman mind, a tyrannical government, the mostabject poverty, and a vicious system of in-and-inbreeding. The result has been a creature with allthe brutal passions and instincts' of man in the firstsavage state, with some vague intelligence of thematerial strength of civilization and power to use it,but without any of the higher intellectual and moralqualities which belong to the age. It is this class,made fat and strong upon American food, and licentiousunder American liberty, that broke all boundsten days ago, and committed deeds of cruelty overwhich a Sioux would have screamed with delight.But why they should have broken bounds, why theyshould have thus suddenly defied the restraints oflaw at this particular moment, is the question thatreally needs to be answered, and the only rationalsolution of which people are even slower to acceptthan the relations of the shocking inhumanity of therioters. Nevertheless, the truth must be told fearlessly,and well for the people if they believe it inseason. The riots of last week were not the mere passionateoutbreak of a popular discontent, but the firstact of an attempted revolution. The rioters themselveshave been excited by the Copperhead pressand Copperhead speeches, and still more by diligentand numerous emissaries visiting the haunts of vice,by discontent with the draft, and by that appealwhich never fails with the vicious—the hatred of therich. They only knew that at a certain time theywere to rise—it might be on one pretext, it might beon another, but the draft was a convenient one at thismoment. It was, of course, impossible to fix a limitto their excess, or to confine the torrent of theirunbridled lust to a single channel. The first pointwas to create a riot, and to control it afterwards, ifpossible, into an organized revolution. We are not, we beg our readers to understand,building up a theory or indulging in conjecturesfrom which to draw plausible deductions. We aredealing in facts. The draft was a pretext for theriot; the riot was intended by the Peace party as aNorthern revolution which should overthrow theGovernment, overawe the North, and compel it toaccept such terms of peace from Jeff. Davis as he,under such circumstances, would consent to give us. Go back to the moment when Lee moved from theRappahannock. The rebels knew better than wedid that Vicksburg and Port Hudson could hold outbut a little longer; that Bragg must fall back beforeRosecrans, incapable of doing anything betterthan escape and disperse, if that should be possible;that Charleston would probably be ours on thefirst vigorous attack; that Mobile must soon follow;and that, all these events accomplished, for which afew weeks only were needed, the Southern rebellionwould no longer have an existence, except inLee's army. Some great, bold stroke alone couldsave the Confederacy, and if its Northern friendswere ever to help it, they must do so now or never.Lee broke camp, marched a hundred and fifty milesnorthward, and invaded Pennsylvania. If be had no friends in front of him, and an enemyin his rear, no General ever did a madder thing.The enemy in his rear be despised, and believed hecould easily dispose of; and he had friends in frontHe reached the free States unmolested; the nextstep was to dispose of Hooker. But just here theplot halted; he did not dispose of Hooker, but Meadedisposed of him. That saved the North. him. For had Lee defeated the Army of the Potomac,the next siep was to march either upon Philadelphia,Baltimore, or Washington, as might seem best Riotswere to break out over the North, following an examplefirst set in this city; the loyal North was to beheld in terror and subjection; Stephens, the rebelVice-President, was to be in Washington to dictatethe terms of peace which Lee's bayonets were to enforce.That New York might be utterly powerlessat this juncture, her troops, for the first time in herhistory, were all sent away—with an alacrity whichsurprised every body than, but the motive of whichis apparent enough now—on a pretence of repellinginvasion. It was to welcome Lee! So completewas this plan, so well matured, and so certain was itdeemed of success, that the Richmond journals prematurelyannounced the defeat of the Army of thePotomac; prematurely discussed the terms of peacewhich the conquerors would condescend to grant theconquered; prematurely announced that while Leewould march victoriously into a northern capital,the Northern people would be held in subjection byinsurrections among themselves. And all this wasto happen on the 4th of July, when this city wascheckered with posters calling on the citizens to risein rebellion against the Government, and Gov. Seymourwas at the Cooper Institute with perhaps afitting speech for such an occurrence, which he certainlydid not have for the actual occasion. Thebattle of Gettysburg discomposed the plans of theconspirators, and sent Lee flying back across thePotomac. Then came the news of the fall of Vicksburg.Clearly, the rebellion which was to ride triumphantlyinto power over the rains of the Governmentand the necks of the people, stretching outthe hand of good fellowship to Northern, conspiratorswho had helped it at the right moment, wasnot culminating in triumph, but sinking in helplessnessand disgrace, Could that which was meant tohelp it merely save it? A Northern revolutionwhich was to help it to brilliant and final success,must now save it from utter destruction. It wasthe only hope of Southern rebellion and Northerncopperheadism. Hence the riots were inevitable. Gov. Seymour,told the rioters, in a speech on Tuesday of last week,from the City Hall steps—when he called thesemen, the hands of many of whom ware red withblood and their arms full of plunder stolen fromburning houses, his "noble hearted friends"—thathe had sent to Washington on Saturday to procurethe stopping of the draft. Why? Clearly becausehe knew, as hundreds of others net in the plots ofthe conspirators had been told, the insurrection wasto commence on Monday. What did he do? Hewent where it would be impossible for him to becalled upon to interfere till it was under fall headway.It was pet down in sake of him by Gen.Brows and the police. The real cause of the retiringof Gen. Brown in, that he was determined tosuppress the riot by shooting the rioters, while Gov.Seymour and Gen. Sandford did all in their powerto prevent it, and it was not till the last stage ofthe revolt, when the soldiers were fired upon fromthe house, that the militia were permitted in self-defense;to use ball-cartridge. On Friday, Gov. Seymourforbade that the arms should be taken fromthe bosses of the rioters, where they were found inabundance; of Monday, he orders all loyal citizensto disband their organizations, and return the armsin their hands to the arsenal! Is say man so deftas not to understand? Monday Great wickedness, as we said at the , alwaysseems incredible and the wickedness of these plottersagainst the Government, the freedom, and thewelfare of the people of this country, is for moredifficult to believe, became more infamous than thedeeds of cruelty of the wretches when they havehounded on to excuses to compass the ends of theirown bad ambition. But we cannot escape the evidenceof our senses. We may faint with horror, orbe against with terror, at the recital of the deeds ofblood of the Irish gorillas who ravaged the city aweek ago. Nevertheless, we must believe them, forthe evidence is not to be gainsaid. And the evidenceis hardly less positive and patent, that theriot was intended as the beginning of revolutionby the copperhead party in aid of the Southern rebellion;that when it got beyond the control of theconspirators, and into the hands of ruffians, whomeant to sack and burn the city, partly form love ofstill hope to hold these elements under control forsome future demonstration for the same purpose—the overthrow of the Government and the supremacyof the Southern rebels. The one way to avertthis new peril is to recognize it in time, and be preparedfor it When South Carolina went out of theUnion, it was laughed at as a joke, and that merryjest has cost us a hundred thousand lives and a thousandmillions of money already. That experienceshould have brought us wisdom enough at least tocomprehend a purpose which the conspirators hardlypretend to disguise—to take New York out of theUnion. The attempt will end in their destruction;if we prepare for it; in the destruction of free got.eminent, and all that will go with it, if we do not.—New York Independent.  New York Independent. 
