 The manner in which that pre-eminently satanicjournal, the New York Herald, described the latefiendish riot in that city, may be seen by the followingspecimen. Mark how the ruffians are described! Herald On Saturday evening, there was intense excitementin the neighborhood, and when the names ofthe conscripts were read, there seemed to be a generaldetermination to resist the law. There was nofree discussion tolerated on the subject. Whoeversupported the draft seemed to be regarded as an enemyof the people, or at least as an individual whohad the mammon antidote to it—there hundred dollars. These indications ripened on Sunday, when theHerald published the list of over twelve hundrednames which the wheel of fortune and a man blindness,independent of their will—and in hundreds ofinstances of their knowledge—enrolled as soldiers. independent of their will The people seemed to forget their prayers and thereligious aspect attached to the Sabbath. Piety andthe saints, Scripture and tradition, were temporarilydiscarded by the masses, who a few hours previouslyhad filled spacious temples. The draft was the all-aborbingsubject, who were its victims—howmany were the chances of escape—how the rich(made so by a war they sought to make perpetual)were excepted on payment of a nominal amount,which the profits on a roll of shoddy or a few explosivemuskets would realize—were the points whichlarge colloquial groups discussed, not only in theNinth district, but throughout the city. the masses the rich were excepted The fact that nearly all the men drafted werelaborers and mechanics added fuel to the flame.there was many a sad household on Sunday in theTwenty second ward, where the names were read;and must be stated, by way of an explanation ofthe extraordinary resistance which marked the draft,that the female relatives of the conscripts mingledThere will lest denunciation against the conscriptionlaw, and thus gave the people a "cavalier" motive tomust the terrible scenes in the district and thoroughlythe city. the people Sunday closed peaceably. We have reason to believeno organization was then formed to resistthe draft. But when Monday came—the weeklyholiday of the people—when labor is merely started,the masses generally abstained from work. The daywas to effect developments of no ordinary character.Opposition to a law—which might become the signalof hostility elsewhere—was to become practical.Few of the sons of toil entered their workshops, and,as if by preconcerted arrangement, a concourse ofover twelve thousand, armed with various weapons,clubs, staves, pieces of steel, bars of iron, and cartrungs—appeared and proceeded to patrol the city. the draft. masses sons of toil It was well known that the draft was to be continuedon Monday morning, in the North district.As in movements of the throng were not anticipatedno measures were taken to overcome them bystrong force. At an early hour the people met, then but twothousand in number in the Twenty second ward.These preceded through the city, on what might betermed recruiting service. One of the number hadcopper pan—a gong—with which he drummed upmen to participate in the hostilities. The throngmet with a welcome reception almost everywhere;they calls were promptly answered; at their biddingto join in resistance to the conscription, workshopswere suddenly deserted; men left their various purposeowners of inconsiderable stores put up theirshutters; factories were emptied; conductors ordrivers left their cars; employes at railroad depotsall added formidable accessions to the concourse;and on they swept like a torrent to the Provost Marshalloffice of the Ninth district, No. 667 Third avenue,destroy every vestige of the conscriptionthere, and a wreak their vengeance indiscriminatelyon the officers. people The throng concourse; As they rushed through the streets, they armedthemselves with various weapons; but, althoughmany of them had firearms, they were not used tilla later portion of the day. Not word of condemnation was heard againstthose who had openly and with success temporarilybearded the federal power, and applied the torchto the headquarters of its officers. All that crowd of combatants did—their workof ruin, demolition, fire and death—were forgottenin the draft, which they thus endeavored to defeat. combatants When the crowd had destroyed the building, scatteredthe ballots to the wind, pursued over dozens offences, into stores and saloons, the retreating officersof the conscription, and spread terror among thosewho were to enforce it, and who were suddenly numberedamong the flying skedaddlers, they marched,hooting, cheering, yelling towards Captain Manierre'soffice No. 1188 Broadway, where the draft wasproceeding. The Captain, however, heard of theirapproach, and prudently postponed the drawing tillthis morning. the crowd The inadequate force at the disposition of the authoritiesand the absence of the militia, gave thecrowd a dangerous opinion of their strength, andthey acted accordingly. At four o'clock, a detachmentof regulars, from Governor's Island, marchedthrough The streets to protect the State Arsenal onThirty fifth street, which it was expected the crowdwould enter, and bold, to supply themselves witharms. As the troops marched, groups of men andwomen received them occasionally with hootings andepithets. the the crowd groups of men They reached the arsenal, where an immense multitudeand gathered outside, at five o'clock, and thentook possession of the building. Detachments ofthe First and Third cavalry regiments also arrived,and were stationed in front of the building. immense multitude In the midst of the excitement, a great concourseproceeded to the residence of Gen. McClellan, inEast Thirty first street to give him an ovation.The throng halted opposite the house, where theywere god and prolonged cheers for "Little Mac;"but ascertaining that be was in New Jersey, theyproceeding down Fifth avenue shouting andsomething. While the excitement was at in height on Mondayafternoon and when all respect for order seemed gone,some one proposed to the throng who werewitnessing the destruction of Captain Manierre's buildingthat they should march to the Mayor's residence,and give him a "serenade." The proposition wasinstantly adopted, and several thousands of the peoplearmed in all conceivable ways, marched in comparativelygood order to Mr. Opdyke's palatial residenceon the Fifth avenue. The residents in theneighborhood were terribly alarmed, fearing thatseveral vengeance would be wreaked upon the entirelocality; but the throng paid its entire attentionto the building occupied by the Mayor Someshouted, "Bring out the Mayor, and see what hehas got to say about it!" "Let us see him!" "Ohhe is a shoddy aristocrat!" "Burn the damnedbuilding!" "No, no," "Yes, Yes," and so on inall varieties. After remaining there for a few moments,it was evident that incendiaries would bethe result unlearned voice was raised to stay it. the throng who werewitnessing the destruction of Captain Manierre's building the peoplearmed in all conceivable ways throng Judge Barnard, who lives close by, was in thisjuncture called upon. He appeared, and edging hisway through the crowd, managed to get a positionon the stoop. Being recognized, the multitude gavethree cheers, and demanded a speech. It was almostimpossible to distinguish at times what theJudge said, but he was understood to denounce thedraft as an unconstitutional act, and as an act of despotism.The administration had gone too far; theyhad imposed upon the people—whereat there was tremendouscheering. But he would call attention tothe fact that we still have law, that the courts wouldprotect us in the exercise of all our just and legalrights. (Cheers.) He hoped, for the honor of thiscity, so great and glorious, that its people would dono such injury as to destroy the residence of himwho was their legally elected Chief Officer. ("Well,you're about right. Judge," cried a voice in thecrowd.) They should leave and go to their homes,and not sully the reputation of our city for its obedienceto law. unconstitutional act The Judge's remarks were greeted with load applause,and the throng in a quiet manner immediatelytook up the line of march for Broadway, toagain witness the burning ruins of the Eighth districtProvost Marshal's headquarters. During the early part of the morning, the peopleof the Ninth district, consisting of a large number ofrespectable workmen and others, were seen to assembleat certain specified spots, and between eightand nine o'clock began moving along the variousavenues west of Fifth avenue, towards their appointedplace of general meeting. A large number ofworkmen's wives, &C., began also to assemble alongthe various avenues, and, if anything, were more excitedthan the men, who were armed with sticks,stones, adzes, axes, saws, and some with even oldswords. As the assembled people moved along, theystopped at the different workshops and factories, anda deputation entered the various buildings to informtheir proprietors that they would not be answerablefor the safety of their premises, unless the same wereclosed and their men allowed to join them if they sodesired. In most cases the request was compliedwith at once, and the assemblage moved on. the people the assembled people assemblage When they arrived at Fourth avenue, along whichthe New Haven and Harlem railroad tracks run,one of the principals of the assembled people sooncaught sight of the telegraph wires and poles. Itwas at once suggested that the authorities might telegraphto Albany for troops. Scarcely were thewords uttered, when the axes were laid at the footof the telegraph poles, and down they came with aterrific bang. That part of the wires that could notbe thus destroyed was divided by means of menclimbing the poles, they throwing slings, stones, &C.,until the wires were severed, and they were renderedcompletely useless. Another branch wire, leadingfrom the railroad to Third avenue, and that alongThird avenue, were similarly damaged, and then thecrowd again moved on to the Provost Marshal's office.This office was situated on the northeast corner ofThird avenue and Forty-sixth street. As soon asthe people had reached this position, they began toflank the building on the avenue, and on that partof Forty-sixth street which leads to Second avenue.As soon as they had taken a position to suit themselves,the signal was made to commence the attack.This signal was given by the throwing of a largestone through one of the panes of glass. As soon asthis was done, a rush was made for the entrancesand windows, and now the excitement grew warmer. assembled people crowd the people After a very short interval, and before any of thepersons in the upper part of the premises had hadtime to remove their handsome furniture—for someof the apartments were very expensively furnished—the flames burst oat of that part of the buildingwhere the offices were held, on the ground floor, andsoon were master of the entire edifice, which wasfour stories in height. A current of wind blew theflames across Forty-sixth street, and soon a numberof frame workshops and stables were ablaze. The firemen began rapidly to arrive at the sceneof the destruction, and made a few vain efforts toplant their apparatus for the extinction of the fire.The crowd, however, refused to let them work, asserting,in positive terms, that they should not extinguishthe flames until all the intended work ofdestruction had been accomplished. The crowd At about this time, Mr. Kennedy, the Superintendentof the Metropolitan Police, was discoveredby some of the persons assembled on the ground,and very soon be he attacked and dragged into ahollow that happens to be near the corner of Forty-sixthstreet. While he was in the hands of the infuriatedpeople, he received very serious injuries, andwould doubtless have lost his life but for the mediationof some of the less excited portion of the assemblage.He was therefore allowed to be removedfrom the scene, and the crowd once more turnedtheir attention to the fire. the crowd The corner house was soon burned down, owing,doubtless, to the inflammable nature of the materialwithin it, and the next building, also four storieshigh, because ignited. Although this building wasin no war connected with the Provest Marshal'soffice, still it wan allowed to bum. As there was aparty wall between this second house and the thirdfrom the corner, it was hoped, by many, that theflames would extend no farther than the secondbuilding; but after an interval of time, it was foundthat the third house was also ablaze. The police, unaware of the arrangements with thefiremen, advanced at this moment with the intentionof making a demonstration. This at once again excitedthe people, and, fancying that the officers intendedto attack them, they commenced firing stores,brickbats and clubs at the police, at such an extentthat they had to best a precipitate retreat, thecrowd following closely after them. Of course, severalman and officers became seriously hurt, andwhen the now enraged people saw any of their companionsbleeding, they at once made for some oneor other of the retreating officers. Several of thelatter wore felled by stones and others defendedthemselves with revolvers. When any one particularofficer was marked out, separate parties would theofficer was retreating and try to head him off. Atlast, weary with the chase, the people returned to theburning buildings, and the wounded were taken tothe various doctors in the vicinity. people enraged people Arriving at the corner of Forty second street, themilitary found that further passage was barred by acrowd of seems three thousand persons, who flourishedtheir weapons, and told the soldiers that they couldproceed no further, accept at the peril of their lives.Bricks now began to fly, and a general confusionprevailed. The soldiers were hemmed in so thatthey could hardly move. They then fired on thepeople. As soon as the soldiers poured theirvoiley into the multitude they immediately turnedand run, being pursed in hot haste by thousands.The people followed them up with untiringand it is said scarcely one escaped from the clutchesof those who laid hands upon them. crowd of seems three thousand persons people. multitude The people 
