 When President Lincoln wrote his letter to theAlbany Copperheads some weeks ago, the pressgenerally praised him as a sharp correspondent.We commanded the letter too, in the main, thoughwe did not exactly like the symptoms of a dispositionto pardon Vallandigham upon slight express, manifestedin the last paragraph. But we are sorry now,(and we think the wholeRepublican pram should be sorry also) that saycommendation at all was owed; for we fear itinsisted and encouraged him to write his secondletter, addressed to the Copperheads of Ohio, on thethe same subject. Had we suspected the possibilityof this second epistle, we certainty should neverhave said a word in favor of the first.  Shortly after the president had replied to the AlbanyCommittee, another committee, consisting ofnineteen Ohio Copperheads, visited him at Washington,to urge the restoration to Ohio of its exitedtraitor candidate for Governor. When this rebelsympathizing committee called at the White House steadof pointing them to the door, as almost anyman' would, or sending them out in the custody ofthe Provost Marshal, as Andrew Jackson or Ben. Butlerwould, seems to have bethought him of the creditachieved by him Albany epistle, or possibly, of thenice opportunity to gain the advantage Job wishedfor when be exclaimed, "Oh that mine enemy hadwritten a book," and shrewdly suggested that theyshould reduce their request, and views in support ofit, to writing. The committee, either not seeing ornor fearing the trap, walked right into it, andbrought him, in due time, a very high-toned, elaboratedocument, in which they showed him, by argumentsdrawn from the history of the Mexican war,that he had always been a bad man—that his argumentsin his letter to their Albany brethren werenot worth a copper -that he was an intolerable tyrantand insulter of the sovereign State of Ohio—and had utterly destroyed the great birth-right ofAmericans—the free expression of opinion! For allof which, they sharply rebuked him; and in thename of insulted Copperhead sovereignty they demandedthe restoration of the martyr, Vallandigham. free expression of opinion! This was probably not exactly the sort of "book"Mr. Lincoln expected his "enemy" to write. Assumingthe attitude of a judge toward a criminal,the committee "not his offences in order before him"with such searching fidelity, that the letter finds itnecessary to put himself on the defensive, thus:— "I am unable to peserive an insult to Ohio in thecase of Vallandigham. Quite surely, nothing of the sortwas or is intended. I was wholly unaware thatMr. Vallandigham was, at the time of his arrest, a candidatefor Governor, until so informed by your readingto me the resolutions of the Convention. I amgrateful to the State of Ohio for many things, especiallyfor the brave soldiers and officers she has givenin the present national trial to the armies of theUnion." He also tells them they can't prove that he "opposedthe policy of the Mexican war," and parries thecharge that be intends to " over-ride all the guaranteedrights of individuals." He maintains, moreover,and we think with perfect success, that Vallandighamwas a treason-aider, by stirring up resistancesto the prosecution of the war against traitorsand rebels. He also hints that the attitude of themembers of the committee is liable to be mistakenfor one of opposition to the Government in its effortsto save the Union, (although, of course, nothing ofthe sort it designed on their part, as he is perfectlywell satisfied from hit interview with them,) and heis so anxious to have them stand right before theworld, that be will yield all they ask for Vallandighamif the committee will sign a paper, plainly acknowledgingtheir own loyalty—yes, if ten, a baremajority of them, will sign a paper, committing themto the following, propositions, viz:- 1. That there is now a rebellion to the UnitedStates, the object and tendency of which is to destroythe National Union; and that, in your opinion, anarmy and navy are constitutional means far suppressingsing that rebellion. 2. That no one of you will do anything which, inhis own judgment will tend to hinder the increase, orfavor the decrease, or lessen the efficiency of the armyor navy, while engaged in the effort to suppress thatrebellion and, 3. That each of you will, in his sphere, do all hecan, to have the officers, soldiers and seamen of thearmy and navy, while engaged in the effort to suppressthe rebellion, paid, fed, aim, and otherwise wellprovided and supported. And with the further understanding that upon receivingthe letter and names then indersed, I willcause them to be published, which publication shall be,within itself, a revocation of the order in relation toMr. Vallandigham Now, do you suppose they did it? Not they!They sourced the preposition. They came in thename of universal Copperheadism to demand the unconditionalrevocation of the order banishing Vallandighamand did the President Presume to supposesthey would purchase such revocation by themselvesacknowledging that their Southern brothersare in rebellion, and that it is Constitutional to usethe "army and navy", against them; and by agressingthat they (the committee) would not oppresssuch use of the "army and navy," or that theywould use their influence to have the "army andnavy" "paid, and, , and otherwise well-providedand supported," while being thus used? Monsters!Preposterous! Shaking the dust from their fast,therefore, they strode with arrogant dignity fromthe Presidential presence.  New, in as sedan was left to in punishmentbecause ten rightness men could not be foundin it, so we hope Vallandigham will be compelled toreceive a trainer's , since there are not tenCopperheads of Ohio found willing to refrain fromtreasonable p to permit his pardon. Wehope, without great confidence, however; for theChicago Times—saved from Burnside's suppressinggreat and restored to life by special interruption ofthe President—thus  the traitor's return,and his production by the democracy of Ohio, in defenseof the Government:—    hope confidence Times  "Mr. Vallingham should not await and permissionof due  to reston. He should future onhis own will and pleasure. He is old to have leftthe Confedeancy, on his way to some of the British–his only of . No should us to his right, is the light of dog, came back to Ohio. If the Federalmilitary  to interfere with him, than, and the Democracy of Ohio,  sons of him.Whenever he shall enter the United States we opened of thousands;and when, he shall into the man in this country his never been rendered before.Let his , his rights solife, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness."      If the Federalmilitary  to interfere with him       We letter by the President. We should that, by offeringto let Vallendigham off, to be has, upon the slightout pun of no causes, he has successaged the Copperheads to think he feels himself inthe wrong, and will not dare to interfere with himshould he return defiently to Ohio, on the Times advice.He has also compromised his own dignity byentering into a public discussion with rebel sympathizersof the sights of Government to protect itselfagainst rebels. The more a ruler argues with suchwretches, (it matters little how well.) the weaker bemakes his position.—Galesburg Free Democrat.   Times Galesburg Free Democrat. 
