 Delivered at a Mass Meeting held at National HallPhiladelphia, July 6, 1868, for the promotion ofColored Enlistments. My follow-citizens, before proceeding to the considerationof the grave question which brings us together,let me say that the rebel army of NorthernVirginia it no more. (Immense cheering,)As an organization,it will never leave the soil of Pennsylvania,though fragments of it may straggle acrossthe Potomac (Renewed cheering.) Henceforth Virginiais dedicated to freedom! (Cheers.) West Virginiawas freed by the suffrages of her patriotic men,and Virginia by the power of the United States(Applause.) Never again will the insolent aristocracyof the Old Dominion breed fair-skinned andblue-eyed girls, or stalwart black men, for the slavemarkets of the far South. (Long continued cheering.) Citizens of African descent, it is to you I wouldspeak. Are you content to spend your lives asboot-blacks, barbers, waiters, and in other pursuitslittle if any better than servile or menial, when theprofusion of arms—the terrible but glorious work ofwar—invitee you to acknowledged manhood, freedomand honor? (Applause, and cries of No, no.) After two hundred years of unmitigated oppression,Providence has opened the way for the Africo-Americanto prove his manhood to the world, andcommand the respect and gratitude of those of hisfellow-citizens whose cupidity end prejudice haveenslaved and degraded him. Will yon not springto arms, and march to the higher destiny that awaitsyour race, though it may require your mangledbodies to strew the glorious pathway? (Cheering,and cries of Yes, yes.) Yes, you will. Let it notbe said that the Third United States Colored Volunteers,though a Pennsylvania regiment, containedbut few or no Philadelphians. But fill its ranksquickly. You will bear at its head the flag aroundwhich freedmen and their descendants should mostproudly rally. The flag of Pennsylvania, the first commonwealth,kingdom or empire to abolish slavery—thecommonwealth whose act of emancipation—asolemn expression of gratitude to God for the freedomhe had vouchsafed to its people—antedatesBritish emancipation more than forty years—is theone we ask you to carry aloft. It is the symbol ofour honor and greatness. We cheerfully confide itto your hands, assured that you will carry it in triumphto any point at which treason has raised itsrebellious head, and under its folds prove to mankindthat each one of you is, in the sterner elementsof manhood, a match for the haughtiest aristocrat ofthe Confederacy. (Applause.) Old men, despite the disabilities under which youlabor, some of you have accumulated wealth; we donot ask you to enlist—we want the young and vigorous,But when you go to your homes to-night, doyour duty—gather about you your able-bodied sons,and let them know that if they prove cowards inthis grand crisis of the history of your race, you willdisinherit and denounce them. Mothers, you loveyour sons—but think you that you love them betterthan did the mothers of the brave white boys andmen who have borne our banners over so many terriblefields? No, you will not claim this; gather,then, your sons around you, and spurn him who willnot prove that when you suffered the pangs of maternity,it was to give birth to a man. And, girls,I have a word to say to you. The fellow whoshrinks from the smell of gunpowder is very apt tobe afraid of thunder. I have known such to creepinto bed during a storm, and beg to be covered upclosely. If, during this war, some spruce youngdandy troubles you with a tender question, let himknow that you would rather marry the wooden legand empty jacket sleeve of a war-worn hero thanany man who might require you to tack him up duringevery thunder-storm. (Cheers and laughter.) And now, white men and women, let me have aword with you. Will you assist the SupervisoryCommittee in the work it has in hand? Will yougive to these brethren of the heroes of Port Hudsonand Milikon's Bend your broadest, fullest sympathy?Will you pour in upon Congress memorials in overwhelmingnumbers, demanding that, as to pay andpension, they shall be treated as liberally as othersoldiers are? (Cheers, and cries of Yes, we will.)Will you watch over their widows with fraternalve, and see that their orphans are secured sucheducational opportunities as a great and humaneCommonwealth should provide for the orphans ofpatriots who have laid down their lives in her causeand under her flag? (Renewed cries of Yes, andwe will.) Yes, I am sure that in these respects youwill be just, and I hope you will be generously magnanimous.  In the gloomy days through which we have justpassed, I have been buoyant with hope amountingto faith. Behind the dark and heavy cloud thathung so oppressively near as, I saw, in the rapidlydeveloping providences of God, the sure premise ofvictory and peace. During weary, sorrowing monthsand years of war, we have sighed for "the comingman" who was to bring us three grant blessings. Wehave not found him. Not Butler, nor Banks, norFremont, nor Grant, nor Rocescrans, nor Meadsthough he has invested our quiet Gettysburg with thecombined glories of Magenta and Solferino—hasshown himself to be the man whose genius and powerwere to deliver us from protracted war. To admitthis is but to admit that our great soldiers are notubiquitous. Donelson and Vicksburg, each in tern;New Orleans, Port Hudson, and Gettysburg, haveeach been worthy the attention of a great General.Shall we then cause to hope for him whose comingHope has so long prophesed? Oh, no! He walksour bidding. He is the Colored man! He has madePort, Hudson the Thermopyles of his race; he occupiesand surrounds Richmond; he is ready to interceptLee's Stragglers in the Shenandoah Vallay; beoccupies the strongholds of Tennessee; he will giveyou Charleston, which is in his power, and, in distantTexas, he will respond with a joyous "Aye,aye," to your call and run the Union flag to the topof every staff upon her prairies; he holds at his mercyevery acre of Confederate territory; as a chattelbe foods, clothes and arms every rebel soldier; as aMAN, assured of your sympathy, he will crush everyrebel stronghold. Yes sneer at or doubt it as youmay, the negro is the "coming man" for whom wehave waited. Give him the chance to attest his natureat all them points around which our whitebrethren perish, in stamp and hospital, and thesetlingand crushing his old oppressor he will give usspeedy victory and a peace that shall never againhe disturbed by civil war. (Tremendous and longcontinued cheering) Speeches were also delivered by Mine Anna N. Di, of Philadelphia,  and Frederick Douglass.Mr. D's speech we published last week. Miss Dominson'swe give in the next column.   
