 We do know not whether Gov. Seymour, PresidentPierce, and others who spend the last Fourth of Julyin denouncing the administration, and getting upresolutions of admiration for that pure-crimded patriot,Mr. Vallandigham, are all prepared to accept,as his does, the term "copperhead" as their appropriateand honorable designation. We do not knowwhether they wear the badge, so common in thiscity, of a breastpin manufactured from a mutilatedpenny. We do not know whether they acknowledgethe New-York world and the New-York Copperheadas the approved organs of their party. Copperhead We only know that these shoots are their for mostsupporters, and are engaged with them is propagatingthe same disloyal sentiments. If we are wrongin giving to the whole class the appellation of Copperhead,we beg pardon. We design no offences.The world regards the term Copperhead as synonymouswith the orthodox Democratic party, andsays that Secretary Stanton, by attacking the Copperheadsin his short speech on the Fourth of July,made an "attack upon the party which he abandonedin taking office." In addition to this, we havethe fast that name of the party lenders who oppressthis war have disclaimed the now name; we shalltherefore, take the liberty to use it as their specialand appropriates designation. What, now, are the principles and doctrines whichthis Copperheads party around covering to instill intothe community, and to carry out, by force ofarms, whenever they find themselves strong enoughto undertake the work? We copy, on anotherpage, a headfull extensively circulated on theFourth, which gives us a clear and practical viewof the design of the party. As that, however, wasan unofficial and sanymous document, we will nothold such  as president Pierce and Gov. Seymourresponsible for the language in which it isnear but will take their own public and deliberate as the exact expression of whatstay mean to do and what they mean to encourageothers in doing. The harden of their tery is, the of the Constitution and the duty of defundingit against the allowed despotism of PresidentLincoln. Says President Pierce—" Even here inthe legal States the  land of military unsurpationthen strike down for liberties of the people, and itsfact temples on a descted Constitution." He callsVallandigham "that noble martyr of free speech,"and says, "the temporary agents of the sovereignpupils, the  of the Governmentfall us that in time of year, the will of the provident  of the place of the Constitution. copy      the  land of military unsurpationthen strike down for liberties of the people, and itsfact temples on a descted Constitution.     provident  of the place of the Constitution.   No man, not a traitor at heart, could thus deliberatelycalumniate the Government of his countryfor the purpose of arousing to madness the prejudicedmultitude whom he is able to mislead by his falsehoods.Mr. Pierce well knows that it is be and hisparty, and not the President, who are fightingagainst the Constitution. He well knows that theConstitution gives to Congress the war power, andthe making of all laws whereby such war is regulated;and be knows, too, that all such laws, made inconformity with the Constitution, are just bindingand sacred as the Constitution itself, and are the"supreme love of the land," by the express provisionof that instrument. He is now restating and counselingresistance to then laws, under the lying pretencethat they are unconstitutional. He well knowsthat the suspension of Habeas Corpus is a power distinctlygiven in time of war or insurrection; andhe knows that, in accordance with this provision.Congress did, at its last session, enact that, "duringthe present rebellion, the President of the UnitedStates, whenever in his judgment the public safety mayrequire it, is authorized to suspend the writ of HabeasCorpus, IN ANY CASE, throughout the UntiedStates, or any part thereof. And whenever and whereverthe said privilege shall be suspended as aforesaid,no military or other officer shall be compelled,in answer to any writ of Habeas Corpus, to returnthe body of any person or persons detained by himby authority of the President; but upon a certificate,under oath, of the officer having charge of anyone so detained, that such person is detained by himas a prisoner under authority of the President, furtherproceedings under the writ of Habeas Corpus shallbe suspended, by the judge or courts having issuedthe said writ, so long at said suspension by the Presidentshall remain in force, and said rebellion continue." supreme love of the land under the lying pretencethat they are unconstitutional. Habeas Corpus whenever in his judgment the public safety mayrequire it HabeasCorpus throughout the UntiedStates, or any part thereof. wherever Habeas Corpus furtherproceedings under the writ of Habeas Corpus shallbe suspended so long at said suspension by the Presidentshall remain in force, and said rebellion continue." The World, in its comments on this act, at thetime of its passage, said:—"With this tremendouspower over the liberty of every citizen whom hemay suspect, or whom he may choose to imprisonwithout suspecting, the President is as absolute adespot as the Sultan of Turkey. AU the guaranteesof liberty are broken down; we all lie at thefeet of one man, dependent on his caprice for everyhour's exemption from a bastile." Very good; whois to blame? Who is it that has forced anon as thisabridgment of our liberties? It is the World andits follow-traitors that have made this extreme measurenecessary; and now the whole country has topay the penalty which these infamous Copperheadwretches have brought upon us. Why blame thePresident for making these arrests? He is bound todo it by his oath, which compels him to execute thelaws. Why do Pierce and Seymour leave out ofsight this act of Congress, and denounce the President,as if be were the usurper of dictatorial power?It is true that the power is an enormous one;it is true that it is repugnant to the normal conditionof the Republic; it is true that with it, for thetime being, the Government is able to put down domesticenemies with an iron hand; and this is justthe power which we want the Government to have;it is just the power which the founders of the Republicmeant it should have in a time like this, or they wouldnever have incorporated the provision in the Constitution.We are glad to find that Messrs. Pierce,Wood, Vallandigham, and the editors of the World,feel uncomfortable under the operation of this constitutionalpower of the nation to protect itself.Our only regret is, that we have no Andrew Jacksonto teach them the full meaning of it. World it is just the power which the founders of the Republicmeant it should have in a time like this World Gov. Seymour is equally explicit in charging theGovernment with violating the Constitution by makingarrests:— "I ask if it is not an evidence of weakness, defeatand discomfiture, when, in the presence of armed rebellion,the administration is compelled to hold thatthe very charter by which it holds its power has ceasedto have a power that can protect a citizen in hisrights? ... Personal rights and personal libertiessuspended during our revolutionary contest! Youhave heard the words of that Declaration of Independence,which said that men have a right to trial byjury; that the military authorities should never be exaltedabove the civil jurisdiction; that men shouldnot be transported abroad for trial (tremendous applause);that they should have all the rights and privilegesof English jurisprudence and English law....This doctrine of the suspension of the Constitution,the doctrine of the suspension of the laws, is unconstitutional,is unsound, is unjust, is treasonable!"(Tremendous applause.) Who is it that teaches this doctrine of the suspensionof the Constitution and laws? It is not thePresident—it is Gov. Seymour. He defies the act ofCongress; he tramples it in the dust. He declaresthat which the Constitution makes the supreme lawof the land to be no law, but to be "unjust and treasonable."Is it the prerogative of Gov. Seymour todecide on the constitutionality of the acts of Congress?Is he the Supreme Court? Hear himthreaten:— "Is it not revolution which you are thus creating,when you say that our persons may be rightfullyseized, our property confiscated, our homes entered?Remember this, that the bloody and treasonable andrevolutionary doctrine of public necessity can be proclaimedby a mob as well as by a government." (Applause.) that the bloody and treasonable andrevolutionary doctrine of public necessity can be proclaimedby a mob as well as by a government." It is well to keep in mind the circumstances underwhich the Governor of New-York thus denounced anexpress provision of the Constitution, and the lawof Congress made in pursuance thereof. It waswhile the terrible struggle in Pennsylvania wassupposed to be yet pending, and when our prospectswere so dark that the Governor said be did notcome before his audience "as one animated by expectedvictories": it was while the fate of our armiesat Vicksburg and Port Hudson hung dubiousin the scale: it was while incendiary placardsin favor of the South were being scattered throughthe city, with simultaneous reports of an intendedconspiracy to seize the New-York arsenal on theevening of our national anniversary, establish aProvisional Government, and offer the dictatorshipto McClellan! Had Meade experienced a defeat,there is little doubt the programme would have beencarried out so the letter. Gov. Seymour takes greatcredit to himself for having forwarded troops tosuccor Pennsylvania in her distress, but be can makehalf an hour's speech without a single syllable ofreproach or blame for the rebels or their cause. Hisnamesake, Thomas H. Seymour, the Copperheadex-Governor of Connecticut, followed him with aspeech exonerating the South from the guilt of bringingon the war, and declaring that "we could notcompel States to remain in the Union by force ofarms." And yet these men complain bitterly that theyare charged with disloyalty. In the trying hour ofthe nation's agony, when our very existence dependson the success of our arms, they are usingevery effort to show that the South is right, and theNorth wrong; that we cannot nod ought not to conquer.Says President Pierce:— "My judgment compels me to rely upon moralforce, and not upon any if the coercive instrumentalitiesof military power. We have seen, in the experienceof the last two years, how futile are all our efforts tomaintain the Union by force of arms; but even hadwar been carried on by us successfully, the ruinousresult would exhibit its utter impracticability for theattainment of the desired end. Through peacefulagencies, and through such agencies alone, can we hopeto form a more perfect Union, establish justice, insuredomestic tranquillity, etc. I speak of the war as fruitless;for it is dear that, prosecuted upon the basis ofthe proclamations of September 22d and September24th, 1862, prosecuted as I must understand theseproclamations, to say nothing of the kindred broodwhich has followed, upon the theory of emancipationdevastation, subjugation, it cannot fail to be fruitlessin everything except the harvest of woe which it is nowripening far what was once the peerless republic." not upon any if the coercive instrumentalitiesof military power. peacefulagencies such agencies alone The attempt to shirk the responsibility of opposingthe war, by presuming to oppose it only as it isconducted on a wrong bums, will not avail the Copperhead.The pretence is too shallow. The basis,and the only basis of war, is the defence of a nation'sGovernment and laws. Emancipation is the law ofthe land, Confiscation the law of the land. Hethat apposes the laws of his country, otherwise thanby constitutional changes, is the enemy of his country.The copperheads seek to subvert the emancipationand confiscation acts, and to change the Constitutioninto a pro-slavery instrument, by overthrowingthe present Government. It is true, theyare not personally in arms against the Government,but they give aid and comfort to the men who arein arms against it. They are traitors to the spirit ifnot the letter, of the Constitution. It needs butthe occasion to bring them out in open array on theside of the enemy. There were thousands in New-Yorkcity, in hotel, street and counting-house, wherecountenances on the morning of July Fourth were joyous, defiant, over our anticipated defeatsThe evening found them downcast, the next daystill more gloomy, and the fall of Vicksburg completedthat humiliation. It was surprising to seenow quickly their countenances again brightened onthe first blush of a rumor that our cavalry were repulsed,and Gen. Kilpatrick slain. Such men oughtnot to be tolerated amongst as. The power whichCongress has given the President should not be sufferedto remain a dead letter, while these copperyreptiles are watching an opportunity to strike theirpoisonous fangs into the heart of our republican government.It is false to say, as Gov. Seymour dose,that in the trying times of the Revolution, ourfathers guaranteed: to the tory plotters in theirmidst the same privileges of free speech, free action,inviolate homes, and trial by jury, that wouldhave been allowed them in time of peace. A costof tar and feathers, and an unceremonious expulsionto the enemy's lines, was the very mildest treatmenta copperhead might expect in these days.Having no special law upon the subject, the patriotsof Seventy-Six were a law to themselves; but now,in our more advanced civilization we wisely entrustthese cases of discipline to the President, ratherthan to local committees. The tar and feathers, andthe uncomfortable method of transportation on arail, we have dispensed with: but we most insist onretaining the main feature of the discipline, whichis the right to remove these dangerous plotters fromour midst, as the President has removed Vallandigham,until their opportunity for mischief is past.—American Baptist.  American Baptist. 
