 'We wonder,' Inquires a journal in this city, 'ifPresident polk has any idea that New-England isan inhabited country? Why, bless your heart, yes,undoubtedly. He has often heard of New Englandvalor, New-England patriotism, and what is morethan all the rest, of New-England manufactures!Yes, and more than this, he has heard, too, of New-England. All these have made indelibleimpressions on the mind of President Polk,not soon to be forgotten. When men and moneyare required to fight the battles of slavery, New-Englandmust be called upon to furnish her quotasliberally, and jugging from the past, there is nodanger but they will be furnished liberally. 'Ourcountry, right or wrong,'is the motto we have adopted, and President Polk himself is well aware of it.'You complain,' said John Randolph, 'that wegovern you by means of our black slaves at theSouth. We do govern you by means of your whiteslaves at the North.' There is no danger that PresidentPolk does not well understand this. manufactures  furnished whiteslaves But we have been told, and as though it was agreat piece of news, that all our foreign ministersabroad are residents of slaveholding States,andsome few of our Democratic neighbors are beginningto wonder why it is that it should always happenthat the patronage of the Executive should alwaysbe bestowed on  from the South witha most liberal hand. Every one who has bestowedbut little  to this subject for the last twentyyears, has long known this to be true. There isnothing about this matter that is new. It is doinggreat injustice to President Polk, to charge him withneglecting New-England, or the free States, morethan have his predecessors generally. We, at theNorth, have invited this neglect, and are ourselvesthe more guilty party. We here slandered the clearactors of our public men, especially those men whomanfully exhibited any portion of independence andmanhood, and by our actions have plainly told themthat the way to gain our approbation was to exhibita crouching servility to the South. Even MartinVan Buren was denounced for the only act ofindependence he ever exhibited, and lost his prospectsaccordingly. residents of slaveholding   Therefor no danger;however, that New-Englandwill soon be forgotten. Our virtues and our viewsare too prominent for that. We shall be respectedabroad just as soon as we begin to respect ourselves.We have MEN, full grown men here at the North,capable of making themselves heard, felt, andknown, and there is no danger but they will do so,the moment the people are willing to declare themselvesto be free. In saying this, we do not meanto say that it is our duty to 'dissolve the Union.'or to deny our southern brethren any of theirConstitutional rights, but we do mean to say thatour neighbors can never be made to respect thoserights of ours, while we have no inclination to respectourselves. So long as we, unanimously, canresolve against Texas, and then whip round in itsdefence—so long as we can divide and subdivideamong ourselves on almost every subject whichconcerns our interests—so long as we listen to thecounsels of men among us who are preaching upsubmission to Southern dictation, we may expect tobe taunted for our servility and sycophancy. MEN people resolve New-England, however, has not been the mostguilty in succumbing to the imperious demands ofthe South. Pennsylvania and New-York have setus a most gloomy example. Whether Pennsylvaniawill once get her eyes open is rather doutful.She has been compelled to swallow many a bitterdone, but none have been more unpalatable to herthan the repeat of the Tariff of 1842. X. 
