 ANNUAL MEETING—OLD COLONY A.S. SOCIETY. The twelfth Annual meeting of the PlymouthCounty (Old Colony) A.S. Society met pursuant tonotice, at the Town House in Hanover, on Wednesdayand Thursday, July 8th and 9th, 1846. ThePresident of the Society, Rev. Elmer Hewitt, of Hanson, occupied the chair. Prayer by the venerableSeth Sprague, senior, of Dusbury. The very busy season of the year prevented manyof the yeomanry of the Old Colony from attending;but not withstanding this and the extreme warmweather, quite a goodly number of the 'faithful andthe true' were present, to aid by their counsels andlabors is ushering in that happy period, when thecries of the poor bondman shall no longer be heard,and slavery, with all its attendant evils, be foreverbanished from beneath the canopy of heaven. After some interesting remarks from the President,with reference to the nature and object of the meeting, the following gentlemen were, on motion of thesecretary, chosen a committee on finance, vis: LewisFord, Samuel Dyer, Otis Perry. On motion of Hon. Seth Sprague, the followingindividuals were chosen a committee on nominationof officers, viz: H.H. Brigham, Joshua Perry, SamuelDyer, Seth Sprague, and Rufus Bates. Duringthe absence of the committee, the Society was addressedby Loring Moody of Boston, and Daniel Otisof Seituate. The following resolution was adopted: Resolved, That we have heard with pleasure therecommendation of the Board of Managers of theMassachusetts A.S. Society, to have on the first ofAugust, a celebration in the town of Abington; andthat a committee be appointed to make all necessaryarrangements for celebrating this anniversary ofBritish emancipation, in a manner worthy of theevent. The following gentlemen were chosen to constitutesaid committee, viz: Loring Moody, H.H. Brigham, John Noyes, Jr., Elbridge Sprague, Wm. HPool, N.H. Whiting, J.T. Howland, Samoal RoadLewis Ford, and Briggs Arnold.  The committee on nomination of officers made thefollowing report: For President— of  For President   For vice presidents— of bury, Daniel Otis of Seituate, Plymouth, Melver Sprague of Hanson, and SamuelDyer of Abington. For vice presidents    For Secretary and Treasurer—H.H. Brigham of S.Abington. For Secretary and Treasurer For Managers—E.Y. Perry of Pembroke, BriggsArnold of E. Abington, Rufee Batos of Hanover, NathanLincola of Hingham, and Lewis Ford of N. Abington. Report adopted. For Managers After some very interesting  from Mr.Moody and Joshua Perry of Hanson,  reply to Mr.D. Otis of Sciluate, touching the U.S. government,the Society adjourned to 1 o'clock, P.M.   Met  to adjournment, Hen. Beth Spraguein the chair. Listened to a report from S. Dyer, inreference to the manner in which the celebration atAbington, on the first of August, had better be observed.  The following Resolutions were adopted after beingspoken to by Hon. Seth Sprague, L. Moody, N.H. Whiting, E.Y. Perry, Lewis Ford, Wm. Whiting, and others: Resolved, That the sets of the government andpeople of the United States, in waging and carryingon a war with Mexico, for the purpose of extendingand perpetuating slavery, proves that they are piratesand robbers of their race; and the readiness withwhich Gov. Briggs of this State has responded tothe call of the President to furnish troops to carry onthis bloody and diabolical war, proves that he is unworthyof the respect of freemen, and a fit companionof those 'pirates and freshooters,' (to use his ownappropriate language,) who, in their eagerness to acquirenew slave territory, have purposely involvedthe country in this most atrocious war. pirates and freshooters Resolved, That we have heard with mingled feelingsof pleasure and regret of the intended voyage ofour beloved friend and fellow-laborer, Wm. LloydGarrison, to Great Britain—with pleasure at the prospectof good which this journey holds out to the causeof freedom and humanity—with regret for his absencefrom this tried field of his usefulness and labor, and the loss of his society and friendly counselfor a season; and we hereby pledge him our cordialsympathy and support, and give him our hearty Godspecd, wishing him a prosperous journey and a speedyreturn. The remarks made on the above resolutions werevery interesting and animated; especially the observationmade by Mr. William Whiting of NorthBridgewater. He endeavored to show, and we thinkhe did most satisfactorily prove to those present, thatthe only safe and wise course for a true reformer topursue was strict adherence and fidelity to right principle, at all times and under all circumstances—notswerving to the right hand or to the left, in order togratify this or that friend or foe. He very happily,in order to illustrate his position alluded to the  by C.T. Torrey, who, after lowering histone of denunciation against the American Churchand clergy, especially his own denomination, andadopting a course of action in regard to the abolitionof slavery, more congenial with their feelings and actions, was, notwithstanding this concession on hispart, treated by them in return, in a manner the mostshameful and inhuman—suffered to remain in thelonely prison without their sympathy and prayers;and at last, even after his spirit had taken its departure, his remains were not even permitted to entowithin the portals of their sanctuaries! Had MrTorrey been firm and unfaltering, said Mr. Whiting,'he would have been differently treated by his brethren, and commanded far more the respect by themand his anti-slavery brethren.'   Mr. Whiting's remarks were very highly spoken ofand approved by those who heard them. They werevery interesting and instructive, and must have produceda good effect. In him the slave finds a tree,warm-hearted and faithful friend. May the blessingsof Heaven attend him and his labors in behalf of sufferinghumanity. The Annual Report was presented, read andadopted. Adjourned until to-morrow morning at 9o'clock. HURSDAY ESSION. The Society assembled according to adjournment,the President in the chair. The following resolutionswere presented by Mr. Moody, and discussed by theRev. Elmer Hewitt, Hon Seth Sprague Lewis Ford,Richard Thayer of Bridgewater, formerly a clergymanof the Baptist denominations, L. Moody, E.Y.Perry and others, and unanimously adopted: Resolved, That so far from being discouraged bythe fearful crisis in which our cause appears to be involvedby the present struggle of the slave power toobtain the complete mastery on the American continent, we pledge ourselves to renewed exertions forthe success of the anti-slavery cause; encouraged bythe cheering indications on every band, that the dayis not far distant when the giant power with whichwe are now contending, shall be overthrown by theonward progress of the principles of justice and humanity. Resolved, That the Government of the UnitedStates, instead of a blessing, has proved a scourge anda curse to the human race; and its overthrow is demandedby justice and humanity, as the implacableenemy of human rights. Resolved, That we have heard with pleasure of thevote of the Executive Committee of the American A.S. Society, to reduce the terms of the 'National Anti-SlaveryStandard' to one dollar a year, thus bringingthis invaluable paper within the means of every familyin the land, and we pledge our efforts to obtain aslarge a number of subscribers as we can, in our variouslow as and neighborhoods. one dollar The remarks of Mr. Thayer of Bridgewater, on above resolutions, were very entertaining. Havingformerly been a clergyman, he could speak from experience, with reference to the manner in which theclergy generally conducted themselves, when theywere about to  or speak on the moral questions ofthe day. They  first feel around among theircongregation, and ascertain who of the 'great ones'they were going to offend, and if they could speakout a little, without losing much of their influenceand standing, why then they would just do so. Hebelieved in a ministry, such as was established by JesusChrist, but he had no faith in the present ministryof our country. They were unfaithful, seekingafter the honor of man more than the reputation ofHeaven. Consequently he had '' fromamong them; and should be now receive their fellowshipand approbation, he should feel that he wasin the wrong, and  in duty.      Before taking his meal, Mr. Thayer introduced tothe audience the Rev. Mr. Brodford of Bridgewater,who, the President  would  than in the afternoon. After a  this adjourned for one hour.      FTERNOON ESSION. Met  to adjournment, Hen. Seth Sgroguein the chair. Singing—words written by Rev. Mr.Bradford.  The following resolution being under discussion, farther considered and very eloquently spokento had approved by the Rev. Mr. , L. Moody, J.M. Spear, Jonathan Walker, and LewisFord.   Received, That we renew our testimony againstthe American Church and clergy, as a 'brotherhoodof ; and as we are continually receivingfresh proofs of the truth of this charge, we again  every lover of justice and humanity to 'someout from among them, and to bear a faithful andunited testimony against these corrupt pro-slaverybodies, as the uncompromising enemies of truth andrighteousness.    The speech of Mr. Bradford was listened to withattention. He declared himself to be an abolitionist,as thorough and uncompromising as he was when hewrote the lines which had just been sung. He didnot, however, exactly agree with the 'old organized'abolitionists. He was fearful they were narrowingthe anti-slavery platform. In saying this, he did notwish to be understood, that we should sacrifice theright in order to widen it. But he thought the abolitionistswere sometimes too denunciatory in theirlanguage, and in this manner were narrowing theanti-slavery platform. He was for widening it. Hewas, however, prettyradical in his remarks, and nearlysubscribed to the doctrines and measures of 'oldorganized' anti-slavery. Being asked if he approvedof the resolution under discussion, he unhesitatinglysaid, 'yes.' He was replied to in regard tothose points wherein be differed from the Society, ina very eloquent manner by L. Moody, John M. Spearand Richard Thayer. The presence of Mr. Bradfordadded much to the interest of the meeting Voted, that the quarterly meeting of the Society be in Middleborough, on the first Saturday andSunday in October next.  Voted, also, that in consequence of the high pricescharged by the several papers in the county, for advertisingnotices of our meetings, that handbills bein future procured, in giving notice of the meetings. The meetings of the Society were quite interesting,and a good spirit presided over all our deliberations.We trust the good cause in Hanover has received additionalstrength and vigor. Application was madeor the Congregational Church, (Rev. Mr. Dumean's,) in which to hold the meetings, but it wasrefused. Great disappointment was experienced onaccount of the absence of Edmund Quincy, who wasexpected to be present. Loring Moody, however,was present, and by his earnestness and acuteness indebats, added greatly to the interest of the meeting.The presence of our good friend J.M. Spear is alwaysacceptable; and no meeting can be without interestwhere his Christian spirit is breathed forth in wordsof truth and soberness. At 5 o'clock, P.M. the Societyadjourned, sins dis. sins dis. H.H. BRIGHAM. Secretary. Secretary. S. Abington, July 18,1846. 
