 NEW-BRDFORD,July 9,1845. EW RDFORD MR. GARRISON: R. ARRISON Knowing your readiness to give publicity to thevarious occurrences which send to promote the greatmoral enterprises of the age, I forward for publicationa desultory narrative of the celebration of theglorious Fourth of July in this town. A meetingwas recently sailed, to ascertain whether the townwould appropriate a sum of money to defray the expencesof a celebration. The subject bring propounded, some of our prominent citizens opposed anappropriation, on the score of economy—the establishmentof a bad precedent—the warlike and immoraltendency of the celebration, &c.—when anotherof our leading public men, who, in reply, contendedearnestly for the appropriation,  that wewould make it a peace celebration! The vote beingcalled, it was carried by acclamation to appropriate1250. So the day was celebrated. The appearanceof the military and the different fire-engine companieswas well suited to the occasion. The orationwas pronounced by Mr. George Lunt, of Newburyport. I did not hear it, but am informed by an intelligenthearer, that it was a faithful representationof the current patriotism of the day. He urged theimportance of a standing army—the duty of sustainingthe country, 'right or wrong,' a dostrise so however prevalent it may be, that, if carried to itslegitimate conclusions, would tend directly to overthrowthe throne of Omnipotence, and erect upon itsruins that of the Prince of Darkness. It is said thathe intimated that the church spires which beautifulour country, ewe their existence to the military ; butin this, I hope, he was misunderstood. The oration,as a whole, was said to be able and eloquent. Someobjections were made to having guns and bayonetscarried late the church; but they were withdrawn,and guns were permitted to accompany their owners,and kept perfectly quiet during the service. Andwhy should they not be admitted? They are indispensableto a proper celebration of the day, as powderand balls are to them, to render them .Had they been excluded, they would have been justifiedin going off,  spends, in terrific carrying dismay to every objector. The officiatingclergyman, who professes to represent, at alltimes the peaceable kingdom of the Son of God,was escorted to the church by the military, readingthe air with martial . He prayed  forthe downfall of , &c., of curse not forgettingus disorganizing, infidel abolitionists—but in theoverflowings of his grateful heart for national blessings, especially national freedom, he quite overlookedthe trivial circumstance of 3,000,000 of God's childrenbeing, at the very moment,  cruelty besoft offreedom by the American people. Whether, also, hemight not have been shocked with the impiety of intreducinga subject so vulgar as that of 'rememberingthese in bonds as if bound with them,' on an ession so inappropriate; or whether, being vto the church in a splendid barouche, seated by theside of the orator of the day, might not have effecteda temporary derangement of his reminiscent faculties, I cannot say. Let charity be stretched to itsutmost limits. The prayer is represented to havebeen very fervent. The celebration concluded witha brilliant exhibition of fire-works in the evening,which afforded great gratification to a large concourseof people. I returned from the spot, earnestly wishingthat no gunpowder might  be burst in acause less unexceptionable than this. I mention, inaddition, a fact or two, to show our progress in thecause of philanthropy. The Church, which wasgranted without objection for this celebration, waspromptly refused to Rev. John Piorpont three orfour years since, who came here to plead for theslave. Clergymen of the different denominationswere in considerable  around and within thechurch, on the celebration day; but when Rev. Mr.Lovejoy repeated his sermon here on the death ofMr. Torrey, to a large audience, there was but oneorthodox congregational clergyman present, and hea stranger. A Peace Convention was held in town,early in the year, and at a full meeting in the ing, there was no clergyman of the denominationjust samed to make a prayer. Alas! how unfortunatefor any cause it is to be unpopular; how lucky the Fourth to be popular, Bull, air, we havesome clergymen in this dark region, who love thecause of the slave and the cause of peace, and whoare neither afraid nor ashamed to preach the wholegospel of Christ. God give us more! Such men Ihonor—I reverse them—while, at the same time, I regardwith mingled emotions of pity and contempt,those clerical men, who while they always shrinkfrom an unpopular duty, are ever ready to fawnaround a political table,  they but catch there afew paltry crumbs of a transient popularity. Muchmen, like the  whom Christ always love the praise of men more thanthe  of God. A SUBSCRIBER. glorious  peace celebration!   them .   spends,   peaceable      inappropriate          
