 Our original motive in writing the article on themaxim—Our Country, right or wrong,' was, part-ly to encourage loyality to the government, and part-ly to save the clerical profession, and the religiouspress so far as we might be concerned with either,from the reproach of unpatriotic sentiments andfeelings. We recollected that in the last war withGreat Britain, the leading orthodox elergy of NewEngland took sides against their country, denounc-ing its government, and from the sacred desk labor-ed to encourage among our people a disposition tohinder our own national successes, and thus to aidan enemy in her hostile demonstrations. As soonas the war with Mexico was declared, we saw thesame unpatriotic spirit moving itself amongst theclergy, and appearing in certain presses of a reli-gious and moral stamp. It seemed to us time to speakout on the side of the country, and let the publicsee that all the elergy and all the papers devoted toreligion were not liable to the reproach which wasin danger of becoming universal against us. There-fore we spoke not. We said, and said frankly, thatwe held it to be our duty, and the duty of all goodcitizens, to go for THE COUNTRY in time of war,and encourage her defence, and not allow an ene-my to overrun us whilst,out of season, we quarrelled ourselves on the question of right or wrongin the cause that might have led to the existingemergency. By this, we said, and thought we saidit plainly enough to be understood by every reader,that we did not mean to say that we should justifycry 'wrong', in the country, any more than in anindividual. That, indeed, we might regret andseek to amend; but being actually in toar, a newduty had arisen—the duty of all good citizens tosupport their government in bringing it to an bon-orable issue. This doctrine seems greatly to havedisturbed certain minds. They think otherwise.They seem to think that it is the privilege of everycitizen for himself to judge whether any act or lawof his Government is 'right or wrong'; and if, inhis judgment, it is wrong, his duty is, not only notto obey that law, but actually to set it at defence.This is nullification of the most anarchical sort.It would dissolve all government, and leave us with-out law: every man being a law unto himself ac-cording to his own caprices. We believe this is adangerous doctrine, and would not encourage it,however speaking against it we may expose our-self to the assaults of its friends. out of season,  right or wrong not Amongst those who have sought to deprive us ofour Christian name, and to represent us as worsethan an infidel on account of our article, we havenot been surprised to witness the attacks fo suchpapers as the Boston Liberator, edited by the monomaniacalGarrison, and other pugnacious non-recietants. It is not, perhaps, with surprise, but it iswith some regret that we have noticed an article inso respectable a paper as the N.Y. Tribune, in oppositionto our views upon this subject. For MrGARKLRY, its talented editor, we have an abidingrespect, and exceedingly regret to see him exertingthe wide-spread influence of his paper on the'wrong.' because the unpatriotic and nullificationside. Better things might have been expected fromso good a source. non-recietants N.Y. Tribune ARKLRY 
