 The editors of this paper hold different opinionsrespecting the propriety of contuing the war withMexico, and Mr Hate states his as follows. It is excellentadvice, as far as it goes, but when the Governmentshows itself too blind or too wicked, or both,to take it, what shall the people do? Here is thepractical question, and here is the answer. Let thesoldiers repent of their contract to commit murder,and forth with refuse to fulfil it, even if the officersand the chaplains proceed to murder them for suchrefusal; and let all who are now out of the army andnavy refuse all connection with them as decidedlyas they would reject any other combination of perfectfully with perfect wickedness. If the slaveholdingofficers have to do all the fighting, the war wontlast long—C.E.W. the people them In the message to Congress in which PresidentPolk reccommended the recognition of war, hesays, 'I shall be prepared to renew negotiationswhenever Mexico shall be ready to receive propositions, or to make propositions of her own.' It becomes, under such circumstances, an inquiryof great interest, what are the demands whichour government makes upon Mexico: and whetherthey form any just cause for prosecuting the war.If we understand the matter, our government demand, first, that Mexico should treat with us. Secondly, that she shall treat about and fix a boundarybetween herself and the United States. Thirdly,that she shall agree to pay us what she owes us.We appeal to the justice and moral sense of the A.merican people to say whether in these thingsthere is any justification for invading the territoryof Mexico and killing her citizens. Has not Mexico, as an independent nation, a right, according tointernational law, to hold diplomatic relationswith us, or not, at her pleasure? This right ispractised upon by ourselves and all civilized nations, without assuming that the withdrawal of suchrelations is cause of war, or even of offence. Ifpecuniary indebtedness, or the settlement of aboundary, is cause of war between nations, authorizinginvasion and slaughter, then may everycreditor enter the house of his debtor and shoothim down, and every farmer who claims a boundaryabout which his neighbor refuses to negotiate,may do the same thing to him. The ground is nobetter in one came than the other, and we fear thatthe statement proves our invasion of Mexico withtheintention of murdering all her citizens who attemptto oppose our invasion, to be not only withoutgood cause, but unjust and wicked; a crime ofthe blackest die. treat With these views it is easy to see how peaceshould be procured. If we cease to prosecute thewar there will be peace. To say we fight forpeace is a delusion. Withdraw your armies andtake a position of unquestionable justice. Weshould say, on this side the Nueces. But if this istoo much to hope for, then on this side the RioGrande. No nation ever had so fair an opportunityto obtain real honor, and lay the world underobligation to us, as we had after the Mexicanswere repulsed. If in the midst of victory we haddeclared, 'We will not disturb the peace of theworld by a war upon Mexico, but content ourselveswith vindicating the integrity of our soil, and ourflag upon the highway of nations;—if Mexico stopshere, no more blood shall be shed;'there wouldhave been high honor in it, and sound policy too.That time is past; but now, let our armies be withdrawnfrom Mexico, and our fleets from the blockadeof her coast, and there will be peace; as good apeace at least as has existed for the last ten years,and just as goal as would exist under any Treatywhich could now be formed, our own recognitionof war only excepted. 
