 The country, Right or Wrong.'—There is a kindof philanthropy or philosophy, a humanity or Chris-tianity, abroad in the land, or a something that haslittle or nothing to do in reality with what either ofthose terms properly denote—a patriotism whicheschews the love of country in a greater love for therace, that we can have little respect or sympathyfor. It is quite too sublimated for our ideas. Itis the peace principle carried—illegitimately, wesay—out to non-resistantism, anti-human-govern-mentism—anarchy and 'confusion worse con-founded.' Its advocates any—and truly—thatChrist brought peace on earth; consequently hisreligion is opposed to war—all war, aggressive ordefensive; consequently all national wars are a vio-lation of the laws of Christ, and, if so, sinful.Every government, therefore, that engages in war—no matter for what cause, for there can be no causeadequate to the justification of any sin—is wrong;and being wrong, no Christian should support it. The country, Right or Wrong. country Thus at last we have a Christianity which arraysthe citizen against his government, and wouldoblige him to be a traitor to his country in order tobe a disciple of Christ. We have said, we cannotsubscribe to such vagaries. They are illegitimatedeductions from abstract principles, which defeatthemselves from their very absurdity. We never supposed that Christ undertook to be apolitical legislator, or to shape the forms of civilgovernment. He declared that his kingdom wasnot of this world. He sought by moral principlesto regulate the morals of mankind, not to concernhimself with political or civil institutions and pow-ers. These he found as the world had alwaysfound them, and as the world will always maintainthem. He did not go to Cesar's throne and bidhim disband the Roman legions and suffer hiskingdom to be overcome by Vandals rather thanput his foes to the sword. He concerned himselfwith none of these things. His mission was adifferent and a higher one. When, therefore,Christians infer from the pacific charactar of hismission that no government has a right to protect it-self by that power which the God of nature andnations has given to man for self-defence, we thinkthey go quite too far on illegitimate ground. pacific protect it- We go for our country—and are willing to add—right or wrong. We do not mean by this that weare bound to believe or say that every act of thegovernment is right; we may believe, indeed, thatit errs in many things. What then? Shall weabandon it and desert its rights? Nay, we will notdo it. We love our country enough to lament overand seek to correct her errings and mistakes, at thesame time we will stand by that country as she is—right or wrong. Is there any immmoral principlein this? We do not believe there is. On the con-trary, we suspect there would be an immorality inus should we desert our country in the day of herneed, because we may judge some of her conductwrong. We would love our country, and by thatvery love 'cover a multitude of sins.' Would younot stand by your family, right or wrong? A husbandand father who would not, is unworthy therelation. A son who would prove recreant to thedefence of his parents, even though he believedthem wrong, would be recreant to duty. No—when danger comes, stand by your country, and af-ter she is defended, entertain, if you will, yourspeculations as to whether she might and oughtnot to have done differently in the premises.There is something which we respect above almostall other things in that faithful attachment to coun-try, family, or even private friends, that wouldoverlook their errors in a manly defence of theirrights. If your house was on fire by the act of anincendiary, would you first give chase to the villainwho applied the torch, and run till you had reachedand chastised him, leaving your house to burn upmeanwhile? or would you first stand by your homeand seek to save it from the flames? After that, re-consider as many questions as you may. So ofwar. When our country is actually involved in it,it is no part of patriotism to spend our time andbreath in discussing the question whether it mighthave been avoided or not; and if we conclude itmight, thence resolve, it is our duty not only towithout our aid, but, actually to discourage andhinder it operations. A man who would do thisis but little better than a traitor. If we are in war—that fact is sufficient for the present. Let us standby the country, right or wrong, and after we havevindicated her, seek again all the influences ofpeace to keep her from ever being found in thewrong. But as long as government is human, it willhave its errors; if this is a reason for its abandon-ment we should never have any government or peace.We sometimes fear that those who decry the patrioticmaxim— support your country, right or wrong—areso very averse to such support that they vibrate tothe other side, and are really inclined not to sup-port her in any extremity. The less we have ofsuch patriotism the better. would family After we are 
