 On' the Resolution of Mr. Hale, in reference isSlavery, in the House of Representatives,of New-Hampshire,June 30 On' the Resolution of Mr. Hale, in reference isSlavery, in the House of Representatives,of New-Hampshire,June 30 MR. SPEAKER:—I am not forward to ask the carof the House; I trust that, keeping within the limitsprescribed to the members by the Rule adoptedyesterday, I shall not weary it. Indeed, I enjoy somuch of the argument, wit and eloquence of gentlemenabout me, that I sometimes really forget thatI have any thing else to do here but to listen. R. PEAKER There are subjects, however, upon which, as acitizen of an intelligent free State, and moreespecially as one of the Representatives of the seatof the principal literary Institutions of New Hampshire, where the young men of the State are instructedand disciplined in the principles and duties oflife, I am not content to be wholly silent. The question before the House is one of thesesubjects—a question of principle, of high moral duty, of liberty and humanity—the great question ofcivil history, upon which have been expended thebest energies of awakened mind all over the world,and with which are connected the dearest hopes ofour race. The resolution under consideration invites untoexpress ourselves on the subject of American Slavery—to speak out—to let our voice be heard asthe Government of New Hampshire, as a portionof the people of the tree hills and the free air ofthe North. The amendment offered by the gentleman fromWeare, proposes inaction—silence. Sir, I canconsent to no such thing. It is time for this Stateto speak, to speak intelligibly and decidedly. Shecannot be still and be guiltless. It is too late forindifference, or neutrality, or delay. It is the dutyof this Legislature to utter its voice in the cause ofhuman liberty. The people of the State demand it;the country looks for it. We cannot evade the responsibility. It is the highest duty of the Governmentat this moment, and I rejoice to see the dispositionhere to meet that duty manfully and hearttily. We shall not regret it; it will be among thecherished recollections of our brief public life. Gentlemen deprecate agitation; they are alarmedat discussion; they court repose and silence. Whynot discuss the matter, Sir? Is any thing to befeared from inquiry? Anything to be lost by considerationand courteous, earnest argument of greatcivil and moral questions? We purpose no violence; no exercise of unconstitutional power, nointerference with the domestic policy of sisterStates. We claim no right to strike the shacklesfrom a single slave. We only assert the liberty ofspeech; we only solicit the ear of the master. Wesay to the people of the slave holding States,'comelet us reason together.' We appeal to the conscience, the judgment, the magnanimous sentimentsof the human heart. And it is matter ofgreat joy, that this appeal is not idle or vain. Itnever was wholly so in any age of the world, noron any important subject. It will not be so in thisinstance. It has not been so hitherto. Discussion has done something for the liberationof the slave already. It has done not a little. Ithas engaged our own attention to the condition andthe rights of the oppressed. The youngest member of this house is able torecollect, when almost nothing was known, orthought, of the American slave, in this remote partof the country. Intercourse with the South wasfrequent. Jefferson has indeed expressed concernand alarm for his guilty country; enlightened philanthropistshad, here and there, ventured to questionthe right, and to condemn the policy of negroslavery. But there existed very little knowledge ofthe subject, and still less interest in it among thepeople at large. Men were absorbed in their ownpursuits, exulting in their own freedom, and gatheringtogether in their places of religious worship, tothank God for the blessings of a free government,and a Gospel, apparently ignorant of the cruel bondageunder which so many of their fellow-men andfellow-citizens were at the same time pining withsorrow and fainting in despair. New-Englandmothers were soothing their infant offspring to reposewith the gentle voice of prayer and the sweethymn of praise, all unconscious that there werethousands and tens of thousands of mothers in thisfree, rejoicing land, who could not call their children, or themselves, their own. No voice was liftedup in their behalf; no prayer for them mingledwith the incense of the public altar, or added fragranceto the odors of the domestic sacrifice. Welabored by day, and went to our beds at night, asif no such thing as slavery existed among our people. We rejoiced as if none wept, and blessed ourselvesas the freest, the best, the happiest of nations. And what do we now see? We see meneverywhere becoming sensible, that all this innocence, and freedom, and happiness are marred bythe toleration of a system of more relentless oppression, of more grinding, galling, hopeless slavery,than ever disgraced the earth or defied the heavens. The pulpit is no longer silent; public assembliesare agitated by the question of universal emuncipation. The rights of the oppressor, the claims ofwronged, outraged humanity, are weighed and appreciated. Not a polititical body can assemble,from the county convention to the National Legislature, without being excited upon the subject. Ecclesiarticalassemblies are divided upon it. TheState, and the Church, and the whole people, arecoming to be alive to the sin and shame of AmericanSlavery. The two great divisions of the Presbyterianchurch, lately met in their General Assemblies inPhiladelphia. One of those bodies was addressedin a fraternal admonition upon the subject fromtheir brethren in Scotland. The other received anepistle of fraternal reproof from their breathren inCanada. The latter, under the usual forms ofcountry and Christian love, was so pungent andcanstic in its remonstrance, that the Assembly, excitedto indignation, were ready to refuse the documenteven a reading. One of the Doctors, moreWury and more prescient than the rest, advised tomoderation, to forbearance. If, said he, we rejectthis fraternal letter, we renounce communion withthe Presbyterian Church of Canada; if we renouncecommunion with the Church of Canada,we must, renounce communion with the FreeChurch of Scotland, and with the PresbyterianChurch of Ireland. And then where is the PreshyterianChurch of the United States of America?Alone in the world. And the brethren heard theChurch of Canada through, though what morethey did, I am not informed. I know, however,that for the first two weeks of their meeting, bothbranches of this church were occupied with Slavery, as a lead ng subject. A large part of theUniforion Clergy have openly declared themselvesabolitionists; the Free Will Baptist Church hasgone over in a body to that side of the question.The Methodist Church is actually rent asunderupon it. And the Episcopal Church is only waiting, as one of her sons has said, till she can movewith dignity, propriety, and effect.' What do we now see? Why, a total revolution,sin, in the state of the public mind—a substantialand prevailing public sentiment, against which noinstitutions can long maintain themselves—a deepseatedand heart-felt respect for human rights andthe blessings of freedom, and knowledge, and Christianity, which cannot subsist in the same country,or the same age, with a systematic oppression, thatcuts off millions of human beings from every thingelevating in knowledge, every thing precious infreedom, every thing divine and heavenly in ourholy Religion. And this great change is one of thefruits of discussion. Another effect of this discussion is that it has attractedto us the attention of the world. The increasedintercourse among the civilized nations hasintroduced a new standard of national justice andhonor—the public sentiment of the world. We feelthe force of the opinions of mankind; we recognizethe authority of the conscience of the human race.No people of any cultivation can be wholly regardlessof this august tribunal. No usage of society,no public wrong, no national error or imruorality,that falls under the condemnation of this inexorableJudge, is likely long to maintain itself. The citizenof the offending State, in his migrations and sojourningsabroad, is marked and reprobated. Hefeels ill at once out of his own country. He looksback to it with mortification, and returns to it withdiminished self-respect. His patriotism is humbled. As the traveller who leaves the cabin of oneor two of our Western steamboats, at the rising ofthe sun, and emerges into the air of the verdant, fragrantmorning, dreams not in what an atmospherehe has passed the night till he returns to it, so thecitizen of an erring,  republic, bred amidesthe wrongs of his native land, must go out from itbefore he can see its institutions and character intheir true light. The American citizen sees the oppression, practised and justified in his own country,most clearly, and feels the shame most keenly as hecomes home again from the  of the OldWorld. There is no longer a country of Europe,where an American republican is  from reproach. Our darkness is made to shine the worldover. Our discussions have discovered our guilt:have published our disgrace; have brought downupon us the denunciation and reprobation of civilizedman, every where. I take no pleasure in it asa national dishonor: but something is to be expectedfrom it as a national remedy.    darkness These discussions have done yet more. Theyhave brought the literature of the world to bearupon the institution of American Slavery. The instruments of human power are greatlychanged. Armies, forts, arasouls, and ships o warhave censed to be the main energies of influenceamong men. Government itself is a secondaryagency in human affairs. The little column of mysteriouscharacters, which so puzzled our childhood,has come to have more weight in the history of theworld, than all the  and  of Europe.The press is the predominant element of our civilization. Society is more directed and moulded byit than by all other causes. And the press, in allits departments, from the productions of Geniusdown to the daily effusions of fugitive thought inmagazines and newspapers, is substantially free inits tone. No work of original mind, no creation ofa lofty philanthropic or poetic inspiration, everbreathes a slavish spirit; such a spirit is at warwith the sentiments of true genius in all ages. Ithas nothing in it congenial with the generous viewsthe liberal feelings, the humane, philanthropic enthusiasmof a profound and permanent literature.   The spirit of literature, more especially christianliterature, is free and friendly to freedom. Andnow that the eye of the master is opened, and hissensibility quickened by public discussion of thesystem of American slavery, he cannot study awork of mind, he cannot read a volume of poetry,cannot run over a romance or a novel of the day,without meeting a contradiction of his philosophyof life, or encountering a rebuke for his inhumanityto man. He cannot admire the pictures of our commonnature in Shakspeare; he cannot be elevatedby the grandeur of our destiny and the wondersof our redemption in Milton; he cannot inhale thesweet breath of love from Cowper, without beingimpressed with respect for human nature in itslowest estate, and destination of human slavery inits mildest form. Were there no book but the Bible, it were itselfenough to stifle the institution of slavery. I do notcare if Abraham had servants born to him in hisown house, if Moses recognized slavery in his civilcode, if our blessed Lord uttered not a word ofcondemnation of it, if St. Paul sent back a servantto his master with an epistle of commendation; stillthere is in the Bible a deep seated hostility to everyform and degree of human servitude. Its fundementaldoctrines of the original equality of allmen before God, of a common redemption by thesame blood, of a practical experience of the samegrace, and a common inheritance of glory in Heaven—those living and glorious truths of the Gospelare all so many arguments and so many instrumentsof universal freedom. They that sit down togetherat the communion of the body and blood of Christ,and converse together, as strangers upon earth, follow-travellersto the new Jerusalem, in which theircommon hopes all centre, and to which their wearyand anxious feet are pressing with a common zeal,cannot be master and slave; they be all brethren. But where is all this agitation to end? Why, sir,just where all discussion ends, in a clearer convictionof truth and a deeper feeling of duty—in theprogress of liberty and the elevation of man—in theadvancement of the happy day, when not a son ofGod shall wear a chain upon his limbs, or feel theiron of oppression in his soul. It will require efforts, earnest efforts, sacrificesof treasure, and, it may be, of blood. No great enterprisefor humanity is ever accomplished withoutthem. But I look to see men arise equal to the crisis,superior to all dangers and endowed by God fortheir mission . The Wickliffs and Luthers, theClarksons and Wilberforces have not all lived yet.In a great cause great men arise and enjoy a charmedlife. A Providence protects them; a cloud ofDivine love is a shield all over them. The scaleswill fall from men's eyes; the veil will be rentfrom their hearts. And when once this point is reached—when slaveryis seen in its true light, as an offence to Heavenand an outrage upon man, as the curse alike of theoppressed and the oppressor, there will be no greatdifficulty in getting rid of it. The herds of humancattle that darken the plains of the south, will meltaway as the flocks that whiten our hills do, whenwe have no longer any interest in multiplying them. Mr. Speaker, I sincerely rejoice, that New Hampshireis speaking out upon this subject. The timehas gone by, when her silence is to be accountedconsent to the extension or the continuance, of negroslavery in these States. I speak not as a Whignor as a Democrat, but as a citizen of a free State,as a minister of the Religion of Liberty. I congratulatethe people of the State, and of the whole country, that the day was come when a son of NewHampshire cannot stand up in the National Legislatue, and sustained by the voice of freedom, in thefree north, renounce the doctrine of our Fathers,that all men are born equal; or subscribe to thepolicy which seeks to strengthen the foundationsand enlarge the dominions of a tyranny, in comparisonwith which the oppression of the AmericanColonies was independence. If it were in my powerI would congratulate the poor victim of this oppressionhimself. I would whisper in his car thecheering and sustaining message, that, in our orisons, his woes and his wasted hopes are at lengthremembered. It would console him under theweight of his weary bondage to know that he hasnew friends among the friends of humanity—newbrethren in the free States, who 'remember themthat are in bonds as bound with them.' 
