 SLAVERY AND THE ECCLESIASTICAL BODIES.—Forthe last fifteen years we have had the most intolerabletempest that ever raged, about Slavery metaphysics. The Baptist and Methodist national organizationshave been broken in sunder, and thechurches of all denominations who have been unwiseenough to admit the debate, have been kept inviolent agitation. Recently, both the PresbyterianGeneral Assemblies had the matter up, and theNew School Assembly spent a couple of weeks,more or less, in discussing it. D.D.'s have writtenpro and con, until the subject is not only thread-bare,but worn to tatters. Well, what have we, as theend of all the tumult? Why, a general agreementthat Slavery is a very bad system, under whichenormous wrongs are done, and yet that there aresome cases in which it is right for individuals tohold slaves, so that the holding of slaves is not initself and of necessity in every single instance,wrong. This, we say, is the general and tolerablyunanimous conclusion; that is to say, the opinionof the whole North, and a majority of the South, isjust exactly what it was twenty, forty, fifty, a hundredyears ago. If any thing, Slavery is lookedupon with rather less abhorrence than it was beforethis discussion commenced; for many extravagantopinions which persons were quite willing to adopt,have been corrected by better information. Jeffersonsaid in reference to the great wrong of slavery, 'Itremble for my country when I remember that Godis just.' No sentiment stronger than this, has beenestablished since. In our judgment, this long-protracted, vindictive, wicked agitation, only leavespublic sentiment where it found it. Public sentimentwas right at the beginning, is right now, andever will be. So now let those who think thesubject worthy of their labors, write on, talk on,labor on. If they can change public opinion, or elicitone particle of light further, they will exceedour expectations. LAVERY CCLESIASTICAL ODIES. It is most wonderful that christian churches at theNorth should ever have allowed the subject ofSouthern slavery to disturb them. It is with themaltogether a foreign and distant subject, withwhich, as churches, they had nothing to do. It isas much out of order in a church meeting, as thetariff or a national bank. Both these are moral, andif you please religious questions, (for any thingcan be made so.) If men will consider the natureof christian churches, and the designs for which theyare formed, they will see that those designs do notinclude such matters. If it were not for the clericalbodies, who perhaps take up slavery for want ofany thing really useful on hand, we might now atonce be rid of the Anti-Slavery disturbance. Butif a bull comes roaring from Caledonia, and anotherfrom Canada, and the ecclesiastical judicatorieshere will give them stable room and all thegreat divines talk about them, and write about them,the noise will go on. The New School GeneralAssembly thought they had settled the question atthe late meeting by adopting the resolutions of theRev. Dr. Duffield, who has a very excellent facultyon such occasions of writing resolutions whichamount to nothing. So the dancing question wassettled very amicably three years ago in the samebody, by adopting the same gentleman's resolutionthat 'promiscuous dancing' was unbecoming amongchristians. This was considered as very distinctlycondemning checked apron balls, and such otherassociations in connexion with dancing as all respectablepeople take care to keep clear of. As to theslavery resolutions, we judge by the New York Observer, that it is very likely their meaning, if theyhave any, is so dubious that all parties, on secondthought, will be liable to be dissatisfied. For ourselves, much as we have written during this furiouswar, we have never attempted to prove slavery tobe either right or wrong; for we know it would bea waste of labor. And what we wish now particularlyto impress on the gentlemen who are laboringso enruestly in this business, is the fact that theyaccomplish nothing. They do not change publicopinion, and cannot. Why then keep up a uselessagitation, even by writing well, when no possiblegood can come of it? It would certainly be a greatfavor to the agitated churches to be left at rest. Themoral and religious interests of the world demandsomething besides controversy, and especially thatabout foreign topics. promiscuous connexion 
