 We cannot but refer again to an amnesty. Thetime for conquering the will of the South has passedThe Administration has not pursued the warwith the necessary spirit, nor with the sagacityneeded for the occasion. There has been too muchpolitical chicanery at work, It is not the countrythat has been most at stake with our officer., butthe interests of politicians—of electioneeringfriends. Hence the appointment to a Major-Generalof Fremont, of Pope, of Phelps, and theelevation of many other incapable men. The Hon.C.J. Biddle denounced the war as a "Black Republican Job."This was very severe; but, inasmuchas the Black Republicans have been enormouslyenriched by the war, it is an undoubted truth. It isnot without foundation, too, in the sense that thoseRepublicans, who are filling their pockets by thecampaign, have no wish that there should be a cessationof hostilities; and because the rebellion hasmuch of its cause in Black Republican politics—which is a compound of wiggery, know-nothingismand abolitionism—it is difficult to prove that ColonelBiddle made an unjust denunciation. But, bowingever this may be, the time for subduing the will of theSouth has gone. That will is now too rampant. Ithas won too many victories to submit quietly toarms. Its victories over those Black Republicanjackasses—McDowell and Pope—have given itpride that it will never acknowledge defeat. Fightinghas only injured our cause. We are able to exterminatethe South—to give its lands to NorthernStates—to emancipate its slaves—to leave it noto this work—to remove completely its population;but we cannot conquer the Southern will. Whilea Southern man remains, there will be a Southernwill that cannot be contoured. We can put theSouth under foot, but its spirit is indomitable. Whatprofit can spring from such a victory? None. Ifthe Southern army was defeated to-morrow, thetemper of revolution would grow all the stronger.The President has issued many proclamations whichhe patriotically believed would be followed by anincrease of Unionism in the South; but his manifestosare spit at, and himself derided. His documentsare of no avail but one—that of enlarging thespirit of rebellion. Can he mention a single proclamationof his that has realized his hopes? Weshould be sorry to impede him in saving the UNION.but his past experience should tell him now thatan armistice would do good. What does the Southwant? Can he not put a question of this nature?Can he not try the value of suggestion for peace?This may not be the highest spirit—it may not beaccording to the way in which guilty rebels shouldbe treated—but it is prudence. We cannot breakthe spirit of the South by arms; and without theirspirit in its freedom, their overthrow would lead tonothing. Enough of blood has been shed; enoughof lives have been lost; enough of desolation to allbranches of industry has been done; and enoughcoercive proclamations have been issued; let us nowtry the virtue of peace. The President is, indeed, ina most unpleasant situation. There is no doubtthat he is honest; but the faction that elected him tothe White House want the war continued, for theirenterprises to realize large fortunes are in the balance;and, notwithstanding the pre-eminence of hisposition, Abraham Lincoln is, in too many instances,the flexible tool of an unscrupulous party. But heshould remember his oath of office, and be untrammelledby anything save the Constitution. That isnow in the worst danger, and as it owes most ofthat danger to the have of war, administered byknow-nothings, abolitionists and republicans, an armistice—a suspension of hostilities—might be offered. inasmuchas the Black Republicans have been enormouslyenriched by the war, it is an undoubted truth. in Black Republican politics the time for subduing the will of theSouth has gone. Black Republican Fightinghas only injured our cause. that of enlarging thespirit of rebellion. NION. an armistice would do good. let us nowtry the virtue of peace. the faction that elected him tothe White House the flexible tool of an unscrupulous party. The election in Philadelphia has gone entirelyagainst the Democratic party—the Republicans whoare composed of Abolitionists, Know-nothings andWhigs—having carried the point by tremendous majorities.The fact is owing to the principle thatpossession is nine points of the law;—perhaps it hasdependence also on unscrupulous chicanery is much to bedeplored. They are the main cause of this unnaturalwar. It is their profit that it broke out—it is theseadvantage to have it continued—because they getthe contracts. So that, in truths, their triumph is acontinuance of the war—a further estrangement ofthe South—a new shedding of blood—a new violencethe Constitution—a new difficulty in therestoration of the Union—an indefinite adjournmentof peace. This iniquitous faction is sufferingfrom what Parson Brown low calls "nigger on thebrain," and it has the itch of avarice on the palms.But its highest ascent in power has been reached.A few more elections will see the Republicans defeatedis the Know-nothings were.—Boston Pilot. They are the main cause of this unnatural a new violencethe Constitution This iniquitous faction "nigger on thebrain," Boston Pilot. Garibaldi is a warrior of infidelity, as Voltaire wasits essayist. The sword of the one is sharpened bythe infamous doctrines of other. The accursedphilosopher looked upon the ejection of infamy onthe Popes as the most splendid thing his talentscould perform: and he was incessantly engaged inthe execution of his bad design. The villainous buccaneeralways regarded the utter military demonstrationsmade by the Papacy as the most necessaryin the world has yet required, and he is now, aftersaving vainly shed the blood of thousands, in orderto carry it out. The two are precisely in the positionof master and scholar. Had Francois de Aronetgiven his talents a moral direction, it is certainthat Ginseppi Garibaldi had not been to-day the extravagatedscoundrel that he is. The worst containingremark that can be made on any criminalis this, that his career has been to realize the diabolicalprinciples of the Satan of France; and thatsuch has been the career of Garibaldi, the voice ofMr. Peter's representative himself, that of all theCardinals, and Bishops and Priests of the wholeChurch, and of all the faithful, sufficiently attest.A universal decision of this nature cannot be wrongIt weighs against Protestant England—against ProtestantAmerica—against all Protestantism—againstevery opposition that can be found. Evidence likethis can never be logically rejected. Protestantsto be sure, give it rejection, and there are somecontemptible Catholics whose absurd spirit of independencewould revolt at it; but universal judgmentsstand for ever; the decision of the prejudicedfew soon disappears; and while the world endures,the majority of its inhabitants will hold that Garisonhas been the villain the excommunication of theChurch declares him to be. We might present hisdesperate character by enumerating his deeds; butthey are too many to be confined in a newspaperarticle; and the judgment (which) we have given,)that has been pronounced on him, describes the entirecase. That judgment is replete with universalcondemnation; it has, therefore, a cause of inexpressiblewickedness. Garibaldi is a warrior of infidelity The villainous buccaneer the extravagatedscoundrel that he is. cannot Garisonhas been the villain the excommunication of theChurch declares him to be. hisdesperate character It is now said that this Voltairian pirate, findinghimself unable to take Rome from the Pope, and tostir up rebellion in Sardinia, has offered himself andsix thousand Italian soldiers to the American government,as aid in suppressing the rebellion; andmany are of opinion that the whole country wouldgenerously accept so magnanimous an offer. this Voltairian pirate The Republican press is clapping hands veryboisterously on this circumstance. The New YorkTribune, and many other papers of that fanaticstamp, and all the violent Protestant journals in theland, have taken it up with much glee, and given itthe widest commentary they could command. Garibaldiis another Lafayette; his braves will be accepted;there will be eagerness, as there is highhonor, in enlisting among such veterans, and theirfighting in America will be the best means that hasyet happened of furthering the down-trodden libertiesof Europe—say the majority of our cotemporaries. Tribune It is singular with what facility the Americanpeople may be played on. Louis Kossuth humbuggedthem out of their time, out of their money, out oftheir admiration, out of their wits. The infamousLola Montes had almost as great success. No manyet has understood his countrymen so well as Barnum.And are they now to have Garibaldi foistedon them? Is it from true generosity that he hasoffered his six thousand Italian cut-throats? Bothhe and his men are rebel war dogs out of business,and together they are willing to become mercenaries.This is really the case of Garibaldi and hismen. There should be no doubt that JeffersonDavis could get a bargain of these Italians, andthey would suit him admirably,—for, like his own unfortunatetroops, they are rebels. Six thousand Italianrebel mercenaries! Who could command sucha herd of revolutionists? The Administration woulddeserve immediate dismissal from power, if it acceptedinto the army revolutionary troops fromanother country. Such an act would make theworld say that we have no right to put down therebellion of the South, for the act would be eminentlyencouraging to revolutionists. May theUnion never see the disgraceful day of suppressingdomestic rebels by foreign rebels' swords! Anythingbut that! And who would join these six thousandscoundrels? The curse of the Church is ontheir heads. What Catholic would like to drawsabres by the side of such men? It is a falsehoodthat there would be any eagerness to unite withthem.—Boston Pilot. six thousand Italian cut-throats? rebel war dogs six thousandscoundrels? Boston Pilot. 
