 To the Editors of the Boston Daily Advertiser: To the Editors of the Boston Daily Advertiser: Let the mudsills of Massachusetts read what thechivalry say of them and their masters, the friendsof the rebels here. masters Dr. Bellows informs us that the slaveholders arebrave and fascinating aristocrats, with small handsand feet! Lucky for us, since we were made only to be troddenupon. Their fingers are certainly light enough!Witness their exploits M pillage, before which thechivalric Dick Turpin and Captain Kidd sink intoinsignificance. We always knew they were born to rule us, but,until lately, they claimed to do it through their dearfriends, the pro-slavery democrats. What new light has broken in upon Mr. GeorgeFitzhugh? He now talks of waiting until the "gentlemen,conservatives, scholars and Christians, who have alwaysridden our masses, shall be again in the saddle!" If we are such asses as to let them mount, maytheir spurs be sharp and their lash heavy, for weshall deserve it! What has lately happened in Massachusetts, tolead these chivalric, small-footed gentry to expect arevolution here in their favor? Can it be the "No Party" movement for sustainingthe President? No Party Are they so infatuated as to believe that the peopleof Massachusetts, entrenched behind their commonschools, are to be caught by such flimsy chaffas this "No Party" concern? The old proverb says it is wise to learn from ourenemy! Let any honest and patriotic men, who have beenseduced by their prejudices into this "No Party"movement, read Mr. George Fitzhugh, and considerwhat sort of company they are getting into! Let the people of Massachusetts read him, andkeep a sharp look out for the virtuous and intelligentgoverning clam which be so soop expects to seeriding them! governing AUDAX. UDAX. "We shall not offend our friends in Massachusettsby legislation directed at the party now in the ascendant.Never was m baser set of wretches in possession ofpower than those who have ruled and voted in thatState ever since the time of the Hiss Legislature;and yet no State possesses so many men eminentlyfitted to rule. The creatures born with saddles on theirbacks, have thrown their riders. The dogs have escapedfrom the kennel. But horses and dogs need masters;they cannot long live without them. The present governingclass in Massachusetts are naturally the lower layerof society. They are incapable of fulfilling, for anylength of time, any other offices than those belongingto that lower layer. They will soon subside into theirproper position, and be glad to get gentlemen, andconservatives, and scholars, and Christians, to ruleover them, while they 'hew the wood and draw thewater.' These outbreaks of society, in which 'themeanest get uppermost,' will occasionally occur.But, in the long run, virtue governs vice, intelligencegoverns ignorance, religion controls infidelity. Let usof the South be patient, and wait for that process ofsubsidence end stratification in Northern society, whichwill be sure to put our friends uppermost; for it is asnatural for them to rise, as it is for the masses to beridden. He who denies that God made the multitudeto be directed, governed and controlled by the few, andthat this common multitude is happier, more virtuousand prosperous, when governed, than when governing,quarrels with the course of nature, and disputesthe wisdom and beneficence of Deity. Universalsuffrage may pat society wrong side up, hut nature isall-powerful, and soon brings down the lower layer orstratum to its true place.'—[GROUGE FITENUGN, ofVirginia. Never was m baser set of wretches in possession ofpower The creatures born with saddles on theirbacks, have thrown their riders. The present governingclass in Massachusetts are naturally the lower layerof society. whichwill be sure to put our friends uppermost; them masses controlled by the few ROUGE ITENUGN 
