 Some of our exchanges come to us with longleaders under the above heading; They are endeavoringto establish the fact of inequality of races,and argue thence that the weaker races arenaturally and inevitably to be enslaved by thestronger. They say that the black race is inferiorto the white race, and that wherever the two havecoexisted, the whites, if sufficiently numerous, haveheld the blacks in slavery. Because this has been,they argue that it must continue to be. In theirview, the President's proclamation is aimed againsta social status, fixed and permanent by the laws ofGod. This "higher law" receives their homage.They are its willing subjects, and evidently hopeit will over-rule anti-slavery proclamation and actsof Congress. status But the equality of races is not the point in question.In this argument we do not care whether theancient Egyptians, whose armies overran and subjugatednearly all Asia, were white or black. It is ofno consequence, whether or not the blank race in theperson or Hannibal gave to the world its greatestgeneral Suppose we grant, for the purpose of argument,that the black race is inferior to the whiterace. This being the fact, the superior race wouldundoubtedly, so long as it remained in a state ofsemi-barbarism and heathenism itself, bold the inferiorrace in subjection and bondage. In the earlierages of the world, when the normal state of allraces seems to have been war, the more powerfultribes, after defeating their weaker neighbors inbloody battles, devastated their territory, robbedthem of their property, and reduced them to slavery.This was in accordance with natural laws,so long as the human race was subject to the baseand uncontrolled rule of its animal nature. But Christianity and civilization have changed allthat, and whoever should now argue that we oughtto treat our enemies as the old nations did, as eventhe Israelites—the chosen people of God—did asthey believed under his express command, wouldonly subject himself to the imputation of crueltyand barbarism. He would be regarded as an anomaly,a waif from the dark ages, which, somehowor other surviving its day and generation, had comedown to us that we might know what manner ofmen these old barbarians were. The advocate of slavery, as she necessary resultof the inequality of races, at the present time standsin the same category as would the advocate of theenforcement of the old rules of barbarous war inthis age of Christian enlightenment. He is out ofhis place. Existence in this era of light and programmost be as painful to this estray from the darkages as it would be to an owl to be exposed to thefull sunshine of day. We must bear with himpatiently, for be is an object of pity as well as ofblame, and is the cause of more suffering to himselfthan to others. The "higher law" of the Christian,in contradistinction to that of the pagan,teaches us that the strong should sustain and encouragethe weak instead of tyrannizing over them shouldelevate rather than oppress them. If the blacks areinferior to the whites, then it is doubly oar duty, asa Christian people, to remove the yoke which superiorpower has imposed upon them, and assist themin attaining to whatever social and moral elevationtheir natures may be capable of. The men who believe in the inferiority of theblack race, and thence infer that it should be heldin slavery, prove themselves to belong to a pastsemi-barbarism, rather than than the present civilization,and to be possessed of the nature of bulliesand cowards, rather than of brave men and Christians.—Worcester Spy, Oct. 8th. Worcester Spy 
