 What has the South gained by rebellion? Agriculturalimpediments from which famine is sure toresult; mercantile ruin that can never be repaired;manufacturing losses of the most unfortunate nature;and domestic desolations which no earthlycircumstances can liquidate. These are the profitsthe South has gained by its treason; and the sameprofits are increasing every day. Each twenty-fourhours the Union has a new victory to exult in; andas time passes, the Southern resources are becomingtremendously crippled. But for all this—in thevary presence of the worst disasters already in extence,and of a certain repetition of them, if thetreason continues—the Confederate authorities stillhope to carry their point, are as inveterate as overin their wicked resolve to split the Republic Firmness,when guided by a good understanding, deservesthe highest commendation, but when it degeneratesinto surly stubbornness, there should be nopatience with it That it is stubbornness which nowinfluences the Richmond government, no one candeny. What hopes of success can the Confederacyentertain? Can it recover back Tennessee? Is itable to restrain North Carolina from re-entering theUnion? Will Maryland—now loyal Maryland—join it? What? means has it for expelling GeneralButler from New Orleans? Are snore any moreMerrimacs in its capacity? Has it a navy? Whatcan it do to take Norfolk form General Wool? Canit prevent General McClellan from taking Richmond?In a word, what hope of success of anydescription can the South legitimately entertain?It can entertain no hope. Is it blind to this fearfulcondition of the utter—the glaring—the most certainimpossibility of success? These man must havesome intelligence; they cannot but have clear convictionsthat their cease is entirely under the ironheel of the loyal North. Why then do they persist?What do they hope to do for the South?Has not their treason over who land it sufficientlywith misfortune? In it for themselves, or for whatthey call their country, they persist in treason? Ifthey have any patriotisms for the letter, they shouldat once break up. Their persistence is murderouscruelty. It will until in the South? for the Northis able to restore the Union and it will do it at allhazards. After "Bull Run," there was a shadowof hope for the confederacy but that battle hasbeen reversed more than a thousand fold, and newreversed are happening every day Further persistenceis not only a great crime, it is also a mostblind imprudence. But if our friends will persist,so, will the North; and the North will carry thevictory.—Boston Pilot; June 7th. Northis able to restore the Union and it will do it at allhazards. Boston Pilot; June 7th. 
