 The Yankee government has at last laid aside alldisguise. Lincoln openly proclaims the abolition ofslavery throughout the entire South, wherever aslave is held. The time for issuing this proclamationhas been singularly well chosen. It is whenthe discharge of Pope's last officer has left our government,for the present entirely without the meansof retaliation. It is singularly consistent with thebehavior of Lincoln when Pope's infamous proclamationwas issued. That document was not sentforth until Lincoln had assured himself that thecartel had been or would be signed. For the proclamation itself, it does not in the leastalter the character of the war. It has been anabolition contest from the beginning, and is no morean abolition contest now than it was at first. TheYankees have stolen and set free all the negroeswho were willing to go wherever their soldiers havehad possession of the country. It is best for us, indeed,that the mask should be entirely laid asidesince our people, no longer deluded into the beliefthat slave property will be respected, will be carefulhereafter to remove it beyond the reach of danger. This document is merely curious form the cleardemonstration which it affords of the entire possessionwhich the abolition party hat taken of the federal.government, that the utter prostration of thelast remnant of what need, with no much auction,to be termed by the canting knaves of New England,"the bulwark of our liberties,"—we meanthat ridiculous old Constitution of the United States,which no party ever paid any attention to whenthey were strong enough to disregard it, and fromwhich no party, too weak to justify its position withthe sword, ever received the slightest protection.That the whole North will acquiesce, in this lastkick of the expiring Constitution, cannot be doubted.Experience has proved that we have nothingto hope from any party in that quarter. Eager asthey may be to cut each other's throats, they are stillmore eager to cut ours, and to that pious work, wemay be assured, they will devote themselves with alltheir energy. They are already calling for a millionmore of men, and the probability is that theywill have them long before Christmas. We mustmake up our minds to meet the men, and to beatthem, as we both can and will, if they come here.—Richmond Dispatch, Sept. 20th. that ridiculous old Constitution of the United States Richmond Dispatch, Sept. 20th. 
