 To the Editor of the Toronto Globe: To the Editor of the Toronto Globe: SIR,—I have read with much satisfaction your recentarticles on the emancipation of slaves in theUnited States; they were in direct contrast and ajust rebuke to that pro-slavery sheet, the Leader. Itout-herods Herod in its love and praise for the man-stealer,and his hellish institution. The colored man,as well as every member of the human family, hasmuch cause to rejoice that we have here such an advocateof the rights of man, without distinction ofcolor; one that is not dependent upon the bloodstainedmoney of a few slaveholders and their sympathizersto keep up his circulation, but rises abovelow prejudice and pecuniary consideration to takeup the cause of the oppressed. And, sir, when thehistory of this rebellion is written, the Globe willbold a prominent place in that galaxy of stars whichshall be noted for their advocacy of freedom toall men. The Leader has all his sympathy laidup in store for the Slaveocrat, who has grown fat,rich and arrogant upon the bones, blood and musclesof human beings, and deals it out with a profusionthat knows no bounds; but be has none for the poordefenseless slave, who has been cut, slashed, burnt,and outraged in all manner of ways, his flesh beentorn by bloodhounds, his daughters prostituted, hiswife and children sold away thousands of miles fromhim, and the sleeping babe of his wife stolen fromthe cradle while its mother is absent on her dailyduties. IR pro-slavery Leader. bloodstainedmoney Globe Leader The Leader pretended some time since that, if theNorth was fighting for the freedom of the slave, beand the people of Canada could sympathize withher; but as soon as Congress passed the ConfiscationAct, to liberate the slaves of the rebels, he laboredwith all his might to prove it to be barbarous andunconstitutional! And when President Lincoln performsthe crowning act of his administration, andissues his proclamation of emancipation,—for whichmillions of hearts all over the world will beat inthanksgiving to God,—the Leader, true to his instincts,commences to burl his epithets against himand his proclamation! Leader Leader It seems the Leader fears that emancipation willcause an influx of free colored people into Canada.Nothing can be more erroneous. On the contrary,it will be the best thing that could be done to prevent aninflux either into the North or Canada. And I thinkany one who asserts that the slaves will, when free,desert the places of their nativity in the sunny South,and come to this cold and inhospitable climate,where they will be subject to the diseases incidentalto it, and from which they enjoy perfect immunitythere, (to say nothing of the cold-hearted and cruelprejudice exhibited towards them here by certainevil-disposed persons,) must either be a fool or aknave. But suppose, Mr. Editor, for argument'ssake, a few thousands of those stout fellows, withwhom John Mitchell, the convict, wished to have aplantation down South well stocked, and who havemade the South what it has been by the sweat oftheir brow, who have kept the Lancashire looms goingso long, the stoppage of whose productions isnow dealing such a heavy blow to Britain, and reducingher operatives to famine and beggary, wereto settle upon some of our rich lands not now undercultivation, and make them to yield their naturalproductions so as to increase their value, what objectioncould there be to it? For the country is certainlyin want of laborers, and it cannot be said thatwe have not good farmers amongst us; for it is proverbialthat some of the best farms in Western Canadaare owned by colored men, and some, too, thatthey have bought from white men who had failed tosucceed, and were obliged to sell out themselves, toprevent the sheriff from doing it for them. Leader it will be the best thing that could be done to prevent aninflux either into the North or Canada. It cannot be disguised, Mr. Editor, that both theNorth and South are getting well scourged for theiroppression of the colored man; and Canada maynow learn a lesson from which she should profit,rather than take a retrograde movement to oppressthe poor and helpless. And let her not forget thewords of Thomas Jefferson who said, "When I rememberthat God is just, I tremble for my country." But, says the Leader, you are better off as slavesthan if you were free. Well, if slavery is such abenign institution, let him and his coadjutors makea trial of it; and as old uncle Abe is going to deprivethe black race of its great blessings and benefits,they will have a good chance of monopolizing itNor need they fear any competition, or that theywill not succeed for want of capital. It only wantswilling hearts, with union and perseverance; and althoughat first it will come a little awkward to them,they have only to keep trying, when I am sure theywill be able to transmit to their posterity some of theimprints of its beauties—namely, flat noses, retreatingforeheads projecting teeth, thick lips, large feet,and long heels; and, should they get down in someof the rice swamps of South Carolina, perhaps theymay ever succeed in hading down a black skin anda woolly head of hair. For Hugh Miller tells us,in his "Testimony of the Rocks," page 272, that"There are cases in which not more than from twoto three centuries have been found sufficient thoroughlyto alter the physiognomy of men." And Further,"On the plantation of Ulster in 1611, and afterwardson the success of the British against therebels in 1641 and 1639,' says a shrewd writer ofthe present day, himself on Irishmen, "great multitudesof the native Irish were driven from Armaghand the south of Down, into the mountainous tractextending from the Barony of Flours eastward tothe sea; on the other side of the kingdom the samerave were exposed to the worst effects of hunger andignorance, the two great brutalizes of the humanrace. The descendents of these exiles are new distinguishedphysically by great degradation. Theyare remarkable for open, projecting moths, withprominent tooth and exposed gums; and their advertisingcheck bones and depressed noses bear barbarouson their very front." Leader In conclusion, Mr. Editor, I have to express toyou, what I am satisfied every intelligent coloredperson feels, gratitude for your noble and manly advocacyof our cause, with a wish that God mayspeed you in the work of imbuing in the minds ofpeople pare principles of liberty and equality toall men. I remain, dear sir, Your humble servant,ONE OF THE SONS OF HAM.  Toronto, Oct 2, 1862. 
