 Among the letters read at the Brooks dinner,which we find in the Edgefield Advertiser, in thefollowing from Senator Mason, of Virginia. Whatit says in reference to Federal affairs is equallybold, true, and worthy of the past course of thatdistinquished statesman: Edgefield Advertiser SELMA, Frederick County, Va.,29th September, 1856.} ELMA Gentlemen: I have had the honor to receiveyour letter of the 13th inst., inviting me, on behalfof the constituents of Col. Preston S. Brooks, to adinner to be given to him by them, on the 3d ofOctober next, in 'testimony of their complete endorsementof his Congressional course.' It has been my good fortune to have enjoyed theacquaintance of your able and justly-honored Representative,on terms both of social and politicalintercourse, from his entrance into the House ofRepresentatives; and I know of none whose public careerI hold more worthy the full and cordialapprobation of his constituents than his. He has shown himself alike able and props tosustain the rights and the interests of his constituentin debate and by vote; or to vindicate in adifferent mode, and under circumstances of painful duty,the honor of his friend. I would gladly,therefore, unite with you, were it in my power, inthe testimonial proposed by his generous constiments;but regret that the distance which separates us,and my engagements at home, must forbidit.  Perhaps it may not be unacceptable, in closingthis letter, to say a few words to my fellow-citizensof Edgefield District, whom you represent, on thecondition of the country. None can mistake, or in the South can remaininsensible to the times that are upon us. The issue (until now averted) between a numerialmajority on the one side, and sworn faith toa written compact on the other, is about to betried. The Southern States represent the minority,both in States and in people, on this issue.Not their property alone, but their honor andsafety are at stake in the result; for I look onthe pending election of a President interestingchiefly to the South, as it will be a type of opinionand purpose at the North. Reason and argumentare exhausted—we have done whatever lay withus to bring the majority back within the pale ofconstitutional power: and can no only awaitthe popular vote. Should it be found to stand by, and to upholdthe Constituion, then we should once more lookforward with confidence and hope to the continuance of a Union established in mutual and patriotic sacrifaces,and having its sanction in fraternalfaith. But in a reverse of all this, should a dominantsectional vote be directed to bring into power thosepledged in advance to break down the barriers interposedby the compact of federation for thesecurity of one section against the other, then, inmy calmest judgment, but one course remains forthe South:—Immediate, absolute and eternal separate. Immediate, absolute and eternal separate. Better, far better, to stand toward the NorthernStates as we stand to the rest of the world — 'Enemiesin war, in peace friends' — than to remainhalting under a common government, enemies,under the guise of peace, or friends at war. Again regretting, gentleman, that I cannot bewith you, I am, with great respect, J.M. MASON. 
