 At the resent anniversary of the Pennsylvania Anti-Slavery Society, at Norristown, Rev. HENRY GREW, ofPhiladelphia, made a timely and impressive speech—aportion of which we give below:— ENRY He said it was very desirable that the true positionof the Society on the subject of disunionshould be understood. Christ said he came to divide the household, but was the disunion of thehousehold his first object? By no means; hisgrand object a revoluted world back to God. Why thendid he say he came to separate households? Becausehe knew that the truth would meet with opposition,so that that would be the effect. If allhad received the truth, there would have been nodisunion. Just so now. Do we seek disunion noour first object? Nay, verily; we could to Godthat the whole country were united on the basis oflove to God and to one another: then this terribleconflict would end, and we should be at peace. Weseek a anion in righteousness, and peace, and love;but if we cannot have this, we would have a separation.It is better to separate than to be involvedin this system of iniquity.... WHAT IS OUR PRESENT DUTY? Is it to unite witheither of the political parties? What are they?What are their principles? HAT IS OUR PRESENT UTY What is the platform of the Democratic party?Democratic! Was there aver a greater misnomer?What kind of Democracy is that which not onlyrivets the chain of oppression on four millions ofthe human brotherhood, who have equal claims toliberty with ourselves, but which is laboring withall its devilish wisdom to multiply its victimsthroughout the entire land! What a lovely specimenof Democracy was that galling chain whichH.W. Beecher exhibited at the Tabernacle, at NewYork! A chain put on an innocent man to preventhim tasting a drop of the sweet cup of freedom!Well do the despots of the earth mock atour pseudo-Democracy. Many, however, repudiate this platform. Wewould be thankful for this, and he glad. Whatthen is the Republican Platform? Is it to proclaimliberty throughout the land to all the inhabitantsthereof, as God and justice and lore demand?Let its leaders answer for themselves. Senator Wilson declared, 'I would rather dropdead in my place than interfere with slavery in theStates.' What, I ask, is the plain English of this?It is that be would rather die and go to the judgmentof the Almighty, who hates oppression, thanto claim the obedience of human legislatures toGod's law of righteousness and love. More thanthis, the gentleman would rather die than demandof State Legislatures to practice that very justicewhich the Constitution he has sworn to maintainis avowedly framed to establish. Col. Fremont, the candidate for the Presidency,says he is 'inflexible in the belief that slaveryought not to be interfered with where it exists underState sovereignty.' The vilest system of oppressionwhich the sun ever behold—the robberyof millions of men of their acknowledged inalienableright to liberty—the cruel severance of all theendearing relationship of husband and wife, parentsand children, brother and sister—he will notInterfere with. If he says he would interfere withsome of the wont features of slavery on the groundthat they are moral wrongs, why, in the name ofconsistency, we ask him, does he not interfere withthe entire system for the same reason? State sovereignty!indeed. The alternative is, that eitherthe righteous sovereignty of the Almighty Rulerof the righteous sovereignty of depravedworms of the dust, must be interfered with—andMr. Fremont chooses the former! Yet, he says,'I am for liberty, and for liberty only.' O consistency,thou art a jewel! Mr. Elmer, of Massachusetts, says, 'We mustsay to the slaveholders, thus far shall ye come, butno farther.' Would he say this if himself, hisown wife, and his own children were the victims?On what principle can he thus sanction this infamousoutrage on human rights without sanctioningits extinction? Lieutenant-Governor Ford, of Ohio, says, 'Theyshould unite to restrict the spread of slavery, andlet the institution stink itself out of existence inits present limits.' I tell the Governor it is toosavory in the nostrils of its advocates, to do this.As well might he expect to restrict a viper whowas feeding on his vitals. It has been well remarked,that freedom must cut the throat of slavery,or slavery will cut the throat of freedom. Mr. Schaffer, of New York, says, 'If we unitewith the Republicans, they would go forth to victory.'What victory? The victory which we areseeking—the victory which God's law of righteousnessand love demands—to break every yoke and letevery oppressed brother go free? Nay, verily, avictory which leaves three and a half millions ofthe human brotherhood in the gall of bitterness,and in the bonds of the vilest system of iniquitythe devil ever invented. Mr. Schaffer says to theSouth, 'We acknowledge your rights as States,'but if you look on free suit, you had better have amill-stone around your necks, and you lying at thebottom of the Gulf of Mexico. He said, 'he hadnever bean an Abolitionist, and did not intend to beone now.' I tell Mr. Schaffer that he had betterhave a mill-stone around his own neck, and hedrowned in the depths of the sea, than to acknowledgethe rights of the South to offend one of Christ'slittle ones that believe in him, by rubbing him ofthe inalienable right of freedom. Mr. George Law says of the Sooth. 'The Northdoes not desire to encroach one inch on their privileges.'What privileges? Why, the privileges offlogging women, hunting innocent man with blood-hounds,and selling babies by the pound! Mr.Beecher says, 'I would not, if I bad the power,lay the weight of my little finger, politically, uponSouth Carolina, to take from her the least right sheholds under the Constitution, much as I hate thatsystem she retains with such tenacity. In theserights the meet and shall be protected.' Mr. Banks appears to occupy a still more odiousposition on the Republican platform. 'The question(he says) is not that we shell legislate againstthe South upon the question of slavery. It is notthat we shall legislative upon the Fugitive Slave Law.We don't raise the question whether, in the future extensionof our territory, slavery shall be prohibited orus.' In the name of humanity, we ask, what thenwill he do? He says, 'We abandon all these questions,and we stand upon this distinct proportion—that that which gave peace to the country in1829, and that which assured the peace of thecountry in 1850, cught to be made good by theGovernment of the United States, with the consentof the American people. That is all we ask—nomore, no less, no better and no worse.' We don't raise the question whether, in the future extensionof our territory, slavery shall be prohibited orus. We abandon all these questions That is all we ask—nomore, no less, no better and no worse.' Thus he not only abandons the cause of threeand a half millions of his brethren, leaving themwithout hope to gross and blood and die in all thehorrors of slavery, but he sanctions the extension ofthe outrage. Thus does the Republican party'how the knee to the dark spirit of slavery.' In the name of humanity, I ask, is this an appropriatepolitical platform for any man to occupy,who has a crop of the milk of human kindness leftin his breast? WHAT IS THE AMUSEMENT! —To induce us to dothis, we are told that we cannot obtain all we wishfor, and that by aiding the Republican party, weshall obtain a part, and prevent a greater evil; andthat half a loaf is better than no bread. To thiswe have serveral replies. We maintain, indeed, the duty of doing good in whatsoever degree wecan, when it can be done without violating moralprinciple. HAT IS THE MUSEMENT! part First, we affirm that the Republican platform isan immoral one. It is partial, selfish, contracted, asits concessions to the slave oligarchy clearly prove.It has more regard to the welfare of the white manthan to that of the colored man, who is the chiefsufferer. Of two moral evils, we have no right tochoose either. partial, selfish, contracted white man colored man Moreover, we deny that half a loaf it betterthan no bread in all cases. If by instating on myright to a whole loaf to-day, and refusing to receivethe half. I can obtain my right to-morrow,and thereafter the whole, then no bread to-day is'better than half a loaf.' all cases. The fact is, that the concessions of the Republicanparty weaken and almost annihilate theirmoral power. These concessions of the lawfulnessof slavery in the States where it now exists go farto establish the lawfulness of it in States or Territorieswhere it does not exist. In truth, if it isright for one State to hold slaves, it is right for all.Surely, my friends, it moot be a moral wrong tovote for a man who is pledged to disobey the commandof God, to let the oppressed go free, and refusesto establish impartially that very justicewhich the Constitution was avowedly framed tosupport. 
