 Mr. Greeley, of the New York Tribune, sends us thefollowing letter of inquiry:— Tribune NEW YORK, Oct. 29, 1856. EW ORK DEAR SIR: EAR IR The Pennsylvanian publishes conspicuously from dayto day the following:— Pennsylvanian 'We hold that honesty in politics, no is every thingelse, is the best policy. We do not believe falsehood instranger than truth.'—Horace Greeley. honesty Horace Greeley. COMMENTARIES. 'The Garrisonian Abolitionists do not support Fremont;on the contrary, they will neither vote for him,nor advise efforts to do so.'—Horace Gresley. do not Horace Gresley. 'Now, this is a false imputation. We have neveravowed any such preference, in private or in public, inspeech or in writing; on the contrary; we have UNIFORMLYEXPRESSED OUR "PREFERENCE" FOR FREMONTas against Buchanan or Fillmore, AND THIS IS THEUNIVERSAL FEELING OF THE "ULTRA ABOLITIONISTS."'—Wm. Lloyd Garrison. false imputation. We have neveravowed any such preference, in private or in public, inspeech or in writing; on the contrary; we have REMONT as against Buchanan or Fillmore Wm. Lloyd Garrison. 'If we had a MILLION of votes to bestow, we shouldcast them all for the Republican candidate.'—Wm.Lloyd Garrison. Wm.Lloyd Garrison. Will you please state in reply whether the above fairlyrepresents your views, and whether you will personallyvote, and advise these who agree with you to vote,for Col. Fremont? Yours,HORACE GREELEY. WM. LLOYD GARRISON, Esq. M. LOYD ARRISON ☞To these inquiries, we shall make categorical replies.1. Personally, we shall not vote for Fremont.2. We do not advise those who agree with us to votefor him, because he goes for perpetuating 'the Unionas it is'—we for its immediate dissolution as 'a covenantwith death.' 3. The language attributed to us bysuch lying journals as the Pennsylvanian and the BostonPost, bring torn from its connection and baselygarbled, does not truly represent our views. We said'if there were no moral barrier to our voting.' (butthere is,) and we had a million of votes to bestow, weshould cast them all for Fremont, 'as against Buchananand Fillmore'—not because he is an abolitionist ora disunionist, (for he is neither, any more than wasWashington, Jefferson, Webster, Clay or Jackson, occupyingprecisely their ground,) but because he is forthe non-extension of slavery, in common with the greatbody of the people of the North, whose attachment tothe Union amounts to idolatry. Pennsylvanian Post Well, the Presidential struggle will terminate on Tuesdaynext, with all its forgeries, tricks, shame, lies andslanders. Laus Dee! Whatever may be the result,upon our banner will still be inscribed in ineffaceablecharacters the motto, 'NO UNION WITH SLAVEHOLDERS!' Laus Dee! 
