 What excuse, what pretext, will Col. Fremont'selection afford for dissolving the Union!Will Slavery be in any respect more secure withthe Union than it now is? Will dissolutioncatch runaway negroes? Will it restore Kansasto the domination of the Slave Power? Will it givethat Power control over the Treasury, the Armyand the Navy? Suppose Brooks &Co. could grabwhat money there may happen to be in the Treasury atWashington—perhaps two millions in all–and add to it what is on deposit in the SouthernSub-Treasuries, what of it! They would only bekilling the goose that has thus far laid them golden eggs.It is not what is in the Treasury, butwhat is coming in, that is of vital consequence;and this in mainly collected at Northern seaportsand North-western Land-Offices. in No—there will be no dissolution of the Unionuntil the Slave Power shall have extended its linesand set its stakes for beyond its present boundaries.Give it Kansas on the one hand, and Cubaon the other, with Mexico and Control Americaready to be grasped and swallowed, and it maytry to experiment of a dissolution; but it is notready yet, and will not be while Fremont is president.Outside of South Carolina, the secessionparty is feeble, even at the South; while at theNorth, the disunion sentiment is confined to Mr.Garrison's little sect, who do not comprise a hundredthpart of the people. These are all opposedto Fremont, thinking his election will prevent adissolution; but, as they don't vote, they canhelp the Buchaneers only by writing mischievousparagraphs and making silly speeches, to be circulatedby the Slavery Extensionists among ignorantand credulous people who do not know thatthe Aboltion Disunionists are hostile to Fremontand the Republicans. They do no what harmthey can: but it amounts to little. Their pennywhistle is scarcely heard, even with the Buchaneersto blow it, in the purifying gale now sweepingover the Free States, nerving and animatingevery generous heart for the decisive struggle, justbefore us. To doubt that this struggle will resultin the triumph of Free soil and Free Speech wereto distrust the discernment or the integrity of theAmerican People.'—New York Tribune. New York Tribune. 'The Republican party is not an Abolition party.It is pledged to the protection of all our institutionswhere they exist It defends the rightsof the States. It leaves slavery where the Constitutionleaves it. It goes for the Union evenwith slavery sanctioned by that Union. It doesnot propose to liberate a single slave. It will notinterfere with a single State. It seeks to throw aharrier around soil now free, and keep it for thefree white man forever. The Buchaneers and theirtwelfth section allies are striving to wrest it fromthe white man, and give it forever to the "nigger."The Republican party leaves "niggers" wherethey are.'—–Westchester (Pa.) American. where they exist free white man forever. white man nigger. Westchester American. The New York Herald, (In which the nominationof Col. Fremont was first proposed,) has the following:— Herald The Radical Abolitionist, the special organ ofGerrit Smith, the Abolition candidate, devotee itsentire October number to the enemies of slavery,and in urging them not to vote for Fremont. Wegive a brief extract to the point:— Radical Abolitionist not "The Republican party is not a party for thedeliverance of the enclaved, but only for the securityof the free. It is not a party for the blackman, but only for the white man. It is not a partyfor the rescue of the whole country from the despotismof the Slave Power, but only for the rescueof Kansas." only for the white man. Whereupon the Herald responds:— Herald 'There is the case in a nutshell. The Fremontparty is the "white man's party"—–it is neithera nigger party nor a nigger driving party, but the"white man's party." Its policy contemplates nointerference with State rights, or the constitutionalrights of slavery in the Territories. None. Itonly aims to quash the Democratic nullifiers' policyof making Kansas a slave State by force of arms,and to substitute the Constitution as the supremelaw. Nothing more.' 'The parson who asserts that Col. Fremont isan abolitionist, and that the Republican party isan abolition party, either does so through ignoranceor knavishness. If the former, he is to bepitied; if the latter, he is worthy only of contempt.'—Circlevilla Herald, (Fremont.) Circlevilla Herald 'The Evening Mirror of this city, a Fremontjournal, says, "We regard Col. Fremont as theconservative candidate. We do not believe he willhave a man in his Cabinet who is tinctured ortainted either with abolitionism or secessionism.His party is an ultra Union party, and his electionwill quiet and consolidate the Republic." TheMirror is a staunch supporter of the Compromisesof 1850, the Fugitive Slave Law included.'—–Anti-Slavery Standard. Evening Mirror as the Mirror Anti-Slavery Standard. 'The present Republican movement is directedquite as much against the ultraism of abolition, asagainst the kindred ultraism of slavery.'—–New York Times, Sept. 23d. New Sept. 'It [the North] is still disposed to be at peacewith slavery; to leave it, with all its "blessings"and all its evils, to those who are afflicted with it.' —lb. lb. 'The election of Fremont would retard the causeof emancipation in the States.'—–New York Evening Past. (Fremont.) New York Evening Past. 'Republicanism is the white man's party. It isnot because we feel any burning seal in the blackman's cause, that we resist the progress of slaveryin this country. We like the white man betterthan we do the black. To our minds, the Republicancause is intrinsically cristecratic; it aims to savethe country to the white man. The Republicansmean to preserve all of this country that they canfrom the pestilential presences of the black man.'—Hartford Courant. white black Republican intrinsically cristecratic white from the pestilential presences of the black man.'—Hartford Courant. FREMONT, THE ONLY CONSERVATIVE CANDIDATE.—The Presidential question is no longer an abolitionquestion, as some of our Southern brethrenseem still to suppose. Whatever views or hopesmay have been entertained by Garrison, or Phillips,or any other in that set, of raising a distinctand efficient political party on their rabid doctrines,are utterly blasted. The party now risenup has absorbed, if you please, but it has alsoblotted them out. Larger, mere extended, morepractical views have entered the minds of themasses . These small griefs, these individual pictures,drawn by petty daubers like Stowe, are entiretyoverlooked in graver matters. REMONT ONSERVATIVE ANDIDATE. People are no longer reading 'Uncle Tom,' theyare attentively studying the Constitution. Abolitionismhas in this way actually received itsdeath-blow, since larger principle are at stake,and it never can raise its head again to hiss orsting as it has. It is crushed out by the heavyheel of the onward moving masses, who have somethingelse to do than to listen to the ravings ofinfidels and muniacs. The rod of a political Moseshas swallowed up all the reptiles of these EasternEgyptians, and they can crawl no more. The South, then, have is fact good reason to begratified with this result. The North troublethemselves no longer about their domestic institutions.The man most consistent and steady intheir just defence are now in the ranks of Fremont.By their accession his majorities have rolledup enormously, and these men never will seek tooverthrow the constitutional rights of their Southernfriends. They are, by the new and unforeseencombination of parties on graver issues, morepowerful than ever to protect the South in all theirprivileges. The South, in fact, at this very moment,should hail with joy the union of the NorthernStates upon as independent candidate, becauseit has exterminated abolitionism—it has reared upa true and wall principled democratic party in itsplace, with power enough to be liberal as well asjust.—New York Herald. New York Herald. 
