 BY WILLIAM GOODELL. It is assumed that a vote for the Presidentialcandidate is NOT a vote for the main principles,measures, and disclaimers of measures, on theavowal of which he was nominated, and to whichhe still adheres! It is assumed that a vote forthe Presidential candidate of a national Conventionis NOT a vote for the Platform of that Convention,which sets forth its principles, its disclaimers,its measures and its objects—to all which the candidateresponds, assents and adheres. It is assumedthat, at least, by 'voting under protest,'if in no other way, the responsibility of the voterfor such principles, disclaimers and measures,may be avoided, neutralized, or turned aside. 'I care nothing about the platform of the Convention,'says one. 'The Convention had no authorityto speak for me. I know what I mean by my ownvote. They may mean what they please; it is noconcern of mine.' And 'I care nothing for theutterances of the candidates,' says the same oranother voter. 'I think I know what the party,the body or majority of voters, will do, and theywill control the Administration when it comes intopower.' "And I care nothing about the alone orprinciples of the party,' says a third, (or perhapsthe same person,) 'I can't be responsible for allwho vote the same ticket with me, nor for themajority of them. I vote for the good which Imean to accomplish by it, and the bad I have nothingto do with.' 'Caring nothing' about the Convention,the candidate, or the party, and repudiatingthe open declarations of all of them, thevoter is nevertheless determined to vote for them,and with them. They 'And so they wrap (or arl) it up.' (Micah vii.3.) Thus they cover over and entangle themselvesand their doings. Thus they think toescape the responsibility of their own acts. Thusthey trite with their most solemn duties. Thusthey set aside God's plainest commandments.Thus they nevertheless reveal their struggles withtheir own convictions. Men never resort for shelterto such excuses, unless their exigencies requireit. Is this the language of needless severity?Look, I pray you, at the facts attested by suchexcuses. The voter dare avow the aims andsentiments avowed by his candidate, and on themerit of which be received his nomination, andon account of which he expects to he elected.And yet he will vote for him. And he 'caresnothing about the platform'—nothing about thenominating Convention—nothing about the partywith which he is acting. But, my friend, if you donot care for it, the millions of your enslaved brothersand sisters do car for it. Christ, their elderbrother, cares for it. The Holy Spirit, whose templesome of them are, cares for it. And God, theFather of us all, cares for it. You, too, will carefor it, in a coming day. 'Be not deceived: Godis not mocked. Whatsoever a man soweth, thatshall be also reap.' If he sows a vote to let alonethe fetters of millions of his brothers and sistersfor four years longer, (thrice as long, perhaps, ashe himself may live,) that VOTE shall be reap whenhe stands before his Maker in judgment. 'Littlechildren, let no man deceive you. He that deathrighteousness is righteous.' Not he that proposesto do righteousness, for your hence, and on thefancied merit of it emboldens himself to join withothers in doing unrighteousness, now. Who hasassured you that you shall live four years longer,to undo by a righteous vote then, what you aredoing by an unrighteous vote now? Or how doyou know that you shall have a heart to do it, ifyou should live four years longer?  you do death TRY THE RULE ON THE OTHER SIDE. Imagine your political opponents making thesame plea you are making, and see what you wouldthen think of it. Here is a Democrat, with thePlatform of the Cincinnati Convention and Buchanan'sletter of acceptance, both before him.He reads them, and tells you that he intends tovote for Buchanan. You tell him his vote will bea vote against freedom in Kansas—a vote for theBogus Legislature, and for the Border Russians.'Oh no,' says he, 'I vote for neither of them. Ionly vote for some other things in the Platformwhich are good.' And so he repeats ever to youthe same pleas by which you think to prove thatyes can vote for Fremont and the Republican party,without voting chains upon millions of your fellow-men.What would you think of him? Whatwould you say to him? How could you condemnhim without condemning yourself? Will God absolveyou from the blame of voting against the freedomof three and a half millions of colored men,while he condemns your neighbor for doing the namething, or for, adding to that sin the kindred sin, ona smaller scale, of voting against the liberties ofan infinitely smaller number of white man in Kansas! colored neighbor adding white No! It is all fully and self-deception. Thechief sin of the Democratic party is its continuousrefusal to liberate the enclaved Americans inthe slave States. The attempt at 'crushing cutliberty in Kansas' is but a sin of yesterday, an incident,merely, an instrument of the greater andmore chronic and long continued sin. The 'Republican'party is 'inflexibly opposed' to say disturbanceof that great sin. Such disturbancewould be 'fatal to liberty,' by overturning thesacred and sovereign right of the States to maintainslavery? It thus endorces the chief sin ofthe Democratic party, and becomes a partaker init. It claims, however, the merit of supportingwhite liberty in Kansas. The sin of voting forblack slavery in the States is cancelled by themerit of voting for white liberty in Kansas! chief APPLY YOUR RULE TO YOUR OWN VOTING. You say your vote for the "Republican" candidateis not a rote for his pledge, and the pledgeof the Convention against liberating the Americanslaves. Well, then, how can you say thatyour vote for the candidate, and with the Conventionand party, is a vote against slavery in Kansas?If it be not a vote for the former, how canit be a vote for the latter? If you shirk the blameof the one, these can your reoceive approbation forthe other? How can you prevent the influence ofyour vote in the one direction, and yet secure itsinfluence in the other? The same vote that electsthe national deliverer, as you suppose, of thewhites in Kansas, elects the man 'inflexibly exposed'to the national deliverance of millions ofcolored men in the States. If your vote cannotbe trusted to tell what you intend with respect tocolored men in the States, how can it be trustedto tell what you intend in respect to white men inKansas? And why may not Bennett, of the New YorkHerald, and his wing of the Republican party,say that their vote is not for freedom in Kansas,(as already they do say it is not,) but only a voteto hush up agitation on the 'nigger question,'and use up the 'nigger worshippers,' as they callthem, with their own votes? In such a co-partnership,which side, do you think, would bemost likely to get cheated? Let past experiencein that line be pondered. Herald their not VOTING UNDER PROTEST. But the vote, it is said, is made 'under protest'!And, pray, what can that mean? Againstwhat, or against whom, is the protest made! Isit against the pledge to let slavery alone in theStates? Is it against the candidate and the Conventionwho made the pledge? How then can thevote be given in their favor? The voter proteststhat it is all wrong: but his vote conveys thepower of perpetuating that wrong! If there beany power in the protest, the voter protestsagainst himself! He declares his knowledge ofthe wrong, while be knowingly assists in its infliction.He does know—he can't help knowing,that his vote helps to continue the wrong in thePlatform, just as much as it can help the rightin the Platform. The device of 'voting under protest' is amongthe most modern, and least creditable, of ourAmerican inventions. Its first experiment, if Imistake not, was made in 1852, when Whigsand Democrats, alike, voted for Scott or for Pierce,'under protest' against their twin BaltimorePlatforms. The pretence was decided by FreeSoilers and Abolitionists, as it deserved to be, tillthe inventors were ashamed of it, and cast it aside.But the tattered old cloak is now being brushedup again by Abolitionists intout on voting with theRepublicans! It is of no use to think of reformingour corrupt politics, if the last and mostshameless of all political devices is to be adoptedby political reformers. As well might theyproclaim upon the house-tops that sincerity andhonesty in politics are 'impracticable.' Yourvote is yourself—part and parcel of that self thatmust go to the bar of judgment. I come now to a more distinct consideration ofsome of the false principles that underlie, or thatconstitute the excuses and objections with whichI am dealing. I. HAVE PRINCIPLES ANY BINDING AUTHORITY? It is useless to lay down correct principles ofaction, or to expose false principles, unless it befirst understood and settled whether correct principleshave any binding authority. Nearly all theexcuses of professed Abolitionists for voting withthe 'Republicans' go on the assumption, directlyor indirectly, that correct principles have nobinding authority. In no instance have I found say one who hasexpressed a doubt that the measures of radicalabolitionists naturally grow out of their principles,and harmonize with them — that the principlesrequire just each measures for their expressionand application. There is no room for two opinionson that point. And in no instance have Iseen or heard it pretended that the measures ofthe 'Republican' party grow out of, or harmonizewith, the principles of Radical Abolitionists. Andyet, professing to hold with the Abolitionists, theypropose to act with the 'Republicans' — that is,in opposition to their own professed principles!This is saying, in action, (the most forcible of allspeech,) that correct principles have no bindingauthority, or may be disarmed of that authorityby circumstances. hold act There is nothing uncommon nor singular in this.It is common to hear men say, on almost all moralsubjects, that abstract principles are not safe rolesof action. Correct principles are well in theirplace, but, in this world of ours, they are oftenimpracticable. We must act like "practical businessmen"!' moral Well. How do 'practical business men' act!Those, I mean who accomplish great, desirable,permanent, and important ends! Arkwright, Fulton.Morse — safe navigators, successful agriculturists,invention, reformers — Luther, Paul, Nehemiah,Moses. Did they achieve their victoriesby acting at variance with correct principles? Orby holding them in abeyance! Or by partingwith them to run after majorities! Or by makingcompromises with them or about them? Or bysuspending obedience to them! Or in may otherway than by yielding to them the most reverentand implicit obedience! Never! No. Never!Con over the pages of the world's history, and discoverthe solitary exception, if you can. The exception,when found, will stand side by side withan exception to the All-Wise Creator's veracityand truthfulness — the record of the time whenbe slumbered and slept! There is no irreverencein saying this. The sublimity of veneration impelsthe testimony. Abstract principles — earnestprinciples — what are they! They are the pillarsof Jehovah's throne. They are the vital strengthof his right arm! They are the changeless rulesof his won action. They are the core and the basisof all his commands to this creatures. By thesehe controls the planets, plants or overthrown nations,gives law to principalities in heaven, buildsup his kingdom of holiness on earth, guides themeek in his way, clothes the lilies in beauty, rideson the wings of the wind, and marshals the sea-sandand the state. when The revelation of a correct principle is the revelationof God's authority, of God's will, of God'sdesigns, of God's law. Principle is the key-noteof creation —- of the physical universe and of themoral, the essence of all natural laws and allmoral laws, of the kingdoms of Providence and ofGrace; the substratum of all Decalogues, the livingspirit of all Gospels; the law of all law; theverity of all truth. This the One Great and onlyLawgiver affirms, when he claims that his commandmentsare the truth, that the percepts concerningall things are right. Take away fromthem, (if it could be done,) their righteousnessand, truth, their conformity, in other words, in theprinciples that are true and right, and the righteousand truthful lawgiver would then claim forthem no authority or reverence. Whenever a correct principle is revealed to yourconsciousness, you have in it a revelation of allthe authority there is or can be in any divine law,or in the lawgiver himself. To not a side a correctprinciples is to set Him aside. To depart from itis to depart from Him. To deride 'abstract principles'as a rule of action, is to deride Him. Tospurn their guidance is to spurn His guidance.The teachings of his Word and of his Spirit canrise to higher and go no further than to teach usthe principles of his religion. It is a trite saying,on the lips of all preachers and the pens of allcommentators, that the Bible is our guide chieflyby the principles which it lays down for us andexpounds to us. No possible code of specific positiveprecepts could reach a tithe of the particularcases of conscience arising in the daily dischargeof our duties. If conscience, reason, and Scripturedo not give us the correct principle, if theprinciple he not authoritative, if it be not our safeconductor, then indeed are we orphans and outcastsin a dark and strange world, without aFather to guide, govern, or protect us. His principles principles If you say that the foundation of obligation isGod's commandment, the implication is that Hiscommandments are right. And, in saying it, youonly proclaim a moral principle. But if the authorityof moral principle may be set aside onaccount of circumstances, then this principle alsomay be thus not aside. If we say that 'love isthe fulfilling of the law,' we affirm a moral principle.But if moral principle may be se aside,then THAT principle may be set aside. If moralprinciple be not authoritative, then no law foundedupon it can be authoritative. a moral principle. God never departs from moral principle himself,and he never authorizes any of his creatures to doso. It was a violation of principle that 'broughtdeath into the world, and all our wo.' The problemof redeeming the world was the problem ofreconciling the claims of moral principle with forgiveness.Christ died 'that God might be just,and the justifier of the believer.' Not for thesake of saving a world, would God suffer one jetor tittle of moral principle to be compromised.Let 'evangelical Christians' study the claims ofmoral principle at the foot of the cross, beforethey decide whether moral principle must needsbe sacrificed for the deliverance of Kansas, andwhether such a sacrifice would be acceptable orbeneficial. In any exigency depending on the application ofthe principles that govern matter, men understandthat the least departure from those principles ensuresdefeat. Why do they not understand thatthe laws that govern the moral and politicalworld are equally authoritative and inflexible?Universal history is one vast store-house of illustrationsin point. Humanity bleeds, and the nationsare in fetters, from age to age, because moralprinciple does not control politics. moralprinciple Have I erred, or am I singular, in my definitionof moral principle! 'Principle (says Noah Webster)is a general law, comprehending many subordinatetruths.' It is 'a settled rule of actionin human beings.' Or, that which 'serves as arule of action.' A false principle is a wrong rule of action. Atrue principle is a right rule of action. If principlesare not expected to control human actions,why do we deplore or oppose or endeavor to counteractthe belief of wrong principles in religion,in morals, in government, or in politics! Whydo we speak of sound principles on the one hand,and of corrupt principles on the other? And ofwhat use is it to teach and to illustrate correctprinciples, if men may innocently profess themwithout reducing them to practice? Or if theyare not 'practicable,' and may not safely be confidedin? What do we mean by a man of principle, If wedo not mean a man who holds to correct principles,and who reduces them to practice! In he the manof principle, who only assents to correct principle,but declines making it his rule of conduct! Whatis this but 'holding the truth in unrighteousness' I'Thou believest there is one God, thou doest well:the devils also believe and tremble.' 'Show methy (principles) without thy works, and I willshow you my (principles) by my works.' [It wasa 'faith' in correct principles that the Apostlewas speaking of in this passage.] What do wemean by an unprincipled man? Does the terminclude only those who do not verbally profess abelief in right principles? Does it not include,even more signally, those who profess the truth,but decline reducing it to practice? 'Unprincipled,'says Webster, is 'not having settled principles.''Settled!' And how in a man to havesettled principles, who will not plant himself onthem, and direct his footsteps by them? Of whatmanner of use can they be to him, or to theworld! he Settled! Why and how do Abolitionists and Republicansfasten upon the old Democratic party the chargeof being unprincipled! Why, and how, but because,(and by showing the fact,) that in theory,by profession, by intellectual perceptions and approbation,they hold to the principle of the equaland inalienable rights of all men, while in theirmeasures, they refuse to acknowledge the bindingauthority of those principles? That from motivesof policy, in the senate chamber and at the ballet-box,they consent to the enslavement of millions oftheir countrymen. unprincipled! Now, if this makes the Democratic party unprincipled,what shall be said of 'Republicans,'and especially of 'Radical Abolitionists,' who,while fastening upon the Democrats that charge,permit themselves, amid their still higher professions,and their clearer perceptions of the Constitutionalpowers and duties of the General Government,to consent, for at least four years longer,(though the pledge is without that limitation) tothat same thing? They use difficulties in the way,and they have their motives, their calculations,and their expedients:—and anti-slavery Democrats(as they think themselves to be) have theirs.Their position in respect to Kansas is indeed different;but their position in respect t the millionsof slaves in the same. 'Truth is worthless until it is exemplified inpractice.' So said the Free Presbyterian of July16 , and it said truly. But soon after, the FreePresbyterian joined the 'Republicans,' and it thensaid. 'The differences between us and our abolitionfriends is one of policy, and not of principle.' Free Presbyterian FreePresbyterian Now, if principles have no binding authority,then the Free Presbyterian, The True American,Frederick Douglass, &C. &C., may be altogether onthe right track. And if the old line Democratscould but be persuaded to 'switch off' from theBorder Ruffian Kansas track, they would be verynearly or quite on the same track with them, andtogether in search of 'the finale of all excitingcommotions,' the goal proposed by the Republicans.But if principles have any binding authority,then they are all wrong. Free Presbyterian, The True American,Frederick Douglass, &C. &C. 
