 The annual meeting of the Pennsylvania Anti-SlaverySociety was held in Norristown on the 16th and 17thInst.; and though not very numerously attended, inconsequence of the excited state of the public mind onthe Presidential question, its testimonies were of an un-compromisingcharacter, and its proceedings throughouthighly interesting. The principal speakers were ParkerPillsbury, Rev. Henry Grew, Lucretia Mott, OliverJohnson, Samuel Aaron, Lewis Gause, and Mary Grew.Below are some of the remarks made by Mr. Pillsbury! I was glad to hear our venerable friend Grewsound so boldly and wall the key-note of our cause.The time has come when we should distinguish betweenthe mere regard fur the liberty of the whiteman and the love of liberty for the whole race.I look with very little sympathy on that kind ofPhariseeism which views with holy horror slaveryin California, and can tamper with and supportslavery in Carolina; that bears such holy indignationagainst slavery in Kansas, and enters intocompromise and confederation with slaveholdersin Arkansas; that pities Charles Manner, strickendown by the bludgeon of Belly Brooks, andcan enter into a compact to help heat out thebrains of Brooks's stave, when he offers to resist hiswhite master. We have trifled quite too much onthe subject of emancipation: we have all of us becomeblinded, stupefied, intoxicated by the spiritof compromise, and by the overwhelming tide ofpolitical and religious corruption which the sweptover the land for the last half century. Slaveryis no worse in Kansas than in Carolina: it is noworse to return a slave than to stand body-guardfor the slaveholder to help him retain his slavethat has not escaped. The question was constantlyput to the Republicans that I travelled with,'How is it that you can declare that the Republicanparty has no intention to interfere with slaverywhere it exists, if it be each a great evil as yonregard it!' It seems to me the position of theRepublican party is precisely like that of Russiato Hungary. Kossuth was successful in everybattle so long as be had none but Austrians tocontend with; but when the Russian hordes pouredin, he was vanquished. How is the Republicanparty in this country dint-rent, as regards theslaves, from the Russians as regards the Hungarians?It was not Austria, bat Russia, that Hungaryfeared. We have a strange way in this countryof 'Compounding for sins we are inclined to,By damning these we have no mind to';  and until we have learned a new philosophy, andhave espoused an entirely new mode of action, weshall not be able or prepared to do battle againstthe State Power that now rules this nation. Weare all of as accustomed to move in masses, aremore or less influenced by majorities, thinkingthat unless there be organized remittance to wrong,there is no resistance at all. We are inclined towait until the leaders move before we act. Itseems to me we ought each one of is to espouse asindividuals the anti-slavery enterprise, and not relyupon organization or upon the leadership ofgreat men. We have the idea that in every generation,there can be but few representative men,but we never dream that we may he those greatand influential men. We have no idea that therecan be many influential women in any particulargeneration, and yet what is so much a relativeterm as this greatness of which we hear so muchThe reason why we have so many great men andwomen among us is because the musses ere so verysmall. When Gulliver went among men six incheshigh, he was a very great man, only because theywere so small. We boast of our institutions of learning; I donot think so much of them. What have theydone? They have educated your Daniel Webstersand Rufus Choates to be the dupes and tools ofSouthern tyrants. They are not the representativemen of this time; and I am sure the representativewomen are not indebted to any of theseinstitutions. We are all of us influenced by themen who come out of our colleges, but we do notsee that they are not the men for this generation,to meet the exigencies of this age. We most naveanother race of men, or we are all doomed to slavery. The popular religion of this country makes manyconverts—though not so many now, I believe, asit used to—but what comes of all this gatheringinto the Church? Many years ago, it was shownby one of the greet lights of the Church, that itwas the bulwark of slavery. Just so long as weare accustomed to rely a upon organizations of thiskind, just so long shall we fail of success, becausewe cant off individual effort and action thereby. The Republican party is a most fearful instanceof this reliance upon masses. I would by no meansadd to its grief in this day or its discomfiture andcalamity; I would rather sympathize with it. Ithas inculcated the doctrine that half a loaf is betterthen no bread. Now, I do not agree to that:half a loaf is not better than none, if you have torob a starving family to obtain it, or if it be poisoned.The half loaf that the Republicans seek istaken as the price of the enslavement of three anda half millions of human beings, and it is poisonedand corrupted by compromise with the SlavePower. I do not believe in such anti-slavery. TheRepublican leaders tell us we must take what wecan get—that we most take the people as they are.Now, so far as my observation goes, I think it isthe reverse—that the people have to take the leadersas they are (laughter.) The people, in my estimation,are ready for higher and more efficientaction. I heard Gov. Chase say he exhausted thepower of the Government to save Margaret Garner.I think if Gov. Chase and his Government hadbeen out of the way, the people would not haveexhausted their power to no purpose in rescuingher. I think the Government of Ohio was the rockon which were wrecked all the hopes of that slavemother and her children. On one hind stood thatGovernment, and on the other slavery and death;she appealed to the Government in vain, and thenshe heroically gave her child to the pale messenger,and bade him carry her little one back to the bosomof Its linker. Now, I say that the humanity ofthe people of Ohio woo Id have laid Cincinnati inashes before that mother could have been carriedback into slavery, if that humanity had been untrammelledby government and party. Christiana did not exhaust her power in vain.Passmore Williamson did not exhaust his power invain. But if Christiana and Passmore Williamsonhad waited for the government to set, the victimsin both cases would have gone, as Margaret Garnerwent, back to slavery. This Society ought to consider that its work isprecisely what it would he if there were no suchthing as a political party, and no such thing as achurch in the land. Whether the Republicanparty succeeds or falls, our work is the same.That party does not propose to knock the fettersoff a single slave. Was there ever another politicalparty that took such pains to prove itself notsectional, and to avow its fidelity to the elate systemwherever it already exists? The Democraticparty, to be cure, is not called upon fur any suchavowal; its depravity in tint respect is acknowledgedon all hands. Calvinism cannot pews itsfavorite dogma of total depravity in any way soeffectually as by reference to the character of thatparty. The Republican party is charged with beinga sectional party, and there has not yet beentime enough for that party to exhaust itself of itsdenials or the charge. Night and day, Sundayand all days, in the press, the pulpit and the forum,from Bennett's Herald to Frederick Douglass'sPaper, from Francis Blair to Henry Ward Beecher,the grand burden of the song has been a perpetualdenial of the charge of sectionality. Is it not true,that from the time the Republican platform wasconstructed, the principal cry has been a disavowalof sectionalism, and the avowal of a determinationto exercise the governmental power, in caseof the success of that party, to the universal approvalof every honest, high minded slaveholder? Herald Frederick Douglass'sPaper A great deal is said about the sacredness of theAmerican Union.' It is nothing but diabolism.There is nothing under the sun that has less sacrednessthan the American Union. The Republicanstalk about the rights of the slaveholder;the slaveholder, as such, has no rights—not evento own rope enough to hang himself. He is to betreated as a culprit and felon, and the Unionshould be treated as a bargain made with thievesand robbers, to be immediately broken. This,and nothing short of it, is the work of the PennsylvaniaAnti-Slavery Society. The Annual Report read at the meeting by MR. M'—Kim is an excellent document, precisely suited to thestate of the times. Want of room prevents our makingthe extracts from it we have marked for publication. 
