 Extract from an able and eloquent speech, deliveredin Leicester, (England,) on the evening of the 13thultimo, "to the Entire Liberal Constituency," by P.A. TAYLOR, Esq., M.P.:— AYLOR The press of their town was good enough to inserta very intelligent letter he received a fortnight agofrom a friend of his in New York, in which be askedhim to use his little influence here, as he would dothere, in removing the misunderstanding of the peopleof this country and America. It was to be fearedthat, though the war had for the present been escaped,yet the bitterness which would be left wouldin some future time bear its evil fruit in regard tothe English nation, he felt the utmost confidence inasserting, from observation and experience, that itshatred of slavery was as intense as ever. Therewere times, of course, when particular sides, of questionswere more talked of than at others, and whenlong outworn notions were dug up in the form offossil remains. He thought it was not impossiblethat in Leicester there might be Tories who still regrettedthe passing of the Reform Bill, or whostill adhered to the fallacies of protection—if notamongst the town, yet amongst the country Tories.He drew this distinction, for he had observed withconsiderable amusement the striking differences inthe tone between the mild Conservatism of the townTories, and the rabid Toryism of their countrycousins. In like manner, there might doubtless bediscovered fossilized supporters of slavery; but hebelieved that before any constituency of any meetingof importance in any part of the country, theresponse in abhorrence of slavery would be as strongat that moment as when they spent twenty millionsto emancipate their slaves in the West Indies. Toclear the ground, let him assert emphatically, thatthe cause of the strife in America was slavery, andnothing else. (Loud cheers.) There was no othercause which by any possibility could have split upthe Union as slavery had done. Some people wouldstrive to make them believe that the question oftariffs was the cause, but there was no foundationfor the allegation whatever. He did not believethat the South had been opposed to the protectivepolicy of the Northern States, for in many cases thevarious tariffs had been supported by a majority ofthe Southern votes. The South was amply strongenough to maintain in Congress its rights and interests.He repeated that it was slavery, and slaveryalone, which had inevitably caused the severance ofthe Union; and in the natural course of events itmight have been recognized from the beginning thatthere was no other alternative than the abolition ofslavery or the rupture of the Union, for this reason:there was no other question upon which it was impossiblefor the South to maintain the rights of theindividual States to legislate in regard to their owndomestic affairs, without infringing upon the equallysacred rights of the Northern States. The SouthernStates had, under the Constitution, the right tomaintain slavery within their own limits. TheNorthern had an equal right to render slavery illegalwithin their boundaries, and they had done so. Butit was impossible for the South to maintain their domesticinstitution without trampling upon the Staterights of the North, by compelling them, underthreat and pressure, to pass even stronger laws forthe rendition of fugitive slaves. They could notmaintain slavery within their own boundaries withoutcompelling the citizens of the Northern States toact as their man-hunters. Two things were essentialfor the existence of slavery in the South—first,the maintenance of those Fugitive Slave Laws towhich he had alluded, and, secondly, there was thisother condition. Slavery was not more wicked thanit was wasteful as an application of labor. Slaverycould only exist profitably upon the virgin soils, uponnew lands, where the idle scratching of the surfacetry the slave was sufficient to return an abundantharvest. These soils were speedily exhausted, andit then became essential to find southward and westwardnew soils for the introduction of the domesticinstitution. It was essential, therefore, he repeated,for the existence of slavery in the Southern States,that the North should consent to become slave-huntersfor the South, and that they should likewise consentto extend the pollution of the institution on tothe free soil of new territories. Whatever doubtmight exist in this country as to the fact of slaverybeing the cause and origin of the war, there was nosuch doubt in America, North or South. Everybodythere knew that slavery was the cause of the struggleswhich had gone on between the North andSouth ever since, indeed, the founding of the Union,but with ever increasing bitterness and force.Everybody there knew that it was slavery that gavebirth to the filibustering propensity under the naturalinterest of seeking new soils for the institution.Everybody there knew that slavery was the cause ofthe deep and malignant hatred that had animatedthe South against English institutions and Englishtravellers. Everybody there knew that it was slaverythat had caused bloody civil war in Kansas;and everybody knew that it was for slavery thathonest John Brown was hanged at Harper's Ferrythree years ago. (Loud cheers.) He believed thathad John Brown lived, he was destined to be theGaribaldi of the negro race. And now, to do the North some justice, in relationto its present struggle. The North had been subservientand truckling to the South for year afteryear. It had submitted to compromise after compromise,degrading to its principles and to its independence.Bat there came at last a time whenNorthern statesmen resolved to make a stand againstthe future encroachments of the South, not so much,it must be allowed, in favor of the negro race, asthrough the necessity of maintaining the liberties ofthe white citizens themselves, threatened, as be hadshown, by the necessarily aggressive policy of theBooth. This was manifested few years ago whenthe gallant attempt was made to elect Fremont. Itwas manifested again, and successfully last year, bythe election of the President whom they loved tosneak of as honest Abraham Lincoln. It must beclearly admitted that the struggle at present was notone for emancipation, but it was one for the maintenanceof free soil rights. If the North had not yetrisen to a tree cause of the sweetness of their position,this justice, at any rate, must be done them—that they resolved most manfully to submit no longerto the encroachments of the South—to defend andpreserve, at any rate, the Union; and signs werenot wanting that his correspondent was justified insaying that "be the actual result of the strugglewhat it may, slavery, at any rate, has received thedeath wound." If they were in any doubt in thiscounty as to slavery being the cause of the war, theSoth understood it clearly enough; or why did theyreceive the notification of the election of PresidentLincoln as the understood signal that no alternativewas left them but secession and war? If therecould be any question as to the North being againstslavery, there could be none as to the South beingintensely pro-slavery. They had already, doubtless,all seen the quoted letter of Mr. Yancey, in whichbe frankly demanded the recognition of the entireequality between the nutmeg and the negro trade.(Cheers.) He (the speaker) would read them anextract from the speech of Mr. Stephens, Vice Presidentof the Southern Confederacy, delivered inMarch, 1861:— "Our new Government is founded upon exactly theopposite ideas; its foundations are laid, its corner stonerests, upon the great truth that the negro is not equalto the white man; that slavery—subordination to thesuperior race—is his natural and normal condition.This, our new Government, is the first in the historyof the world based upon this great physical, philosophical,and moral truth. It is upon this, as I havestated, our social fabric is firmly planted; and I cannotpermit myself to doubt the ultimate success of afull recognition of this principle throughout the civilizedand enlightened world. It is the first Governmentever instituted upon principles in strict conformityto nature and the ordination of Providence." This was pretty well; but there were outspokenspirits that spoke more boldly still. The RichmondExaminer says:— Examiner "Until recently, the defence of slavery has laboredunder great difficulties because its apologists—for theywere mere apologists—took half-way grounds. Theyconfined the defence of slavery to mere negro slavery,thereby giving up the slavery principle, admittingother forms of slavery to be wrong. The line of defence,however, is now changed. The South nowmaintains that slavery is right, natural and necessary,and does not depend upon difference of complexion.THE LAWS OF THE SLAVE STATES JUSTIFY THEHOLDING OF WHITE MEN IN BONDAGE." HE LAWS OF THE LAVE TATES JUSTIFY THEHOLDING OF WHITE MEN IN BONDAGE. There was a practical bearing in this question; asat any time discussion might come on in Parliamentin regard to the recognition of the Southern States.There could be no doubt that when the South hadproved beyond all question their power of maintainingtheir independence, they must be recognized byEngland—so long at least as they retained their lawagainst the slave trade, however much we might detesttheir institutions. But, as Mr. Disraeli had wellobserved, the decision as to the time was not a merequestion of law or precedent: it might be termed"an instinct of the heart." There was a differencebetween the alacrity with which England would recognizethe birth of a new free State, and the reluctanceshe would feel to ante-date by a single day thenecessity for the recognition of a State, which, aftertoe extracts he had read, the meeting would feel hewas justified in branding as men-stealers, women-beaters,and child-branders. (Load cheers.) Thepresent strife might be likened to a fearful storm inwhich many a bark of domestic happiness would godown, and the labor of unborn millions would bemortgaged; but they might remember that the darkesthour went before the dawn, and that when thebright sky of to-morrow dawned, it would not be feltthat that storm had been useless, for the accursedblack bark of slavery had gone down below.(Cheers.) 
