 Let us deal truly and kindly with ourselves andour foes in the settlement of our difficulties. To deceiveeither is useless and cruel. What, then, isinvolved in the reconstruction of the States uponthe same basis and with the status as originally constructed?Evidently, it means that we simply putthings back two years or more, so that South Carolinaand the other Confederates would be again representedin Congress, and her traitors be eligible tothe Presidency, as they were two years ago. Ofcourse, her slaves are all to be restored as fugitives,and her slave code go again into full operation.Then what? We begin afresh our political discussions:Shall slavery go into the Territories? Shallnew slave States be admitted, and the Fugitive SlaveLaw be executed? Again the South begins to beatNorthern Representatives with their canes. No;that game is ended. That never could be doneagain. We have now learned to fight, and cannotput off that spirit so easily. They threaten to secede.No; the first word of that kind would bringthe reckless offender to the gibbet as a traitor. Thatcould never be tolerated more. What then mustthe South do? Sit still, and bear what they cannotanswer? For clubs and threats are all they have tomeet the arguments of freedom with. But if theyare thus forced to yield, they might as well nowgive up slavery, for soon it would be girdled bythis course. "No," says the wiseacre, who knowsnothing but the Union as it was, "we will not allowthe subject of slavery to be touched. That hatefuland accursed firebrand must be buried with rebellion."Ay, but that involves some difficulties. Thenthe South must be allowed to carry their slaves intonew-territory and all through the free States, andanti-slavery men say nothing to prevent it. Butthis subjugates the North as much as the otherdoes the South, and we had as well adopt the Jeff.Davis government at once. It involves the necessityof silencing the Abolitionists, or, in other words, itdestroys freedom of speech and at the press utterly. status Ah! this is what an the advocates of reconstructionmean. The South are to be allowed to carrytheir slaves where they please, and the Abolitionistsshall not be allowed to say aught on the subject.This was always their cry; it is now the cry of theHerald, and every supporter of the reconstructiondoctrine. But this pant itself cannot be gainedwithout discussion. And shall we divide the Northon this, with angry debate involving the whole question?What should we gain, save to do what Bennetthas tried so hard to do, viz., get all the proslaverymen of the North to unite with the South,and destroy freedom of speech and the Abolitioniststogether? Mr. Carlisle, Davis, and other UnionSenators from Virginia and Kentucky, say that theyregard it just as disloyal and unconstitutional tospeak against slavery, or the repeal of the FugitiveSlave Law, or the reduction of the rebel States toterritorial condition, as to speak in favor of theSouthern Confederacy. And of the actors in thatfarce, they say they should be hung. They shouldbe hang in pairs, Abolitionists and Rebels together.In their estimation, it is as wrong to attempt to doconstitutionally what the Constitution provides maybe done, as to do unconstitutionally what it forbidsin any form. Freedom of speech is as vile in thesemen's eyes as outright rebellion. Will the free andintelligent North ever become so imbruted as to acceptthese diabolical sentiments? Herald But suppose the attempt should be made to suppressthe Abolitionists, could is succeed? It couldonly be accomplished by the murder, as these menpropose, of every Abolitionist in the land. Thefriends of the slave are not such from their personaladmiration of the race or the colore. Theyhave no respect of persons. It matters not who theoppressed are. Their action is based upon theirnatural and religious sense of justice, immutable justice, and their duty to God and man. They willnever cease to proclaim and defend it, be the costwhat it may. This war must turn its armies againstthem, and exterminate them, if they are to be silenced.Will the North stand by, and see as purepatriots and virtuous men as ever trod Americansoil, who have taught its schools, plowed its fields,preached its Gospel, and fought its battles, coollyslaughtered to please the besotted rebels and theirheartless coadjutors, who have murdered our sons toacquire power to enslave the sons of Africa? Wethink not. Yet all this is involved in reconstruction.Reconstruction can mean nothing else than eitherthe surrender of the rebels and the destruction ofslavery, or the surrender of the North and the slaughterof the Abolitionists. Let all who advocate itknow that nothing else do they plead for. It is thisthat nerves the arm of the South. They know wellthat they or Abolitionists must submit, if they comeback. Let honest Americans decide which it shallbe; who are the best friends of this country, whowill be most easily conquered, rebels, or the lovers ofuniversal liberty. Martyrs are fruitful vines. Letus decide this wisely and at once. Either slavery orAbolitionism must die. They never did, they nevercan, they never will live in peace together. Godforbid they ever should! Our advice, therefore, is.let it be at once declared that slavery having wellnigh proved the ruin of this nation, and being utterlyincompatible with its safety, we hail with gratitudethe fact that the rebellion has destroyed theStates it has infected, and slavery with them. Slaveryhas pulled down the pillar of state, and is itselfcrushed in the common ruin. On the site we shallbuild the temple of Liberty.—American Baptist. our American Baptist. 
