 Gerrit Smith delivered a cogent and impressivespeech at the Smithsonian Institute, in the city ofWashington, on the evening of the 1st inst. Belowwe give the concluding portion of it:— Having shown that your war is against the Constitution,the negroes, the country, and freedom, itneeds no argument to show that it is against. Godalso. To fight against Freedom is to fight againstGod, for Freedom is an emanation from His ownheart. God is free, and hence all whom He makesin His own image He makes free. In giving themHis own nature. He gives them freedom to use it.This is as true of all the races of his children as it isthat all of them are equally dear to Him. Hence, todeprive any one of these races of freedom is to rob itof what God gave, and to eater into a controversy withGod. Again, you war against God by refusing to listento Him. He has words of warning for all people.The never-ceasing and the loudest of them to us are:"Let my people go! Let my people go'" Youhave fought, and you still fight, against Him byrefusing to listen to these words. They have theemphasis of peals of thunder in the present Providentialdealings with this nation. Nevertheless, youcontinue to close your ears, and to harden yourhearts against them; and thus do you fight againstHim more guiltily than ever before. In these Providentialdealings, slavery has been put entirely atthe disposal of our Government. Its own infatuatedfriends—its own blind worshippers—have put itthere. Hence there can be no longer constitutionalexcuses for sparing it. There are now the highestconstitutional obligations to abolish it, because thereare now in this terrible rebellion the highest constitutionalobligation to do whatever can be doneto save the country. I need say no more to show that your war isagainst many parties, and that because it is so, it islike to prove unsuccessful. Do you ask how thecountry can be saved? The answer is at hand:Stop all your other fighting, and fight but againstthe rebels. Another answer is also at hand: Stoptaking counsel of Kentucky, and take counsel of thenation. I am not prejudiced against Kentucky. Ilove her. I have gazed with delight upon her surprisinglyrich blue grass fields, and the fine breedsof cattle grazing upon them. I have enjoyed herunstinted hospitality. I have conversed with herfascinating Henry Clay, and with others of hergreat men. I acknowledge the eminent bravery ofher people. Nevertheless, I cannot admit that theadvice of Kentucky should be taken in this war.It can but lead to destruction. For tins is a warwhich slavery has brought upon us. Hence a slaveState—a State which is still under the infatuatingpower of slavery—is not fit to give advice in it.Anti-Slavery men, and Anti-Slavery men only, arefit to shape your policy against a Pro-Slavery War.Indeed, the very best counsellors we could have atthis juncture are such men as Garrison and Phillips,and Bryant and Jay, and Tyng and Cheever, andFrederick Douglass. You need men in your nationalcouncils at this time who know all about slavery—men who have made the monster their life-study.Drunkards know little of drunkenness.Their very drunkenness disables them from knowingmuch of it. It is the clear-eyed Temperance menwho know all about it Slaveholders know little ofslavery. Their very slaveholding disables themfrom knowing much of it. They are its blindedvictims—scarcely less blinded than their fellow-victims,the slaves. It is the clear-eyed Abolitionistswho know all about slavery. Had this been a rebellionof the whiskey-makers and whiskey-drinkers,you would not have gone to distillers and drunkardsfor counsel how to resist and conquer it. But, aswell might you, as to make slaveholders your advisersagainst this Pro-Slavery rebellion. So far fromour needing the advice of Kentucky how to savethe nation, most emphatically does she need our advicehow to save herself. What is the one thingwhich has set her people to cutting one another'sthroats? Slavery! But she does not see it. Whatis the one thing which would have kept the warwithout her borders? Just that which has kept itout of the contiguous States of Ohio, Indiana andIllinois—Anti Slavery! But she does not see it.Had not slavery made them stone-blind, the statesmenof Kentucky would instantly see that, in protectingand cherishing slavery, they are protectingand cherishing the viper which is stinging her todeath. Were we involved in any other than a Pro-Slaverywar, such able and admired men as Crittendenand Davis, Guthrie and Holt, would be competentto give us valuable counsel. But as a proof how unfiteven such a high-minded gentleman as GarrettDavis is to counsel us in this war, be proposes onthe floor of the Senate to have some of the best andnoblest men in the land put to death, simply becausethey are opposed to slavery. To say the least, hebetrays great weakness in this. As he is my namesake,and is perhaps partial to me, I will call it nothingworse than weakness. The general principle,which forbids the trusting of Kentucky wisdom inthis crisis, is: "Never trust a person in a matterwhere his interest is against you, and especially ifhe is manifestly blinded or seduced by that interest."For illustration—should Polygamy get up a rebellionagainst our Government, do not rely largely on thehelp of Brigham Young to put it down. He wouldbe like to prove as weak and unwise against a Polygamyrebellion as does Garrett Davis against a Pro-Slaveryone. Nevertheless, I say, God be good to Kentucky!We will save her if she will let us. We will saveher if she will not interpose slavery in the way ofour saving her. At great cost of Northern life andtreasure are we now clearing her of traitors. Whatcould she do in her present distresses without thehelp of the free States against the stave States?The slave States are her foes. The free States areher friends. A very ungrateful return does she maketo the free States in refusing to surrender the guiltyand sole cause of the war—a very cruel return inclinging to slavery, and in thus keeping open theway for repetitions of the war, and for repetitions ofNorthern sacrifices on her account. But Kentucky and Missouri, Maryland and Delawaresay: "Our slavery has constitutional rights."They should not be saying so at this time. Nothinghas rights now but our distressed and beloved country.This is no time to be mousing through the Constitutionin quest of personal or any other rights.But this is the very time for us all to exclaim, outof the fullness of our hearts. "Our property isnothing, our life is nothing, only as they can be used,constitutionally or unconstitutionally, toward puttingdown this piratical and diabolical rebellion. But Kentucky and Missouri, Maryland and Delawarego on to say that if they give up their slaves,they should be paid for them. From early manhoodI have steadily and earnestly held that the North,inasmuch as she is, to say the least, an equally guiltypartner with the South in the stupendous robbery ofslavery, should be willing to share with her in thepresent or temporary loss of emancipation. This Inave held, notwithstanding no one abominates morethan I do the idea of property in man. Let theStates I have named hasten to abolish slavery, andin this wise to make sure and speedy the defeat ofthe rebellion, and I am sure that the heart of theNorth will go out not only in justice, but in widegenerosity toward all their loyal slaveholders whohave suffered loss by such abolition. Liberally willshe expend money toward repairing the loss; andher gratitude and love will go along with her money. I said, stop taking advice of Kentucky. If ournation is lost, it will be because of the large influenceof the border States in her counsels. A simpleton,seeing that the squirrels in attacking corn-fieldsbegan upon the border rows, declared he would inventand get a patent for a corn-field without borderrows. I am not so simple as to propose that anation shall dispense with border States. But I amwise enough to wish that there were no pro-slaveryborder States. Far more dangerous to our nationare the pro-slavery border States than are the borderrows to the corn-field. Far more dangerous arethe slaveholders in the one than the squirrels in theother. I advised taking counsel of the nation instead ofKentucky. All the States north of the borderStates would to-day vote the abolition of slavery.They would do so, not for the sake of abolishingslavery, but for the sake of abolishing the rebellion.They do not claim that the abolition of slavery isthe object of the war. That any do, is a gross slander.But they do claim that it is right and obligatoryto put down anything and everything whichstands in the way of putting down the rebellion. Had the President of the United States, who is aman not of strong mind only, but of strong intentionsto do justice, been born in New England, insteadof Kentucky, the rebellion would have beenovercome long age. With his New England education,he would have lot Cameron's anti-slavery haveits mighty way, and the proclamation of the intrepidand manly Pathfinder have its mightier way. Hewould, at the very beginning of the war, have decidedthat slavery could not be taken care of by theGovernment, but must be left to take care of itself;or, in another words, that the slaveholders must, as wellas the former, merchant, and manufacturer, take thechanges of war. Nay, with a true New Englandeducation, he would, at the very first, have givena death-blow to the rebellion by allowing coloredmen to be a part of the seventy-five thousand troopsbe called for. One black regiment would have beensufficient to secure a speedy end to the war, and tosave us from the loss of a hundred thousand livesand a thousand million of dollars. For it wouldhave been sufficient to advertise the four millionsand a half of enslaved and free blocks which wasthe side of their friends—which was the side forthem to sympathize with and serve. I, of course,assume that had there been such a regiment, otherthings would have been in harmony. There wouldthen have been no repelling and outraging of thenegroes, and no alienation of them from our goodcause to help the South win them to her bad one.  Ever since the President modified Fremont's Proclamation,and indicated so strongly that hatredand oppression were still to be the policy of theGovernment towards the negroes, I have stronglyfeared that our country was lost. For, believingthat the South would be sweated by our victoriesand by the persuasive counsels and tempting offersof Europe to proclaim Emancipation, I have stronglyfeared that her negroes, bond and free, would bedrawn by the Proclamation, and driven by our hostileattitude toward them, to identify themselveswith the came of the South. The time for the Southto take this step with undoubting certainty that itwould crown her cause with triumph was when shefound herself disappointed in her expectations ofboth Northern and European aid. But it is probablynot yet too late. If taken now, she will hardlyfad to gain her independence. Sad result this ofour persevering crimes against our dark-skinnedbrother! And yet, if it be the Divine decree thatthe innocent slave shall be freed and the guilty nationdestroyed, who shall arraign its wisdom? Thenation on our South will be an exceedingly baseone—for the great mass of its whites will be scarcelyless ignorant and servile than the great mass ofits blacks. It will, of course, have no other than anintensely despotic government. Our own long andnarrow remnant of a nation will soon be broken upinto two or three nations. Such will be the end ofthe grand Republic that loved slavery more thanliberty I Strongly do I fear that you stand to-dayon the very brink of national ruin. Strongly do Ifear that, if Government shall persist a few weekslonger in the insane policy of driving the negroesand Europe along with them (for Europe will gowith the negroes) into a cordial union with theSouthern cause, you cannot escape from falling intothis ruin. But nothing of what I have said of Emancipationby the South do you believe will come to pass. Iown it will not, if you shall hasten to deal justlyand wisely with the negroes. And I own it willnot, if you shall anticipate Emancipation by yoursurrender to the South. Your acceptance from herof anything short of an unconditional surrender willbe your base and guilty surrender to her. No Governmentcan come into a compromise with theRebels against it, without perishing in the compromise.But all that I have said of Emancipation bythe South will probably come to pass, if, whilst continuingthe war against the Rebels, you shall alsocontinue the war against the negroes. Why will not the South emancipate? Other peoplehave done so in the straits of war. It has beenrepeatedly done on this side of the Atlantic, andwithin the life-time of our aged men. To repel theEnglish invaders of Hayti, the French plantersarmed and emancipated their slaves. To defeatSpain, her American colonists did likewise. Willthe Sooth, because she loves slavery, refuse to emancipate?It is true that she loves it, but she hatesthe North more. Will she refuse to emancipate becauseit was in the interest of slavery that she beganthe war? The blows which she is exchanging withthe North have become her ruling interest, and slaveryis comparatively forgotten by her. The originalcause of a quarrel is quite apt to sink in importance,if not indeed to be entirely lost sight of. Toachieve her independence of the despised Yankees,the South would sacrifice everything else. "Allthat a man hath will he give for his life." That independenceis dearer to the South than life, and todie achieving it would be far more welcome to herthan to live without it. But could the South, even with the earnest helpof all her blacks, bond and free, successfully defendherself against the North? Our nation was busiedseveral years, and at the cost of forty millions ofdollars and many lives, in conquering the handful ofIndians and negroes in Florida. A terrible elementin war, especially a guerilla war, would be the millionsof Southern negroes, with their intimate knowledgeof all retreats in marsh and mountain, withtheir habits of coarse and scanty fare, and withtheir powers of well nigh inexhaustible endurance. But need we study in this connection the capacityof the negroes in war? Would it not be morallyimpossible to prolong the war with the Rebels, aftertheir resort to emancipation, and their abolition ofthe cause of the war? Would not the moral senseof the world, including even that of the North itself,forbid it? Emancipation by the South would buttoe probably be the division of the nation. Not aday, then, should be lost in anticipating, by our justiceand benevolence to the negroes, this apprehendedmeasure of the South. Admitting it to be not certain that the negroeswilt in any event become our enemies, our armedand deadly enemies—nevertheless, can we afford toincur the risk of their becoming such by perseveringin our unrighteous and cruel treatment of them?We cannot, as it respects our war with the rebels;we cannot as it respects our relations with Europe.The impatient and harsh spirit manifested by Englandin the matter of the Trent, and the purpose ofEngland, France and Spain, to establish a monarchy,and that too of the Austrian type, in Mexico, areamong the indications that Europe's jealousy of Democracyis on the increase, and that at no distantday she will break out in fearful war upon it. Surely,surely, the present is no time for us to be makingenemies, and making them so gratuitously, too. Butthis is our time to be making friends—friends of allmen—of black as well as white men. Now is emphaticallyoar time to make oar institutions soundand strong, and to eliminate from them every elementof weakness and corruption. I advised you to take counsel of the nation, insteadof Kentucky. I close with beseeching you totake counsel of God. Take it of Him, and you willbe safe, "The sum of the Lord is a strong tower:the righteous runneth into it, and is safe." "Thouhast a mighty arm: strong is thy hand and high isthy right hand." Take counsel of Him, and you will quickly dropyour policy of "Reconstruction." A guiltier policythere is no where under the sun. For what can beguiltier than to repeat the preëminent crime andreëstablish the blood-drenched system of our nationalslaveholding? Nor can there be a madder policythan to put back the nation into the hands of thatmatchless Barbarism, that Infernal Power, whichhas broken it up—and at the cost of so much lifeand treasure. But, thank God. "Reconstruction"is impossible! You might as well undertake to setback into their former position, shape, and appearance,the tossed and tumbled buildings of the citywhich an earthquake has plowed up, as undertaketo rest ore slavery after the tossings and tumblingsIt is getting in this war. Moreover, ere they getthrough that war, the people of the Free States willhave had enough of slavery—quite enough of it tocure them of any remaining disposition to reëstablishIt I cannot bone that the Border Slave States willalso become so sick of slavery as to be willing togive it up; for I have had too much proof that apeople rarely give up slavery until they are obligedto. A community, in which though not more thanone in fifty is a slaveholder, will nevertheless beunder the sway of slavery. It will be ignorant andpoor. The intelligence and wealth in it, and thereforethe power, will be concentrated in the handfulof slaveholders. How strikingly is this clinging toslavery exemplified in the case of Western Virginia!Northern troops harried to deliver her out of thebeads of traitors. Nevertheless, she is to-day, likeKentucky, a more dangerous enemy to the Northand to the Union than is a Golf State. In goingfor the Union, she gets the confidence of the friendsof the Union. In going at the same time for slavery,and making far more account of it than of the Union,she betrays the friends and vitally stake the causeof the Union. Even Delaware, although she hasbut one or two thousand slaves, is still, as may beseen in the course of both her State and nationallegislators, in the hands of the Slave Power. Nevertheless,I repeat it, that "Reconstruction" is impossible.Slavery has received its mortal wound.The Rebels meant to give it an endless life. Buttheir own lands are bringing it to a speedy death.Devotees of "Reconstruction!" he you in Congress,the Cabinet, or the army, you will very likely killyour country, and kill yourselves, by persevering inyour felly. But be assured that you cannot saveslavery from being also killed. The question is nolonger whether slavery shall die. The sole questionnow is whether our slavery-bewildered nation shalllive. It will live, if the Government resolve unconditionallythat it shall. But it will not live, if theGovernment persist in the purpose that slaveryshall also live. 
