 The future antiquarian, who shall be driven byhis passion for mouldiness to read over the Democraticjournals of the present day, will wonder whatcomplication of crimes was embodied in the ever-recurringwords, "Rabid Abolitionism." In New York Heralds and Boston Posts, in St.Louis Republicans and Detroit Free Presses, he willfind ten denunciations of Abolitionism to one earnestcensure of Treason, of Theft, or of Murder.He will find fifty columns of anathema piled uponWendell Phillips, but hardly a word derogatory tothe character of Gordon, the pirate, Jeff. Davis, thetraitor, or Monroe Edwards, the forger. Heralds Posts Republicans Free Presses Men who live blameless lives, who obey the laws ofGod and of man, are met with sharper abuse thanpimps and cut-throats! Men who live blameless lives, who obey the laws ofGod and of man, are met with sharper abuse thanpimps and cut-throats! And the antiquary will want to know what isthis greatest of crimes? Abolitionism! And whoare these greatest of criminals? Abolitionists! Hewill find that, in Rebeldom, all men born in FreeStates are Abolitionists. Stephen A. Douglas,Lewis Cass, Millard Fillmore—all these are in thecategory. As he continues his investigations, bewill learn that every man who has ever declared forhuman freedom, and against human slavery, has atsome time had to bear the stigma of Abolitionism—Washington, who hoped the States would one dayall be free, and who emancipated his own slaves—Jefferson, who said that ail men have an inherentand unalienable right to liberty—and Franklin,who was the first to petition Congress for the emancipationof slaves; and he will find that contemporaryabuse was in exact ratio to the earnestness ofits object in his love for freedom. Since the present war broke out, this invectivehas been more bitter than ever before. Abolitionism,it is constantly urged, is the cause of the war.Hang William Lloyd Garrison, and Jeff. Davis, bysome strange logic, becomes the most obedient oflaw-abiding men! If Ellsworth is stabbed, a picketmurdered, or anything peculiarly barbarous done bythe rebels, these Democrats bowl—"Why, in God'sname, is Owen Lovejoy allowed to speak in Congress?" We pity the antiquarian, and do not know howhe can ever solve the riddle. But here are the articles before us. The NewYork Express says:— Express "Southern secession must be overcome first, andthen Northern secession must be taken in hand. Ournational difficulties will never cease until rabid Abolitionis completely put down by the power of the Governmentof the United States." until rabid Abolitionis completely put down by the power of the Governmentof the United States. It must be put down! Men who prefer freedomto slavery must be put down, no matter how goodcitizens they are I They must be put down, becausethey think it. Massachusetts, an "Abolition"State, which sent the first men to the field, must beput down! Kansas, an Abolition State, althoughcontributing more largely in proportion to her populationthan any of her sisters, must be put down! think it. Such is the logic of slavery. Alas, poor antiquary!—Kansas Conservative. Kansas Conservative. 
