 Washington, D.C. March 2, 1862. Gentlemen: I have the honor to acknowledgeyour favor of yesterday, inviting me to attend ameeting of the citizens of New York, at the CooperInstitute, on the sixth inst., and requesting my viewson the subject of the call. I shall not be able to attendthe meeting, nor have I the leisure to writeout my views upon the subject with the care demandedby the nature of it, but I will offer somethoughts for your consideration. I do not concur in the proposition that certainStates have been "recently overturned and whollysubverted as members of the Federal Union," uponwhich the call is based. This is, in substance,what the Confederates themselves claim, and thefact that secession is maintained by the authors ofthis call, for a different purpose, does not make itmore constitutional, or prevent them from being actualaiders and abettors of the Confederates. No one who knows my political career will suspectthat my condemnation of this doctrine is influencedby any indisposition to put an end to slavery.I have left no opportunity unimproved to strike atit, and have never been restrained from doing so bypersonal considerations. But I have never believedthat the abolition of slavery, or any other great reform,could or ought to be effected except by lawfuland constitutional modes. The people have neversanctioned, and never will sanction, any other andthe friends of a cause will especially avoid all questionable grounds when, as in the present instance, nothingelse will long postpone their success. There are two distinct interests in slavery, the politicaland property interests, held by distinct classes.The rebellion originated with the political class.The property class, which generally belonged to theWhig organization, had lost no property in the regionwhere the rebellion broke out, and were prosperous.It was the Democratic organization, whichdid not represent the slaveholders as a class, whichhatched the rebellion. Their defeat in the late politicalstruggle, and in the present rebellion, extinguishesat once and forever the political interest ofslavery. The election of Mr. Lincoln put an end tothe hopes of Jeff Davis, Wise et id omne genus, forthe Presidency of the Union, and hence the rebellion.It extinguished slavery as a power to controlthe Federal Government, and it was the capacity ofslavery to subserve this purpose alone, which hasgiven it vitality for morally and economically it isindefensible. With the extinction of its politicalpower, there is no motive to induce any politician touphold it. No man ever defended such an institutionexcept for pay, and nothing short of the powerof the Government could provide sufficient gratificationto ambition to pay for such service and thereforeMr. Toombs said, with perfect truth, that theinstitution could only be maintained in the Union bythe possession of the Government. That has beenwrested from it, and the pay is on the side of justiceand truth. Can any man who respects popular intelligencethink it necessary, with such advantageson the side of justice and truth, to violate the greatcharter of our liberties to insure their triumph?Such an act, in my judgment, so far from advancingthe cause in whose name it is performed, wouldsurely be disastrous, and result in bringing our opponentsinto power in the name of the Constitution. et id omne genus it is not merely a question of Constitutional lawor slavery with which we have to deal in "securingpermanent peace." *** The problem before us isthe practical one of dealing with the relations ofmasses of two different races in the same community.The calamities now open us have been broughtabout, as I have already said, not by the grievancesof the class claiming property in slaves, but by thejealously of caste, awakened by the secessionists inthe non-slaveholders. In considering the means of securing  the peace ofthe country hereafter, it is therefore this jealously ofraces which is chiefly to be considered. Emancipationalone would not remove it. It was by proclaimingto the laboring whites who fill the armies of rebellion, that the election of Mr. Lincoln involvedemancipation, equality of the negroes with them, andconsequently amalgamation, that their jealousy wasstimulated to the fighting point. Nor is this jealousythe fruit of mere ignorance and bad passion, assome suppose, or confined to the white people of theSouth. On the contrary, it belongs to all races, andlike all popular instincts proceeds from the highestwisdom. It is, in fact, the instinct of self preservationwhich revolts at hybridism. Nor does this instinct militate against the naturallaw, that all men are created equal, if another lawof nature equally obvious is obeyed. We have butto restore the subject race to the same or to a regionsimilar to that from which it was brought by violence,to make it operative, and such a separation of racesis the condition which the immortal author of theDeclaration himself declared to be indispensable togive it practical effect. A theorist not living in a communitywhere diverse races are brought in contact inmasses may stifle the voice of nature in his own bosom,and from a determination to live up to a mistakenview of the doctrine go so far as to extend social intercourseto individuals of the subject race. But feweven of such persons would pursue their theories so faras amalgamation and other legitimate consequences oftheir logic. Indeed, for the most part, such persons,in our country, like the leading spirits in Exeter Hall,are so far removed, by their circumstances, from anypractical equality with working people of any race,that they have little sympathy for them, and nothingto apprehend for themselves from the theory ofequality. Not so with the white working-man in acommunity where there are many negroes. In suchcircumstances, the distinction of caste is the onlyprotection of the race from hybridism, and consequentextinction. That the jealousy of caste is the instinct of thehighest wisdom, and is fraught with the greatestgood, is abundantly attested by its effects on our ownrace, in which it is stronger than any other. Weconquer and hold our conquests by it. The difficult question with which we have to dealis, then, the question of race, and I do not think itis disposed of, or that our difficulties will be lessenedby emancipation by Congress, even if such an actwas constitutional. It would certainly add to theexasperation of the non-slaveholding whites of theSouth, and might unite them against the Government,and if so, they would be unconquerable. As mattersstand, we can put down the rebellion, becausethe people of the natural strongholds of the Southerncountry are with us. It is chiefly in the lowlands accessible from the ocean and navigable riversand bays, that treason is rampant. The mountainfastnesses, where alone a guerilla war can be sustained,are now held by Union men, and they aremore numerous, and more robust, intelligent, and independentthan the rebels. It is chiefly the moredegraded class of non-slaveholders, who live in themidst of slavery, who are now engaged against theGovernment. But the non-slaveholders of the mountainand high land regions, while for taw Union, arenot free from the jealousy of caste, and the policy Iobject to would, if adopted, I apprehend, arraythem against us. Nor would we succeed in our objectif they were finally subdued and exterminated,if we left the negroes on the soil; for other whiteswould take the country, and hold it against the negroes,and reduce them again to slavery, or exterminatethem. I am morally certain, indeed, that to free theslaves of the South, without removing them, wouldresult in the massacre of them. A general massacrewas on the eve of taking place in the State of Tennessee,in 1856, upon a rising of some of them onthe Cumberland; and I have been assured by theHon. Andrew Johnson, who was then Governor ofthe State, that nothing but his prompt calling outof the militia prevented it. But this antagonism of race, which has led to ourpresent calamities and might lead to yet greater,if it continues to be ignored, will deliver us fromslavery in the easiest, speediest, and best manner, ifwe recognize it as it is—the real cause of troubleand invincible, and deal with it rationally. We have but to propose to let the white racehave the lands intended for them by the Creator, toturn the fierce spirit aroused by the secessionists todestroy the Union to the support of it, and at thesame time to break up the slave system by whichthe most fertile lands of the temperate zone aremonopolized and wasted. That is the result whichthe logic of the census shows is being worked out,and which no political management can prevent beingworked out. The essence of the contest is,whether the white race shall have these lands, orwhether they shall be held by the black race, in thename of a few whites. The blacks could never holdthem as their own, for we have seen how quicklythat race has disappeared when emancipated. Experienceproves what might have been inferred fromtheir history, that it has not maintained and cannotmaintain itself in the temperate zone, in contact andin competition with the race to which that regionbelongs. It is only when dependent that it can existthere. But this servile relation is mischievous,and the community so constituted does not flourishand keep pace with the spirit of the age. It hasscarcely the claim to the immense area of land it occupies,which the Aborigines had; for though theIndians occupied larger space, with fewer inhabitants,they did not waste the land as the slave systemdoes. No political management or sentimentalismcan prevent the natural resolution of such asystem, in the end, any more than such a meanscould avail to preserve the Indian possession and dominion. The rebellion, like the Indian outbreaks, is but avain attempt to stem the tide of civilization andprogress. The treachery, falsehood and cruelty perpetratedto maintain negro possession, scarcely lessthan that of the savages, mark the real nature ofthe contest. Nevertheless, I believe it might havebeen averted if we had adopted Mr. Jefferson'scounsels, and made provision for the separation ofthe races, providing suitable homes for the blacks,as we have for the Indians. It is essential still, inorder to abridge the conflict of arms, and to fraternizethe people when that is past, to follow Mr. Jefferson'sadvice. This most benevolent and sagacious statesmanpredicted all the evils which it has been our misfortuneto witness, unless we should avert them bythis, the only means which, after the most anxiousthought, he could suggest. No statesman of ourday has given the subject so much thought as hedid, or possesses the knowledge or ability to treat it sowisely. Let us, then, listen to his counsels. By doingso, we shall establish a fraternity among theworking-men of the white race throughout theUnion which has never existed, and give real freedomto the black race, which cannot otherwise exist.Nor is it necessary to the restoration of harmonyand prosperity to the Union, that this policy shouldbe actually and completely put in force. It is onlynecessary that it should be adopted by the Government,and that it be made known to the people thatit is adopted, to extinguish hostility in the hearts ofthe masses of the South toward the people of theNorth, and secure their co-operation in putting anend to slavery. No greater mistake was ever madethan in supposing that the masses of the people ofthe South favor slavery. I have already statedthat they did not take up arms to defend it, and explainedthe real motives of their action. The factthat they oppose emancipation in their midst is theonly foundation for a contrary opinion. But themasses of the North are equally opposed to it, if thefour millions of slaves were to be transported to theirmidst. The prohibitory laws against their coming,existing in all the States subject to such invasion,proves this. On the other hand, the intense hostilitywhich is universally known to be felt by the non-slaveholdersof the South towards mil negroes expressestheir real hostility to slavery, and it is thenatural form of expression under the circumstances. It needs, therefore, but the assurance which wouldbe given by providing homes for the blacks elsewhere,that they are to be regarded as sojournerswhen emancipated, as in point of fact they are, andever will be, to insure the co-operation of non-slaveholdersin their emancipation. Nor would they requireimmediate, universal, or involuntary transportation,or that any injustice whatever be done tothe blacks. The more enterprising would soon emigrate,and multitudes of lees energy would follow,if such success attended the pioneers, as the carewith which the government should foster so importantan object would doubtless insure: and withsuch facilities, it would require but few generationsto put the temperate regions of America in the exclusiveoccupation of the white race, and removethe only obstacle to a perpetual Union of the States. With great respect, I am Your obd't servant, M. BLAIR. To the Committee of Invitation, &c. 
