 The Boston Traveller, of Saturday evening, publishesa discourse of Rev. Henry Ward Beecher, warmlycommendatory of President Lincoln's message to Congress, in the course of which is the followingreference to the Anti-Slavery struggle:— Traveller It is a memorable epoch that is marked by thisState paper, as illustrating a complete trial and triumphof the power of free discussion and moral influencesapplied to the removal of national evils.The men are yet alive, and many of them are scarcelyold yet, who saw the beginning of that agitationwhich, having gone through the most remarkablephases, has resulted at last in this substantial changeof the public mind and feeling I remember thefirst outbreaks. I remember well when WilliamLloyd Garrison lay in a jail in the South on thecharge of using inflammatory language. I remember thefirst outbreaks. I remember well when WilliamLloyd Garrison lay in a jail in the South on thecharge of using inflammatory language. I rememberthe great stir that there was in the churcheswhen he came North, and began in unmeasured, andI cannot say to-be-justified language, to denouncethe mischiefs of slavery. That man had a hearttrue for liberty—I shall never cease to revere himfor that; he had an invincible will for that which hethought to be right and just—I shall never cease torevere him for that; and be disdained and despisedall personal considerations, and laid himself uponthe altar of sacrifice for his country's good—I nevershall enough praise him for that; but I would to Godthat it had been permitted him to be one that lovedliberty, as well as one that hated slavery. (1) Itseems as though it was hatred of slavery, abhorrenceof the system, that characterized the earlier movementsin behalf of emancipation; and it seems asthough this stirred up the worst elements of the system.(2) It would have been bad enough, underany circumstances. You cannot attack slaverywithout arousing its opposition, any more than youcan take a lamb from a lion's jaw without infuriatingthat savage beast; but it is not necessary to makeit worse than the end to be accomplished requires.It was desirable that there should be more Christianlove; more Christian temperance; more Christianforbearance. (3) It is proper to say these thingsnow, because Mr. Garrison is becoming popular. Ihave never said them before. He has always, tillof late, been in the minority, and to have madethese criticisms would have been to join his enemies;to take sides against him, and in favor of slavery.But now, when men in high places invite Mr. Garrisonto lecture, and publish his letters, and accepthis ideas as no more inflammatory than any otherman's, I take the liberty of saying what I thinkabout him. But I tell you, it is a great day that wehave lived to see, when Mr. Garrison is petted, andpatted, and invited, and praised by Governors, andjudges, and expectants of political preferment. (4)What is the world coming to? I wish we had moremen like him and better. (1) (2) (3) (4) The men are yet alive who were mobbed for theassertion of those truths that are now uttered by thePresident of these United States, when he declaresthat slavery is inconsistent with the safety of thisgovernment. I roust read that sentence again: "The Federal Government would find its highestinterest in such a measure as one of the most efficientmeans of self-preservation." What measure? The abolition of slavery. ThePresident of these United States is not mobbed forthat assertion. Mr. Lewis Tappan was, in his day;and Mr. Arthur Tappan; and Dr. Cox; and Mr.Garrison; and Mr. Phillips; and Mr. Alvan Stewart,of blessed memory. All these men, and many more,a large proportion of whom are yet with the harnesson, and working, lost place, lost caste, lost preferment,lost influence with bad men, and only gainedit with good, for the declaration of principles not sooffensive as that which is made the very axis of theMessage of the President of the United States;namely, that this government cannot exist withoutthe abolishment of slavery. Consider how this change has been brought aboutIt has been brought about by the simple force offree discussion. The right of free speech was firstattacked. You recollect it, and I recollect it. Thebattles of the Presbyteries of the West were undermy notice. Every device was employed to preventthe going forth from those bodies of the declarationthat slavery was sinful. In about every Presbyteryand ecclesiastical convention or assembly in theNorth, the determination was that there should notbe the utterance of the religious community againstslavery. The first great controversy was as towhether they ought to call it an evil. They did notthink that they ought to call it anything. Theythought they ought to let it alone. They deemedit to be none of their business. But when theywere pressed to call it, not only an evil, but a sin tobe repented of and renounced, they would call it anevil but they would not call it a sin. When, further,they were pressed, not only to call it a sin, but todiscipline and cut off from communion those that indulgedin it, they would call it a sin, but they wouldnot make it a matter of discipline. And so, step bystep, the controversy went on till it divided thosechurches that would not let it come in. It has tornasunder church after church; and the rupture hasnot hurt them, either: it has been the best thingthat could happen to them—for to rend a church islike tearing a miser's treasures from him. Hehoarded them, and made them instruments of hisown selfishness; and when they are scattered andput into circulation, they subserve a far better purposethan they did while stowed away in coffers.How poor men laugh when a miser dies! His moneyis unlocked then. And when a church is sundered,and the fastenings of its temporal power arebroken, the Gospel flows out, and has circulation,and exerts an influence that it could not exert whenit was simply ministering to those whose supremedesire was to take care of themselves. Though men were despised for holding and advocatingthe doctrines of liberty, yet there was a largecalendar that gave themselves willingly to contemptfor the sake of justice and truth. They were toeinstruments that God employed. And what hadthey? They had their faith in God. They hadtheir love of Christ. They had their unwaveringconviction that the right was with them. Theyhad no power in the church, and no power inthe State. They had no power anywhere. Theyhad nothing but the invincible power of weakness.They had nothing but the righteousness oftheir cause. And this inspired them with intenseenthusiasm. And continuing on, they have wroughtout results the importance of which cannot be estimated.They have been the pioneers in this greatrevolution. They are men whose shoes' latchets weare not worthy to unloose. I revere them as theprophets of the American people. And the young should take heed. You recollecta great deal of this battle. You recollect how unpopularthese things have been. You have seen, inyour time, a complete revolution. You have seenmen that were looked upon as the offscouring ofthe earth come to be honored and revered. Whodoes not remember the storm that raged about thatnoble and venerable old patriot, John Quincy Adams,when, in the Congress of the United States, he introduceda petition made by somebody for the abolishmentof slavery. It was meant to devour him,but it did not. He was Daniel in a den of lionsagain; and the Lord held their months so that theyshould not bite him. They did all but that, though.Now look back, and consider how he then stood inthe focal point of contempt and abuse; and thenconsider how his name now stands in the focal pointof honor and respect. The last shall be first, andthe lowest shall be highest. It is an illustration ofwhat is the majesty and might of principle andtroth adhered to." (1) This strikes us as paradoxical, to say nothing ofits invidiousness. It is like regretting that a persondoes not love hotlines, because he hates sin so intensely;nor God, because he detects all Mammon- worship;nor Christ, because he sedulously resists the devil! (1) This strikes us as paradoxical, to say nothing ofits invidiousness. It is like regretting that a persondoes not love hotlines, because he hates sin so intensely;nor God, because he detects all Mammon- worship;nor Christ, because he sedulously resists the devil! (2) Of course—a necessary and natural result. (2) Of course—a necessary and natural result. (3) This charge calls for no defence, on account ofits generalization; but no doubt we have often erred. (3) This charge calls for no defence, on account ofits generalization; but no doubt we have often erred. (4) This is the latest intelligence received in Boston!We protect that we know nothing of it as anactual fact. Mr. Beecher is the generous and too imaginative!We really believe that "the offence ofthe cross," in our particular case, has not yet whollycaused; though we gladly admit that the burden isgreatly lessened, and that we are somewhat gaining inreputation. But us for popularity—? (4) This is the latest intelligence received in Boston!We protect that we know nothing of it as anactual fact. Mr. Beecher is the generous and too imaginative!We really believe that "the offence ofthe cross," in our particular case, has not yet whollycaused; though we gladly admit that the burden isgreatly lessened, and that we are somewhat gaining inreputation. But us for popularity—? 
