 MR. GARRISON: R. ARRISON Dear SIR—In the Liberator of March 14th, I readwith the closest attention your criticisms upon "thePresident's Message." It simply occurs to me to inquire, whether you ought not to have noticed, andgiven some credit for the following portion:— IR Liberator "If however, resistance continues, the war must alsocontinue, and it is impossible to foresee all the incidentswhich may attend, and all the ruin which may follow it.Such as may seem indispensable, or may obviously promise great efficiency toward ending the struggle, mustand will come. The proposition now made, though an offer only, Iit may be esteemed to offence to ask whether thepecuniary consideration tendered, would not bemore value to the States and private persons concerned,than are the institution and property in it, inthe present aspect of affairs." the present aspect of affairs." I have italicized certain words, to show their pointmore distinctly. Is it not stated that there is to be soyielding to the rebels? Is it not more than intimatedthat, if they persist in their rebellion, the most efficientcourse—Emancipation—may be resorted to? I know you love to do exact justice, and so I haveventured to call your attention more fully to the paragraphsquoted. Truly yours, LUCIUS HOLMES. Charlton, (Mass.,) March 18, 1862. REMARKS. Our object, in simply criticizing theresolution which the President recommends to theadoption of Congress, was specific—to show that itwas uncalled for, unreliable, an avoidance of the trueissue, and therefore to be rejected. It is of veryslight importance, we conceive, that the President intimatesthat the rebellion must be put down; for, ofcourse, he is pledged to that extent, by virtue of hisoffice. Nor does his enigmatical language about whatmay possibly follow, in case the Slave States rejectthe proffered overture, affect the character of the resolution,or indicate what course it will then be advisableto pursue. His message is wholly destitute ofsympathy for the enslaved, of any recognition of theinjustice or wrongfulness of slavery, of all moral principle;it is based upon selfish considerations alone;and in proffering pecuniary aid to the rebels in armsas well as to those who are loyal (upon compulsion),it gingerly hopes it will "be esteemed no offence"!Let it be remembered that there are several propositionsbefore Congress for the entire abolition of slavery,under the war power; that multitudes of petitions,in support of that measure, have been sent tothat body; and that either Congress or the Presidenthas now the constitutional right to decree universalemancipation as a war measure. Under these circumstances,what is the resolution recommended by thePresident, and since adopted without alteration or additionby the House of Representatives, but offering astone when bread is asked, and a serpent for a fish?What is it but "a decoy duck," "a red herring," acowardly and criminal avoidance of the one greatsaving issue, namely, the immediate suppression ofthe slave system? Instead of its being "an enteringwedge," is it not far more likely to prove an ignisfatuus which lures but to mislead? When the Governmenthas slavery within its grasp, and may strangleit at any moment, is a proposition on the part of thePresident to waive the exercise of this power, andto leave that foul system to be disposed of as thetraitors themselves shall see fit, to be received withthanksgiving? No—let us rather hold the Governmentto its solemn responsibilities, and tolerate no delay in thedischarge of its imperative duty. Evasion and shufflingnow are blood-red crimes. Moreover, in proposing "agradual abolishment of slavery," and in saying, "inmy judgment, gradual and not sudden emancipation isbetter for all," the President strikes at the doctrine,that liberty is the gift of God and man's inalienablebirthright, and nullifies all the holy commandments.No dogma more pernicious or more sinful was everpromulgated, than that slavery ought not to be immediatelyabolished; for it is an admission of thepresent rightful or necessary existence of that "sumof all villanies," and relieves of moral turpitude allwho are upholding it. This dogma has always beena subterfuge for the dealers in human flesh, and forall the enemies of the Anti Slavery movement; againstit, as against one of the deadly sins. Abolitionists havestrenuously contended from the beginning; and nowthat it is approved and recommended for approval ofCongress, by the President in his official character, itis all the more to be reprobated. EMARKS. ignisfatuus hold the Governmentto its solemn responsibilities, and tolerate no delay in thedischarge of its imperative duty. gradual The Government is either acting under the warpower, constitutionally entrusted to it, or it is not.If it is, then for it to propose to enter into any pecuniaryarrangements with the rebel Slave States, inorder to quell the rebellion, is a sign of weakness, alack of self-respect, and an act unwarranted by any ofthe powers granted to it. If it is not, then Congresshas no constitutional right to "resolve that the UnitedStates ought to cooperate with any State which mayadopt a gradual abolishment of slavery, giving to suchState pecuniary aid to be used by such State in itsdiscretion to compensate for the inconveniences, publicand private, produced by such change of system."It is an act of impertinence—meddling with what doesnot concern that body. But, if it were otherwise,then, as no inducement is held out to any State to extinguishits slave system without delay, and no aid isproffered except where a gradual policy shall be initiated,—continuing we know not how long, and terminatingonly at the pleasure of an all-controlling andmercenary slave oligarchy in each State,—the measureis fraught with mischief, and ought to be rejected byan emphatic vote. Though it has passed the House,we hope it will be vigorously and successfully resistedin the Senate. We confess that we shudder at the thought that,possibly, through timidity or lack of principle, thepresent glorious opportunity to put an end to slaverymay be allowed to pass unimproved by the Government,and that there may he a renewal or reconstructionof the old "covenant with death and agreementwith hell," to the further demoralization of the nation,the longer supremacy of the Slave Power, and theultimate outbreak of another civil war, with heavierjudgments and under more appalling circumstances."Wo to the rebellious children, saith the Lord,that take counsel, hut not of me; and that cover witha covering, hat not of my Spirit, that they may addsin to sin: that walk to go down into Egypt, and havenot asked at my mouth; to strengthen themselves inthe strength of Pharaoh, and to trust in the shadowof Egypt! Therefore shall the strength of Pharaohbe your shame, and the trust in the shadow of Egyptyour confusion." 
