 Owing to the excitement caused by the actionsof one J.W.B. Kelley, an avowed Abolitionist,and to some of his expressions which were madepublicly on our streets, and which nearly resultedin has death, a meeting of the citizens of Atchisonand vicinity was called, to endorse the actionof Mr. Grafton Thomason, who gave him one ofthe severest castigations over inflicted on a humanbeing. Ten o'clock being the hour appointed for themeeting, a vast concourse of people assembled. On motion of Kobert S. Kelley, Doctor DudleyMcVay was called to the chair. On motion of Ira Norris, Robert S. Kelley waselected Secretary. N.J. Ireland, Esq., being called upon, in anappropriate and explicit speech, stated the objectsof the meeting. The speaker went over the actionsof this Abolition culprit, and referred to the manyinstances in which he has been heard to cast reproachupon the institution of slavery, and theuttering of sentiments which were dangerous tobe allowed to be uttered in a Slave State. He alsoreferred to the castigation administered to him byMr. Thomason, of whom, as a slaveholder, he hadbeen making uncalled for and unjust remarks. On motion, a committee of three, consisting ofRobert S. Kelley, Albert G. Smith, and W.B.Brocket, were appointed by the chair, to draft resolutionsexpressive of the sense of the meeting. The committee, after retiring a few minutes, returned,and, through the chairman, reported thefollowing resolutions, which were adopted unanimous— unanimous Whereas, by recent occurrences, it is now knownthere are among as agents of the Underground Railroad,for the express purpose of abducting our slaves;and whereas, one J.W.B. Kelly, hailing from some infernalAbolition den, has, both by words and acts,proved himself a worthy representative of such an association;and whereas, others in the vicinity, whoseidle habits and apparently plenty of money, induce usto believe that they are hirelings of some such infamousSociety; believing it due, not only to ourselves,but the adjoining portion Missouri, to rid ourselvesof so great an evil, and for the furtherance of this anddo whereas Resolve, 1st, That one J.W.B. Kelley, hailing fromCincinnati, having, upon sundry occasions, denouncedour institutions, and declared all pro-slavery men ruffians,we deem it an act of kindness to rid him of suchcompany, and hereby command him to leave the townof Atchison one hour after being informed of the passageof this resolution, never more to show himself inthis vicinity. Resolved, 3d, That in case he fails to obey this reasonablecommand, we inflict upon him such punishmenton the nature of the case and circumstances may require. Resolved, 3d, That other emissaries of this 'Aid Society,'who are new in our midst, tampering with ourselves,are warned to leave, else they, too, will meetthe reward which their nefarious designs so justly merit. reward Resolved, 4th, That we approve and applaud onefellow-townsman, Grafton Thomason, for the castigationadministered to said J.W.B. Kelley, whose presenceamong us is a libel upon our good standing and adisgrace to the community. Resolved, 5th, That we have commenced the goodwork of purging our town of all resident Abolitionists,and, after cleansing our towns of such nuisances, shallbe the same for the settlers on Walnut and Independencecreeks, whose propensities for cattle-stealing areknown to many. Resolved, 6th, That the chairman appoint a committeeof three to wait upon said Kelley, and acquaint himwith the action of this meeting. Resolved, 7th, That the proceedings of this meetingbe published, that the world may know our determination. On motion of R.S. Kelley, Esq., the chair appointeda committee of three, with Grafton ThomasonEsq., as chairman, in compliance with thenext resolution, to notify said J.W.B. Kelley, ofCincinnati, of the desire of this meeting. On motion of Mr. John Bennett, John H. Blassingameand G.T. Challis were selected to completethis committee. On motion of Mr. Henry Addams, copies of theresolutions above, and the proceedings of thismeeting, were ordered to be made out, and a committeeof three be requested to circulate them,with a review of obtaining signatures, thereby showingwho were pro-slavery men and who were Abolitionists—all who refuse to endorses the action ofthis meeting to be taken into consideration onSaturday evening next, August 11th, at whichtime the said committee are to make their report.The above resolution having been adopted, withouta dissenting voice, the chairman, in compliancewith its provisions, appointed Ira Norris, JohnBennett, and L.L. Boles, said committee to obtainsignatures. The committee appointed to wait on Mr. Kelleyreported, that he was not to be found in the cityor neighborhood, but, acting under the belief that'discretion was the better part of valor,' had left,most time during the night. Many matters were discussed in regard to themost depredations of Free-Soilers settled in theneighborhood, which resulted in a determination,in the part of those present, not to rest until thisneighborhood could say that the foot of no Abolitionistpollutes our soil. The resolutions were then signed by several hundredpersons who were on the ground. Afterwhich, there being no further business before themeeting, it adjourned to meet again on Saturday,the 11th of August next. DUDLEY McVAY, President. UDLEY AY ROBERT S. KELLEY, Secretary. OBERT ELLEY 
