 STRINGFELLOW ON SLAVE PROPERTY IN KANSAS.—We receive letters by nearly every mail, asking ouropinion as regards the security of slave propertyin Kansas Territory. We can truly answer thatno Territory in Uncle Sam's dominion can be foundwhere the slave can be made more secure, or hiswork command a higher price. Kansas is adaptedto slave labor, as all can testify who have experimentedin the matter. Our slave population isgradually increasing by the arrival of emigrantsand settlers from the Slave States, who, havingan eye to making a fortune, have wisely concludedto secure a farm in Kansas, and stock it well withvaluable slaves. Thre are nearly one hundredslaves in this immediate neighborhood, and wehave yet the first instance of one's escaping to record.Situated as Missouri is, being surroundedby Free States, we would advise the removal ofnegroes from the frontier counties to Kansas,where they are comparatively safe. Abolitioniststoo well know the character of the Kansas squatter,to attempt to carry out the nefarious schemesof the underground railroad companies.—SquallerSovereign. TRINGFELLOW ON LAVE ROPERTY IN ANSAS.  SquallerSovereign. SUICIDE OF A NEGRO.—Circumstances have transpiredwithin a few weeks past in this neighborhood,which have placed beyond a doubt the existenceof an organized band of abolitionists in ourmidst. We counsel our friends who have moneyin slave property, to keep a sharp look out, lesttheir valued slaves may be induced to commit actswhich might jeopardize their lives. Mr. GraftonThomason, of this place, lost a valuable negroabout a week ago, and we have not the least doubtbut that she was persuaded by one of this lawlessbank to destroy herself, rather than remain in slavery.In fact, one of this gang was heard to remark,'that she did perfectly right in drowning herself,'and just as he would have done, or what anynegro who is held in bondage should do. We ask,shall a man expressing such sentiments be permittedto reside in our midst—be permitted to run atlarge among our slaves, sowing the seeds of discordand discontent, jeopardizing our lives and our property?We may justly be breaded as 'ruffians'and cowards, did we permit it.—Kansas Herald. UICIDE OF A EGRO. and we have not the least doubtbut that she was persuaded by one of this lawlessbank to destroy herself, rather than remain in slavery. ruffians Kansas Herald. MORE DEMOCRATIC AVOWALS.—The followingfrom the Richfield (Mo.) Enterprise, evinces thetemper of the Atchison and String fellow ruffianswhom Pierce is conspiring with, to plant slaveryin Kansas: ORE EMOCRATIC VOWALS. Enterprise 'The policy of the South has now ceased to bethat of temporizing. We are determined to putinto requisition the stout hearts and strong armswhich God has furnished us with—and if, to maintainour constitutional rights, it becomes necessaryto deluge the Territory of Kansas with humanblood, it will be done. This,  restassured, will be the result, notwithstanding itwould be an insult to the virgin soil of the Territory,to mingle with it the crimson tide that willflow from the veins of the hired dastards and poltroonsof the North and East.'  And for thwarting these blood-thirsty villains.Gov. Reeder was sacrificed, and attempted to bedisgraced. We demand for Slavery not merely protectionfrom Abolition attacks, but we demand that itsexistence shall be more palpably recognized andmore certainly secured. We wish to see the rightof a Southerner to travel with his slave anywherein the Union fully secured. The Union in worthless,unless Slavery is placed upon a footing whichwill secure to its advocates every right enjoyed byits opponents. In a word, we demand the fullest,the fairest, and the most unquestionable equalitybetween the slave States and their inhabitants onthe one side, and the free States and their citizenson the other. Let us have equality or dissolution.—Lynchburg (Va.) Republican. Lynchburg (Va.) Republican. We are not accustomed to speak lightly of theUnion, for we value its blessings too highly; butwhen it becomes a fixed and settled thing, thatslaveholders denied the plain rights of citizenship,cannot travel with their property through a non-slaveholdingState, then we say that the Unionought to be dissolved.—Washington Sentinel. Washington Sentinel. The repeal of all laws against the slave tradehas become necessary, in order to the proper occupationof the new territories opened to slavery,and to the success of the scheme for its furtherextension—Richmond Examiner. Richmond Examiner. The editor of the Cor, noticing comes remarksof care, says:—'That to hold God's image,as property is a sin against God, like all othersins to be at once repented of. It is easy to makean assertion; but surely, if so fearful a system ofoppression and robbing as that which ex in theslave states is not a sin to be reported of, and acrime to be punished, we are at a  to knowwhere to find either.' Cor    How any man can make such a sin statement, withoutfirst renouncing the Bible, and declaring himselfan infidel, we are at a loss to conceive.—&.Louis Presbyterian. Louis Presbyterian. It is there we had adopted plans and  ofdefense more efficient than those  in existence.And if the war deep commence, let mentsbe such that no man having' used in histeeth,' can be found in Kansas in twenty-fourhours after the fire of this first gun.—,Mo. Enterprise.    ,Mo. Enterprise.  
