 The sable gentry of our city, 'horse, foot anddragooned, 'were out on Staten Island and LongIsland—near Jamaica—yesterday, rolling up thewhites of their eyes, and showing their ivory, incelebration of the 21st Anniversary of NegroEmancipation in the West Indies. Lode Massy,how they yah, yah'd at their own display, MissPhilly's proudly binating at sight of the tallplumes of M Pompey, while the latter, properlyconscious of his dignity as one' of the marshalsob de 'casion,' reined in the 'old hose' andbowed to the surrounding odorous ebony femininity,as much as to say, 'Look at head—yah, yah!'White bands discoursed the music, though one ofthem backed out on reaching Brooklyn, whereupon,after grave consultation, harmonic exercises wereperformed by all bands singing, at intervals, thefollowing hymn:    'The Lord he lube good nigga well,He know the nigga by the smell;And while de pitch holds out to burn,The blackest nigga may return.    He knows their wants and all ob dat,He feeds their souls on 'possum fat;And when the nigga babies cry,De Lord he gives 'em' p pie.     De Lord's determined not to keepIn different pens the called sheep;But stir 'om round, and mix 'om up;Like rum and 'lasses in a cup.'    'We take the colored folk as we find them, andpaint them as we see them. As to assailing or'squibbing boot-blacks and waiters, who can'teither make speeches or write leading articles,' wedon't' do such things. The only partite we wouldtalk severely to are the white demagogues whoget up, direct, and altogether control those grotesquenegro gatherings. As to Garrison, it is,perhaps, his legitimate business, but it is hardlya proper pastime for our City Judges. 'In his place not as a revolutionist, colonist, reformer,progressive or civilizer—for he is none ofthese—but as to the oyster knife, the shoe-brush,the chimney-broom, and the napkin in hand, werespect the negro. Lift him above the level, inany respect, and he plays such "fantastic tricks"as might tickle the ribs of death.'—Hid. Hid. PASSMORE WILLIAMSON, THE NIGGER-STRALER.—It has been said, by way of hyperbole, that themeanest of all possible thefts is the stealing ofpe from a dead mother's eyes. But we regardthe king Abolitionist, who reduces niggersfrom their masters, as a more contemptiblethief, both in the eyes of God and man, than therubber of corpses from churches. Such is theoutrageous conduct of Williamson, who, insteadof minding his own business, goes nosing aboutthe  of Philadelphia to smell out some contented,well-conditioned slaves, and induces them,by fictions of freedom, to alone from their masters.Failing in that, he employs a p of his burly'colored brethren' to seize and drag them off.And what is this paradise of free niggerdom intowhich these lying Abolitionists delude the poorslave? Look at the Five Points in New York.That tells the story. In nine cases out of ten, the'free negro' sinks into the meet object poverty,vice and crime. He is incapable of taking careof himself; and when sick, needy and deserted byhis Abolition betrayers, he can only sigh for the'old plantation,' 'still longing for the old fellows athome.' ASSMORE ILLIAMSON, THE IGGER TRALER.     Slavery is only a curse to those who are capableof appreciating and using, without abusing,the blessings of liberty. It is no curse to thechild to be subjected to parental restraint; it is noevil to the ignorant African to be objected to ahum master's care. If those Abolitionists werehonest in their effects to relieve colored humanmisery, they might turn their philanthropies handsand  as towards the Five Points, instead of robbinggentlemen of their servants, and, what is stillworse, robbing servants of their masters.—.   .  
