 1. The character of the war: It is a desperate rebellion. 2.Rebellion forfeits all constitutional obligationson the part of the Government. 3. Necessity hath no law—or, rather, is the supremelaw; and none but weak consciences andcraw—sick politicians will now think otherwise. 4. The rebellion must be dealt with at States aswell as individuals. 5. The most beneficial results possible should followour immense sacrifices. To have, after all, theold chimes about free-soil and rendition questionswould make the very heavens sick, and cover thecountry with worse than mourning, because deprivingreason of self-esteem and the sustaining dignityof a becoming pride. 6.DECLARE THAT SLAVERY IS FOREVER AT ANAND IN THE UNITED STATES. ECLARE THAT SLAVERY IS FOREVER AT ANAND IN THE UNITED STATES. 7. Compensation, moderate, for slaves belongingto undoubted Union men when the war is over, tobe settled by a stern commission. And the borderStates are here invoked to draw still further upontheir patriotism and true self-interest. As to offendingthem, for which we should be exceedingly sorry,for their sakes as well as our own, I have to say, letit come if it must; we are equal to our whole work,if we work on a right principle and right system. 8. The slaves to be fully cared for, and employedin labor—men, women and children—all of the mostappropriate kinds: one hundred thousand of themen, in the battle-field, commanded by volunteercitizens, under the most rigid military subordination:such command to be considered wholly respectable,and specially patriotic. 9. This abolishing of slavery forever in this countrywould straighten out and simplify the state ofthings among us; cut off rebellion from all futureeffort; give us an immense moral position, influenceand support throughout the whole civilized world;advance the cause of universal liberty by a leap ofa dozen centuries; and create forus an epoch of renownin history, without a parallel. 10. Immediately on the close of the war, pourinto Eastern Virginia, South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama,Florida, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas,three millions of Northern and Western men—particularlylaboring men—agriculturists, (a greatchance for a new foreign emigration,) to be protectedby an ample military force; in order that thisnew clement of population may keep down and neutralizeindividual Southern hostility, and to bringforward the immense agricultural resources of everykind of those regions, particularly cotton, sugar, rice,that can, at any moment, in countless quantities, beconverted into gold—making a very hey-dey oftrade and comfort for all Europe. Such a course would prove that all labor at theSouth, by white men, is practicable and honorable,as well as profitable; and it would be a wealthto the country, in commerce, covering, a hundredfold, all the cost of the war. As to whitemen, Northern men, not being able to stand sunshine, and a black, teeming soil and miasma, it is anold bugbear, and as baseless as witchcraft. Whitemen can stand all these things, if they will crowd offtheir stagnant blood by labor, live carefully, keepby them a little blue mass and quinine, lay by alittle in the very heat of the day, avoid the nightdews, and generally take care of themselves—especiallyto fear nothing, except what is dishonest anddishonorable, and unkind towards others. The foregoing ideas are presented, not, by anymeans, in what has been called an abolition sense, orin a sense in any way radical, having nothing of thekind about me; but as a NECESSITY, and a clearutility—even rescuing the whole South itself fromruin, and giving to them security and unthought-ofprosperity. These ideas, too, are due also to ourglorious UNION, which must be PERPETUAL. Itis also a NECESSARY course as it regards the Statesmentioned; for no man can believe that any lessthorough track will ever put an entire end to the rebellion,and render those regions safe for anythingin the shape of honest and harmless life. We owe the grand result I have suggested to thegigantic efforts of our country and Government,and to the sufferings and griefs of our friends, andto the GRAVES of our dear and lamented soldiery: "Oh! this is venerable earth,Valor's consecrated bed;Hail! the memory of the brave!Hail! the spirits of the dead!    Time their triumphs shall proclaim,And their rich reward be this;Immortality of fame—Immortality of blise!"   Immortality  BELARIUS. Washington City, July 15, 1862. 
