 Nothing has taken place, during the past week, tomend the sad condition or affairs in the Peninsula.Nay, matters are fast getting worse, and the proudarmy which was to abate too pride of Richmond, isin imminent danger of being intercepted of supplies,and its power of retreat cut off. The young Napoleon, who, with a quarter of amillion of men, permitted the National Capital to bemenaced and the Potomac to be blockaded formonths by an insurgent force of sixty thousand, isnow burrowing on the banks of the James river, aftera most disastrous retreat, and engaged in his,usual occupation of throwing up obstacles betweenhis forces and the enemy. He has been outrageouslyinterfered with by the Confederates while endeavoringto develop his favorite theory of avoiding battle,and he may safely charge against them (the rascals)the present dangers of his situation. For a while,however, it is not likely he will be interfered within the narrow lines of his new camp; the enemy.has retired from the open burning glebe and deadlymarshes, to a more convenient neighborhood withhis own base of operations, and our Young Napoleonwill, therefore, be left to the undisturbed enjoymentof the spade, while they adapt their effective Potomaccannon practice to the lower bank of the Jamesriver. By-and-bye be will discover that the smooth:six-pounders, which are now spoken of rather contemptuouslyin the despatches, will be replaced byheavy Parrot guns, and all of our transports will besubjected to a tremendous cannonade. It is true,the gunboats can shell these fellows out, when theycan find them, and can give partial safety by theirconvoy to our supplies; but the batteries thus drivenoff in the daytime may be run back at night, andthere cannot be much security or steady dependenceon a means of communication which is thus constantlyperplexed. when theycan find them Nevertheless, we are told that "the army is safe!"—humiliating term!—and McClellan, who is certainlythe most extraordinary general ever known tohistory in the way of dispatches, humors and petsour desire for good news by calling the enemy's lastmovement a retreat. We ought to be thankful forthe high military dictum which mercifully directsour unpractised judgments to view it in that light;and for ourselves, we should obtain much consolationfrom it, were it not for the other facts which protrudefrom all other portions of the record. Likeall hopeful men, we have endeavored to derivewhat relief we can from the declaration that thearmy is safe, and also to believe that McClellanachieved a great operation by planting his forces inthe swamp, and then running them out at the cost ofonly twenty thousand men! The loss of twentythousand men is a mere bagatelle to this great country,in fact really a bargain.—though rather a bloodyone,—in exchange for such a fine position as ourYoung Napoleon has found amid the flies and mudof Turkey Bend! But we reflect, unhappily, thatthe movement sets us back about six months, andthat, though we burned our tents and stores, andwith masterly decision did not even burthen our retreatingcolumns with the useless dead and sick, thischeck and its consequences may be counted at acost of at least four or five hundred millions of dollarsto the treasury. safe safe Even this vast sum, however, is not too much, if,as McClellan's friends assure us, it has served to demonstratea military genius which will make Europehenceforth awfully respectful to our country. Butwe fear this may be questioned, while the fact thatwith 230,000 men he refused for eight months togive battle to sixty thousand, within five miles ofhim, in order to postpone, till his enemy was strong,and he could seek him in his lair with the odds allthe other way, will be very apt to impair his chanceswith foreign observers for such transcendant reputation.Moreover, if it shall prove, that pending hisrecent intention to retreat, he neglected to instructthe War Department to occupy the attention ofStonewall Jackson, while he executed an importantmovement, he is chargeable with as serious an oversightas Patterson, who gave Johnson a vacation tounite with Beauregard, for our confusion at BullRun. The Government, though it has drainedWashington to give McClellan every soldier it couldspare (the clamors of secessionists and men of doubtfulloyalty to the contrary, notwithstanding), stillhad enough of men upon its northern line to effectthat object, if duly notified, and thus spare us fromone-half of our disasters. Nothing, however, could have entirely saved usfrom misfortune the moment McClellan decided togo out to sea after Richmond, to attack it by theround-about road of the Peninsula. And it is as absurdto suppose he did not choose and approve thismovement, as it is to charge the government, whichwas entrusting its safety to his hands, with a dispositionto defeat itself, by reducing his chances of success.Such a supposition is not even a good pieceof nonsense, and it could only spring in minds hopelesslyperverted from all powers of reasoning, or devoidof intelligent and honest purpose. No Government,in time of war, would dare take the responsibilityof thwarting the operations of the Commanderof its armies. The world has never yet seen a specimenof such bold insanity: though it has seen instanceswhere Governments, which have been deludedby the incapacity of military leaders, showedthe courage to depose them. Whether oar Governmentwill again be called upon to perform this unpleasantduty for the people we do not know, butthough we are opposed to it in politics, and areproud to be associated with the Democratic party,we do not hesitate to believe it has the courage todo its duty, and will perform it at the first due pressureof conviction. Were Mr. Lincoln of our mind at present, hewould order the ill-fated expedition of McClellanout of the Peninsula at once; and if it cannot be extricatedin that way, and we now fear, indeed, itcannot, then let it go on throwing up mud for itsprotection, while Pope is hurried down along thetrue road to Richmond, via Fredericksburg, withtwo or three hundred thousand men, to perform theservice that may save Napoleon from a siege, andperhaps from a capitulation. We have no doubt that thousands of well-meaningmen, who, like ourselves, have been persistent believersin McClellan, will wonder at these views,and ask, with bewildered minds, How could everybodybe so much mistaken in him? Ah! goodfriends, there is nothing about which there is so muchhumbug as about human greatness; and errors ofthis sort take the deeper root, because the very bestqualities of our natures combine to assist us in deludingourselves. McClellan burst upon us in a periodof great disaster. The heart of tan nation,disgusted at the blunders of Bull Run, was yearningfor a hero, and the Napoleonic style of the bulletinfrom Rich Mountain hit the imagination favorably.It is true, that the concluding line, after its showyrecital of exploits, to the effect, to the effect that he hoped this wouldprove satisfactory "to the Commendation Chief"seemed hardly consistent with high qualities; but noone felt disposed to criticise him closely, and be was acceptedwith a sort of superstitious hope. Scott wassuperannuated, McDowell had been beaten, Pattersonwas disgraced, and our other rising military men,having no prejudices against the coming chieftain,could afford to allude to him as the best militaryscholar of the Academy. With an enthusiastic people progress of all sorts israpid, and our young Commander-in-chief soon tookthe dimensions of a Caesar and a Napoleon rolledinto one. Among the rust, honestly actuated by adesire to add to a reputation on which the countrywould be required to lean, we yielded to the fashion,and wrote such prognostications in his favor, thatwe are almost ashamed to turn back and think themover. At length, the Young Napoleon began toshow himself. We heard him accept his station byreflecting upon the misfortune of a brother officer—ostentatiously declaring "we had met with our lastdefeat," and would have no "more Bull Run affairs."Then came the blunder of Ball's Bluff, resultinglargely from the deficient information sent to Stone.Then came the "short, sharp and bitter" prophecy—the "stick by me and I'll stick by you" orations,the acceptance of swords, and the sensation orders,calling in all furloughs, and perturbing the country byconstant expectations of "movements of importance." But there were no movements of importance, andno battles, and the Fall and Winter wore away, withgood roads from September until February, withoutany sign of action. Finally, the enemy, of his ownaccord, and out of very weakness, yielded first Munson'sHill, and then Manassas, leaving disdainfullybehind him his "Quaker guns," to provoke againstus the laughter of the world. Still, our mysteriousyoung chieftain appeared not in the least affected,but kept on with his reviews, leading our great docilecountry up and down by the bridle, as if heowned it, and was offering it for sale. Mean while,all the other generals of the republic prospered, and,except in the spell-bound Department of the Potomac,the whole country was enveloped in a blaze ofvictory. At length it became absolutely necessary forYoung Napoleon to move; so he turned his head tothe Peninsula, where we soon find him before Yorktownmanipulating mud, and sticking to it for severalweeks with the greatest devotion. Presently therebels walked away, taking plenty of time to do so,and losing not even a wagon in the operation; whereuponour Young Napoleon, finding them gone, whipsoff his hat, gives three cheers for himself, and actuallycalls his entrance into the worthless place abrilliant victory (?) Nay, he was than going to "drivethe enemy to the wall;" but instead of that, wefind him, after suffering heavily at Williamsburg andFair Oaks, flying from the swamps of the Chick-hominy,shattered and humiliated, to coop himself,up behind earthworks, in narrow stifling lines, onthe blistering banks of the James river. Thosewhose interest it is still to exalt him, demand hosannasin his praise for his "masterly retreat;" but willthey please to tell us why, without any pressureupon his rear or either wing, or hurry of any sortto disturb his choice of ground, he deliberatelyplaced himself in a position from which, the rebeljournals say, he could not have escaped with a man,had their generals been fully equal to their duty. victory (?) their With all these signs and results before us, we areof the opinion that our Young Napoleon is a failure,and that, if he be not extricated by Pope, in a directmarch on Richmond, the whole of his present force,which, instead of "pinning the enemy to the wall,"cannot get even so much as a loaf of bread withoutrunning the Confederate batteries, will be in imminentdanger of capitulation No sophistry nor blind,unreasoning applause can defend the incapacitywhich betrays itself in this; and we think that mindis to be pitied, which has not the courage to reasonupon and to condemn it. Every patriot has anequal interest in the welfare of the country, andwhile each day explodes its share of error, no manshould hesitate to exercise his rights of thought,Generals are not infallible. There is no witchcraftin the art of war, and the humblest observer candecide, that the general who promised us "no moreretreats, no more defeats," and that be would drivehis opponents "to the wall," cuts a poor figureprone upon his back in the mud of the James river,and poorer figure still in the fact that the people ofevery Northern State are forced, by the result ofhis first campaign, to hang their heads with shame.Down to the date of his expedition to toe Peninsula,the national arms were triumphant in every quarter,and fainting rebellion seemed to be giving upthe ghost; but the result of his generalship is, thatthe grand army of the Potomac is paralyzed anduseless, gold stands at seventeen per cent., a scrofulaof shinplasters has broken out upon the previouslyhealthy surface of the currency, and pale-faced traitorsare mocking us with bets that the Confederateswill capture Washington, before McClellan reachesRichmond. The rebels have thus won, by their successes overhim in the battles of the Chickahominy, that co-operationin the North, which was the first hope of therebellion, and postponed the conclusion of the war,even in the predictions of the most sanguine, for atleast six months. Are these things not so? And doour present misfortunes, dangers and humiliations notspring from our Young Napoleon's blundering effortto drive the enemy to the wall? Do we not alsoowe to these blunders the new raid of Morgan,which, at this moment, threatens Frankfort, and thecombinations against Nashville and Corinth, whichhave been suddenly started up to prevent our beingspared any reinforcements from the West? It is not pleasant for us to be the pioneer in thisreview, but individual reputations are of small importancewhen weighed against the interests of thecountry; and we see no reason why there should beany more sanctity in McClellan's blunders, than inthe mistakes of McDowell, Halleck or Fremont.The Republic must be saved, but the worst way tohelp toward it is by closing the eyes, and blindlyhurrahing for the errors of a popular leader. There are but two theories we can conceive offor McClellan's surprising coarse, since the hour ofhis chief command. One is, that while in the Crimea,his mind became so thoroughly saturated andimbued with earth by a daily study of the operationsof Sebastopol, that his academic brilliancywas smothered, and be came back to us with mudupon the brain; or that, unbalanced by Southerncompliments and Northern flatteries, he conceivedthe weak idea of performing the part of a diplomatistrather than a warrior, and ending the rebellion, onhis part, by bloodless strategy instead of battle. Beingof the Breckinridge democracy, he might hersfancied be would be listened to with favor, at a properopportunity, when he had outmanaged Davis inthe field, and that by thus manoeuvering Confederatesinto a bloodless Laying down of arms, bewould be bailed M the Great Pacificator, the modernWashington, and descend through the distantvista of posterity, profusely wreathed with laurel bythe craters, and labeled by patriotic painters, as"PATER PATRLE". ATER ATRLE The error of this plan was that the rebels took nostock in it, and perceiving his aversion to battle,without understanding its cause, they pressed uponhim a whole week of carnage in the marshes of theChickahominy, and laid out much more such redwork for him and other Federal generals in the sameunrespecting neighborhood. Here let us leave the mournful subject. Whatwe have written has been wrung from us by an urgentsense of duty, and if it prove we have unwiselyquestioned McClellan's mode of driving the defendersof Richmond "to the wall," we will seeksolace in the hope, that his late lessons mar changehis tactics, and make fighting general of him hereafter. fighting It is certain that Napoleons do not depend muchon mud.—Wilkes's Spirit of the Times. Wilkes's Spirit of the Times. 
