 We make the following extract from Judge HORTON'Sspeech at Troy, on the Fourth. He portrays,in vivid colors, the evils of slavery, and his viewsmust meet with the entire approbation of all loyalcitizens:— ORTON'S "It was slavery that placed James Buchanan inthe Presidential Chair. It was to the influence ofslavery that the traitors Floyd, Cobb and Thompsonheld seats in the Cabinet of the nation. It isslavery that marshals the rebel hosts, and breathesinto their embattled ranks its own barbarous fire.It is slavery that stamps its character alike upon officersand men. It is slavery that inspires all, fromthe General to the teamster. It is slavery whichgives the word of command, and which sounds inthe morning drum-beat. It is slavery which digsand builds hostile forts. It is slavery which pitchesits white tents and stations its sentinels against thenational capital. It is slavery which sharpens thebayonet and casts the bullet, which points the cannonand scatters the shell, blazing and burstingwith death. It is slavery which raises the pirate'sflag upon the ocean, and murders our prisonersof war. It is slavery which wantonly burns thecotton, destroys the sugar, and violates all the ordinaryusages of war. It is slavery which desolatedand devastated Missouri and other SouthernStates of this Union. It is slavery that has hungUnion men in East Tennessee, and assassinatedthem in New Orleans, and offered rewards forthe heads of Butler and Johnson. Wherever thisrebellion shows itself, whatever form it takes, whateverever thing it does, whatever it meditates, it ismoved by slavery; nay, it is slavery itself, incarnate,living, acting, raging, robbing, murdering, accordingto the essential law of its being. More:—as slavery is the cause, the origin of this war, withoutslavery it would have ceased long ago, withoutslavery it would cease to-day. The slaves toil athome while the masters work at the rebellion. Theenslaved race is actually engaged in feeding, supporting,succoring and assisting those who are fightingfor their enslavement and the perpetuation ofslavery. "Slavery has been our curse in the past. Slaveryis our curse to-day, and will be our curse inthe future, unless a patriotic President shall, withthe mark of his pen, sweep it from the continent. Ifslavery is the cause, why not extinguish it? WhileI believe this war may be and perhaps will be closedwithout the abolishment of the "sum of all villanies,"still I believe sure, certain and lasting peace canonly be had, when throughout our Republic not achain shall clank upon or bind the limbs of man.As the distinguished Senator of Kansas, Gen. James H. Lane,said in my bearing in New York lastmouth, so I say now, where our army marches,there freedom should abide; where our flag wavesin victory, there should the fetter fall from the slave;and where the Union is restored, consecrated by thevows of undaunted freemen, sacred with the gravesof immortal spirits, let it be re-united in the faiththat all men are created equal, and then, indeed,will our land appear to humanity bright, beautifuland effulgent, as was our planet when, in the morningof creation, it was swung by the hand of Omnipotenceinto ethereal space." 
