 In the Liberator of last week, we published a synopsisof the startling and most timely speech of SenatorChandler, of Michigan, delivered in the U.S. Senate,July 16, on the management of the army on the Potomacunder the command of Gen. McClellan—a speechwhich should have the widest circulation, and be readby THE PEOPLE on whom devolve the sufferings andburdens of this terrible slaveholding rebellion. Hereis the closing part of it:— Liberator On the 1st day of January, 1862, and for monthsprevious to that date, the armies of the Republicwere occupying a purely defensive position upon thewhole line tram Missouri to the Atlantic, until on orabout the 27th of January the President and Secretaryof War issued the order forward. Then thebrave Foote took the initiative, soliciting 2,000 menfrom Halleck to hold Fort Henry after he had capturedit with his gunboats. They were promptlyfurnished, and Henry fell; then Donelson, with its15,000 prisoners; then Newbern, and the countrywas electrified. Credit was given where credit wasdue. Do-nothing strategy gave way to an "immediateadvance upon the enemy's works," and thedays of spades and pickaxes seemed to be ended.On the 22d of February a forward movement uponour whole line was ordered, but did not take place.The army of the Potomac was not ready; but onthe 10th of March it moved, against the protest ofthe Commanding-General and eight out of twelve ofthe commanders of divisions, but the President wasinexorable, and the movement must be made. Itproceeded to Centreville, and there found desertedbuts, wooden artillery, and intrenchments whichcould and can be successfully charged 'by cavalry.It proceeded to Manassas, and found no fortificationsworthy of the name, a deserted, abandoned camp,and dead horses for trophies. The enemy, less than40,000 men, had leisurely escaped, carrying away allhis artillery, baggage, arms, and stores. Our armyof the Potomac, on that 10th of March, showed byits muster-roll a force of 230,000 men. Comment isneedless. The grand army of the Potomac proceededtoward Gordonsville, found no enemy, repairedthe railroad, and then marched back again. forward. Why this grand army of the Potomac did notmarch upon Richmond has never been satisfactorilyexplained, and probably never will be. One reasonassigned was lack of transportation; but there weretwo railroads, one by way of Acquia Creek andFredericksburg, the other via Manassas and Gordonsville,which could have been repaired at the rateof ten miles per day, and our army was ample toguard it. Had this overwhelming force proceededdirectly to Richmond by these lines, it would havespent the 1st of May in Richmond, and era this therebellion would have been ended. This grand army,ably commanded, was superior to any army the worldhas seen for five hundred rears. Napoleon I. neverfought one hundred and thirty thousand men uponone battle-field. Yet this noble army was dividedand virtually sacrificed by some one. Who is theculprit? ably Before the advance upon Manassas, Gen. McClellanchanged his plans, and demanded to be permittedto leave the enemy intrenched at Centrevilleand Manassas, to leave the Potomac blockaded, andto take his army to Annapolis by land, and thereembark them for the rear of the enemy to surprisehim. In the council of war called upon this proposition,the Commanding-General and eight out oftwelve of the commanders of divisions (and herepermit me to say that I am informed that seven ofthe eight Generals were appointed upon the recommendationof Gen. McClellan) voted that it was notsafe to advance upon the wooden guns of Centreville,and to adopt the new plan of campaign. ThePresident and the Secretary of War overruled thispusillanimous decision, and compelled McClellan to"move immediately upon the enemy's works." Hemarched, and the trophies of that memorable campaignare known to the Senate and the country. At Fairfax, Gen. McClellan changed his plan, anddecided not to advance upon the Rebels with hiswhole force, but to return to Alexandria, divide hisarmy, and embark for Fortress Monroe and Yorktown.It was decided that 45,000 men should beleft for the defence of the Capital, and he was permittedto embark. After much delay (unavoidablein the movement of so vast a force, with its enormousmaterial) the General-in-Chief himself embarked.Soon after he sailed, it came to the knowledge of theCommittee on the Conduct of the War that theCapital, with its vast accumulation of material ofwar, had been left by Gen. McClellan virtually withoutdefence, and the enemy's whole force, large orsmall, was untouched in front. The country has been deceived. It has been ledto believe that the Secretary of War or somebodyelse has interfered with Gen. McClellan's plans,when he had an army that could have crushed anyother army on the face of the earth. One hundredand fifty-eight thousand of the best troops that everstood on God's footstool were sent down to the peninsula,and placed wider command of Gen. McClellan;and yet the whom treasonable press of thecountry has been howling after the Secretary ofWar, because of his alleged refusal to send reënforcementsto Gen. McClellan. As I said the other day,he has sent every man, every sabre, every bayonet,every horse, chat could be spared from any sourcewhatever to increase that grand army under Gen.McClellan in front of Richmond. Why did he notenter Richmond? We shall see. Gen. McDowell'sforce was not sent down, because it was deemednecessary to protect the Capital and the vast accumulationof military stores. Although the Presidentand Secretary of War would have been justified inholding the whole of that farce. Gen. Franklin's divisionwas taken from it and shipped to the peninsula,at Gen. McClellan's most urgent solicitation,and it was his urgent cry for reënforcements thatbrought Shields down to unite with McDowell, andthus united, these two columns were to march uponRichmond, and still further reenforce and aid Gen.McClellan. It is not for me, sir, to state the strength of McClellan'sarmy at this time; but I know it is 158,000men, less the number lest by sickness and casualties. Does any man doubt that this army, ably handled,was sufficiently strong to have captured Richmondand crushed the Rebel army? I think not, ifpromptly led against the enemy; but instead of that,it sat down in malarious swamps, and awaited thedrafting, arming, drilling, and making soldiers of anarmy to fight it, and in the mean time our own armywas rapidly wasting away. Unwholesome water, inadequatefood, over-work, and sleeping in marshes,were rapidly filling the hospitals, and overloadingthe return boats with the sick. Sir, we have lostmore men by the spade than by the bullet—five toone since the army started from Yorktown underMcClellan. Had the soldiers been relieved from diggingand menial labor by the substitution of negrolaborers, the army of the Potomac would to-day, inmy estimation, contain 30,000 more brave and efficientsoldiers than it does. Had it been relievedfrom guarding the property of Rebels in arms, manyvaluable lives would have been saved. Yorktownwas evacuated after a sacrifice of more men by sicknessthan the enemy had in their works when ourarmy landed at Fortress Monroe. The battle ofWilliamsburg was fought by a small fraction of ourarmy, and the enemy routed. During the battle,(Gen. McClellan wrote the following dispatch, milesfrom the field of battle:— think [Received at War Department, at 12-22 P.M., May 6th.] Received at War Department BIVOUAC IN FRONT OF WILLIAMSBURG,May 5, 10 P.M.} IVOUAC IN RONT OF ILLIAMSBURG Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War: Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War: After arranging for the movements up the Yorkriver, I was urgently sent for here. I find Joe Johnsonin front of me in strong force, probably greater agood deal than my own. Hancock has taken two redoubtsand repulsed Early's Brigade by a real chargewith the bayonet, taking one Colonel and a hundredand fifty prisoners, killing at least two Colonels andmany privates. His conduct was brilliant in the extreme.I do not know our exact loss, but fear Hookerhas lost considerably on our left. I learn from prisonersthat they intend disputing every step to Richmond.I shall run the risk of at least holding them in checkhere, while I resume the original plan. My entire force is undoubtedly considerably inferiorto that of the Rebels, who will fight well; but I willdo all I can with the force at my disposal. G.B. MC CLELLAN, Major General Commanding. C LELLAN Major General Commanding. He would try to "hold them in check"! Hecould not bold them. He could not stop his eagertroops from chasing them. After a small fraction ofhis array had whipped their entire force, and hadbeen chasing them for hours, he penned that dispatchand sent it to the Secretary of War, and, if I rememberaright, it was read in one of the two Housesof Congress. As you may suppose from that dispatch,there was no great eagerness in following upthat victory. Three Michigan regiments were notonly decimated, they were divided in twain in thatbloody battle at Williamsburg. They fought thereall day without reenforcements. One Michiganregiment went into the trenches, and left 63 deadRebels, killed by the bayonet, weltering in theirblood. But who has ever heard, by any official communicationfrom the head of the army, that a Michiganregiment was in the fight at Williamsbug? Ido not blame him for not giving credit where creditis due, for I do not believe he know anything moreof that fight than you or I. When that battle was fought and won, all theenemy's works were cleared away, and we had anopen road to Richmond. There was not a singlefortification between Richmond and Williamsburg.All we had to do was to get through those infernalswamps, march up, and take possession of Richmond.What did we do? We found the worstswamp there was between Richmond and Williamsburg,and sat right down in the center of it, andwent to digging. We sacrificed thousands and tansof thousands of the bravest troops that ever stoodon the face of God's earth, digging in front of no intrenchments,and before a whipped army of theenemy. We waited for them to recruit; we waitedfor them to get another army. They had a levy enmasse. They were taking all the men and boys betweenthe ages of fifteen and fifty-five, and magnanimouslywe waited weeks and weeks for them tobring these forced levies into some sort of consistencyas an army. The battle of Fair Oaks was foughtThere the enemy found again a little fraction of ourarmy—very much less than half—and they broughtout their entire force. I have it from the best authoritythat they had not a solitary regiment in orabout Richmond that was fit to put in front of anenemy, that they did not bring to Fair Oaks and hurlupon our decimated army. Again the indomitablebravery of our troops (of the men, of the privatesoldiers, the indomitable energy of Michigan menand New Jersey men—but I will not particularize,for all the troops fought like lions), and the fightingcapacity of our army, not only saved it from beingutterly destroyed by an overwhelming force, butgave us a triumphant victory. The enemy wentback to Richmond pell-mell. I have been informedby a man who was there at the time, that two brigadesof fresh troops could hare chased the wholeConfederate army through the City of Richmondand into the James River, so utter was their routand confusion. enmasse. And what did we do then? We found anotherbig swamp, and we sat down in the centre of it, andwent to digging. We began to throw op intrenchmentsin our front, no enemy that was not utterlybroken. We never took advantage of the battle ofFair Oaks. Again Michigan soldiers were cut topieces by hundreds, Go into the Judiciary SquareHospital in this city, and you will find more thanhalf the occupants are Michigan men who were shotat Fair Oaks and Williamsburg, men who stood untila regiment of a thousand men were reduced toone hundred and five, and even then did not run.Sir, these men have been sacrificed, uselessly sacrificed.They have been pot to hard digging, andhard fare, and hard sleeping, and if there was anyhard fighting to do, they have been put to that; andbesides all this, at night they have had to guard theproperty of Rebels in arms. They have been sosacrificed that two or three of the Michigan regimentsto-day cannot bring into the field two hundredand fifty men each, out of a thousand with whichthey started. Fair Oaks was lost; that is to say, we won a brilliantvictory, but it did us no good; we did not takeadvantage of it. Of course, it would have beenvery unfair to take advantages of a routed army(laughter); it would but have been according to our"strategy." We magnanimously stopped, and commenceddigging. There was no army in our front;there were no intrenchments in our front; but wedid not know what else to do, and so we began todig and ditch, and we kept digging and dittoing untilthe Rebels had impressed and drilled and armedand made soldiers of their entire population. Butthat was not enough; they sent Jackson up on hisraid to Winchester, and we waited for him to comeback with his 20,000 or 30,000 man. We heard thatCorinth was being evacuated, and of course it wouldhave been very unfair to commence an attack untilthey brought their troops from Corinth, to and so wewaited for the army at Corinth to get to Richmond. After the Rebels had get all the troops they everhoped to raise from any source, we did not attackthem, but they attacked us, as we had reason to supposethey would. They attacked our right wing,and as I am informed upon what I must deem reliableauthority, they hurled the majority of their entireforce upon our right wing of 30,000 men, andduring the whole of that Thursday, our right wingof 30,000 men held their ground, and repulsed thatvast horde of the enemy over and over again, andheld their ground at night Of course, you say areënforcement of 20.000 or 30,000 men was sent tothese brave troops that they might not only holdtheir ground the next day, but send this dastardlyarmy into Richmond a second time, as at Fair Oaks.No, sir, nothing of the sort was done. At night, instead of sending them reënforcements,they were ordered to retreat That was "strategy."The moment they commenced their retreat, at is saidin the dispatches, the enemy fought like demons.Of course they would. Who ever heard of a retreatingarmy that was not pursued by the victorslike demons, except in the case of Rebel retreats?No other nation but ours was every guilty of stoppingimmediately after a victory. Other armiesfight like demons after a victory, and annihilate theenemy, but we do not. Our left wing and centerremained intact A feint was made upon the leftand center, and I have here, not the sworn testimony,but the statement of one of the bravest menin the whole army of the Potomac—I will not givehis name—but a more highly honorable man livesnot—that when his regiment was ordered underarms, he had no doubt that he was going to marchinto Richmond. He believed the whole force of theenemy had attacked our right wing; he believedthere was nothing but a screen of pickets in front;and he thought that now our great triumph was tocome off. His men sprang into line with avidity,prepared to rush into Richmond, and take it at thepoint of the bayonet He never discovered his erroruntil he saw a million and a half dollars' worth ofproperty burned in front of his regiment, and thenhe began to think that an advance upon Richmondwas not intended. And it was not. We had beenat work there, and had lost ten thousand men in diggingintrenchments; we had spent months in bringingup siege guns, and we abandoned those intrenchmentswithout firing one gun. Our army was orderedto advance on the gunboats instead of on Richmond.This colonel told me that his regiment foughtthree days, and whipped the enemy each day, andretreated each night The left wing and centerwere untouched until they were ordered to retreat.No portion of our vast force had been fought exceptthe right wing under Porter, and they whipped theenemy the first day. This is called strategy! Again, sir, I ask whywas this great army of the Potomac of two hundredand thirty thousand men divided? Human ingenuitycould not have devised any other way to defeat thatarmy; divine wisdom could scarcely have devisedany other way to defeat it than that which wasadopted. There is no army in Europe to-day thatcould meet the army of the Potomac when it wastwo hundred and thirty thousand strong, the bestfighting material ever put into an army on the faceof the earth. Why was that grand army divided?I simply charge that grave and serious errors havebeen committed, and, as I have said, no other waycould have been devised to defeat that army. If theone hundred and fifty-eight thousand men that weresent to Gen. McClellan had been marched upon theenemy, they could have whipped all the armies theConfederates have, and all they are likely to havefor six months. One hundred and fifty-eight thousandare about as many as can be fought on anyone battle-field. One hundred and fifty-eight thousandmen are a vast army, a great deal larger armythan that with which Napoleon destroyed six hundredthousand of the Austrians in a single year.One hundred and fifty-eight thousand men ablyhandled can defeat any force the Confederates canraise; and that is the force that went down to thePeninsula. But, sir, it lay in ditches, digging, drinkingrotten water, and eating bad food, and sleepingin the mud, until it became greatly reduced in numbers,and of those that were left, very many were"injured in health. Still they fought; still they conqueredin every fight; and still they retreated, becausethey were ordered to retreat. Sir, I have deemed it my duty to present thisStatement of facts to the Senate and the country. Iknow that I am to be denounced for so doing, andI tell you who will denounce me. There are twoclasses of men who are sure to denounce me, and noone else, and they are traitors and fools. The traitorshave been denouncing every man who did notsing paeans to "strategy, when it led to defeatevery time. The traitors North are worse than thetraitors South, and sometimes I think we have asmany of them in the aggregate. They are meanermen; they are men who will come behind you, andcut your throat in the dark. I have great respect.for Southern traitors who shoulder their muskets,and come out and take the chances of the bullet andthe halter; but I have the most superlative contemptfor the Northern traitors, who, under the pretendedguise of patriotism, are stabbing their countryin the dark. This instructive extract should find a place in everyloyal journal at the North. 
