 We are told by a gentleman who heard him, thatParker Pillsbury the embittered Abolitionist, deliversSunday harangue to a crowded audience inMilford, Worcester, Co. Mass, last Sunday. Hepainted in vivid colors the horrors of the war, andtold them not to enlist urged them to discourage recruiting—until such time as the Administration declaredfor an abolition war This is the ground takenby Gov. Andrew, in his letter to the Secretary ofWar, in which he stated the terms on which Massachusettswould consent to furnish volunteers. Pillsburyabused the President and ridiculed the policy of thewar; depicted the agonies endured by the woundedsoldiers— the shrieking shot and shell, the mangledbodies, the returning soldier with stooping from sallowcheek, and bending crutch. He said it would befolly for our young men to go down there and be madetargets for the rules of Jefferson Davis, until there wasa proclamation of abolition and then he recommendedfight.—Hartford Times. until the terms Hartford Times. We have recently had occasion to lay before ourreaders the proceedings of the Essex Country AbolitionSociety, the resolutions of which were sothoroughly disloyal that they shocked all who readthem. They were offered by the same personnamed in the above paragraph. We recall, in thisconnection, the recent letter of Senator Summer inreply to an invitation which was sent to him to attend theNew York Union meeting. We extract asentence, which demands Mr. Pillsbury's profoundattention— "To this end the cries of faction must be silenced,and the wickedness of sedation, whether in print or publicspeech must be suppressed. These are the Northern alliesof the rebellion. An aroused and indignant people,with iron heel, ought to tread them out forever, asmen tread out the serpent so that it can neither hissnor sting. wickedness of sedation, whether in print or publicspeech must be suppressed. These are the Northern allies Does Mr. Sumner wish it to be behaved that heis really in favor of suppressing those seditionsmen, his friends and admirers, who are to-day preventingthe enlistment of the young men, sons ofAbolitionists, who make up Essex Country societies,and attend of a Sunday on the preaching of Mr.Wendell Phillips in Boston? If he does, we shallhear him open his lips in Boston to denounce thesemen. He will boldly risk his reelection to the Senateby using his influence to silence the sedition beprofesses to abhor. Perhaps we have mistaken him.and he did not have these men in mind when bewrote the sentence. But then are the only men whooppose enlistments, and distinctly avow enmity to theGovernment, excepting the Southern rebels. Wesuggest the subject in all seriousness to Mr. Summer,as one demanding his attention as a patriot. Hecan do instant and vast good. He has great influencewith all that class of men. He knows, as weall know, that they utterly refuse to enlist, or tosend their sons to the war, and that this is due, atleast in part to the teachings of their leaders; wecannot think it is entirely due to personal disinclinationto fight the battles of the Union. But ifMr. Summer desires to do a noble service to theGovernment, let him now persuade the Abolitionistleaders in Boston to enlist personally, and bring intheir men with them. If they are loyal, they willdo it; and as they boast of loyalty, and freely callall who who do not agree with them traitors, we submitthat the opportunity is good for testing their allegiance. But then are the only men whooppose enlistments, and distinctly avow enmity to the We say frankly, that w don't believe they areloyal. If this man Pillsbury is a fair specimen, andhe is certainly high in their church, they are as disloyalas the men that fought against us at Richmond.The present state of the enlistments makes thismatter a much more serious business than Mr. Pillsburyseems to imagine it. The danger is imminent;the necessity of the Government presses as neverbefore. In ordinary times, he and his like are of toosmall account to be noted, and arrest and imprisonmentwould only give them coveted martyrdom.But now, when discouragements of the smallest kinddrive us toward the necessity for drafting and asingle obstacle may make expensive and difficultmeasures necessary, it is wicked, even to criminality,for any man to pursue this course in a loyalState. And masmuch as imprisonment is consideredmartyrdom by such fanatics and their followers, itis worth consideration whether a law cannot bepassed condemning these men, who are preachingenmity to the Government in Worcester and inBoston, to be passed through our hues before Richmond,and into the lines of the rebels, where theybelong, as enemies to the Union. Governor Johnsonfound some such law for disposing of disunionmen in Nashville, and the Government did somethingof the sort at Washington. We don't knowwhat or where the law is but if it can be found, itwould fit the case of Mr. Pillsbury and some othersto a nicety. Journal of Commerce. Journal of Commerce. 
