 TO THE EDITORS: O DITORS GENTLEMEN—I have recently received a 'Circular,'addressed to the clergy of New England by acommittee (self-constituted, I suppose,) of thefathers, inviting me to sign a protest, by themdrawn up, and forward it to their agent to be sentto Washington. ENTLEMEN They request me to say that, 'in the name ofAlmighty God, and in His presence, I do solemnlyprotest against the passage of what is known asthe NEBRASKA BILL.' EBRASKA I have neither signed or returned the 'protest,'nor shall I assume the responsibility of thus protesting,in the name of God, against the passage ofa hill which right and justice demand should becomea law. It would be an act of shameless blasphemyfor me to do so, and it would be well foreach individual of that protesting committee toadopt, in their own case, the words of the collectin the Episcopal church—'Lord! grant me a rightjudgment in all things .' in the name of God Lord! grant me a rightjudgment in all things I have noticed a statement, in one of the citypapers, to the effect, that 'the clergy of New Englandstand up like a solid column against theNebraska bill, and presuming from the array ofclerical names attached to the protest, that whoeverdoes not 'stand up against the bill' muststand in a solitary minority, I am desirous ofbeing understood as occupying that very position.Although one of the clergy of New England, Ihave observed that when they, as a body, undertaketo 'stand up' by, or to mount and ride, somepolitical hobby, as in the case of the bill they protest,they are, from their ignorance of the politicalhistory and principles of the government of theUnited States, and of the charter of our politicalprivileges, as likely to be wrong as to be right, andin this instance, I am confident there will be butfew found to boast of their standing up against thebill, after a few short months have passed away.In the political ferment that boils up and throws offthe filth, they now rise up against one of the mostjust, equitable and practicable measures that hasattracted the attention of Congress for years, andthey express great fear, where there is no fear tothose who judge what is right, and have sufficientmoral principle to pursue it. Notwithstanding theprotest of the New England clergy in generalagainst the bill, there is one in particular, who hasconfidence in the national councils, and who believesthey will not be overawed by the theologicopolitico-anathemaput forth by the clergy, but thatCongress will push on the victory achieved in theSenate till the 'bill' shall be current in Nebraskaand Kansas, and be honored in every State in theUnion. The defenders of the equitable measurewill then stand up, unscathed by the vindictiveshafts now hurled at them by its enemies, whilethe latter will seek the shadow cast by the pillarsof justice and righteousness to screen them, whenthe remembrance of their profane 'protest' passesover their minds. That they may live to soe thevanity of their 'protest,' and to know that theMissouri compromise is reformed out, and the justiceof the Nebraska bill universally acknowledged,I very much desire. Then will they behold theterritories settled by our intelligent and industriousyeomen, who will adopt a form of governmentfor themselves, in accordance with the principles ofthe Constitution, independent as were the foundersof the old thirteen States, and our noble Unionwill sanction the Constitution their wisdom shalldevise, and encircle in the arms of parental loveand protection another great and promising son.   reformed out   ONE OF THE NEW ENGLAND CLERGY. NE EW NGLAND LERGY. 
