 Extracts from a speech, on the Nebraska question,recently delivered in the U.S. House of Representatives,by Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia:— TEPHENS Sir, in these halls, shared to national purposesand those objects for which the Government wasformed, we have had peace-destroying feuds andunseemly conflicts engendered and instigated by thefell demon of 'Restriction,' or 'Wilmot Proviso,'which once stalked with insolent brow in our verymidst. These scenes lasted until the genius of ourcountry rose in its might, on the 17th of June,1850, armed with the great American principle ofself-government, which had borne our fathersthrough the struggle of the Revolution, and drovethe hideous monster. with all his impious crow,from the Capitol, cast them out, and hurled themdownwards to that low decp from which their plaintivehowls now ascend. These convocations all the Tabernacle, and atChicago and elsewhere; the ravings of the infidelpreacher Theodore Par ker, and all his weaker followers.are but the repetition of the pandemoniumscenes: their consultations were held, and gravedebate had. how the banished fiends should regaintheir lost estate, 'whether by open war or covertguile.' These manifestations may be expected.We have had them before; yea, and much moreviolent, too. When the compromise of 1850 waspassed, these same men declared open war againstits provisions. 'Repeal!' 'Repeal!' was blassonedupon their banners; mobs were got up inBoston. in Syracuse, and at Christiana; blood wasshed by these resisters of the law. The spirit ofthe North was appealed to in fanatic accents.That spirit answered in prompt and patriotic tonesof popular reprobation at the ballot-box, just asit will do again. These threats of what will bethe fate and 'political graves' of Northern menwho vote for this bill, can fright nobody but oldwomen and timid children. They are worse thanghost stories; we have heard them before.  I recollect well with what eloquence a gentlemanfrom Ohio (Mr. Root) some years ago, in thisHouse, spoke of the deep degradation that a waitedevery man at the North who should dare to voteagainst the Wilmot proviso. No patronage of theGovernment could save him; no land office, everso remote, could save him; no land office, everso remote, could keep him from being hunteddown, ferreted out, and held up to the just scornof an indignant constituency. But his propheticwarning came far short of becoming history.Northern men did abandon the proviso. In doingso, they acted wisely. justly, nobly, and patriotically;and so far from digging their politicalgraves by the act, they have but planted themselvesdeeper and firmer in the hearts, love, affection,and admiration of their countrymen. The same 'scare crow' was held up to Northernmen who occupied national ground on the admissionof Missouri. It was said then that theywould find 'their graves' in the ground where theystood; and some pretend now to say that such wasthe fact. But in the record I have before me, Isee among the very few from the North who didthen stand up for the right against the hugeclamor that was raised against them, the namesof Baldwin, from Pennsylvania; Holmes, of Massachusetts;Stores, of New York; and Southard,of New Jersey. Where did Southard find hisgrave! Mr. Baldwin was afterwards one of thejudges of the Supreme Court of the United States.Mr. Holmes, when Maine was admitted as aState, was elected to the Senate, and held thathighly honorable post, for aught I know, as long ashe wanted it. Mr. Storrs, who was a man ofgreat talents, never lost the confidence of his constituents.Had he not been cut down by death atan early age, he might, and most probably would,have attained the highest honors of the country,not excepting the Chief Magistracy itself. Thesestatesmen found 'political graves' where many ofthose who now rail so fiercely would doubtless bevery willing to find theirs. But of those whoespoused the side of the Restrictions at that time,I do not see the name of a single man who ever attainedhigh political distinction in this country.Their very memories, in most instances, havepassed away, and their grares,' if they have any,would be about as hard to find as that of 'Mosesin the wilderness.' Restrictions grares So much, then, for these threats. They are butthe 'ravings,' and 'howlings.' and 'hissings' ofthe beaten and routed ranks of the factionists andmalcontents. They are the wailing of the politicallycondemned coming up from the bottom of thatdeep pit where they have been hurled by a patrioticpeople for the good, the peace, quiet, and harmonyof the whole country. We need not expect to silencethem; the friends and advocates of the compromiseof 1850 did not expect or look for that atthe time. That would have been a forlorn hope;and though many of the enemies of the compromise,of the North, who were beaten in the greatbattle of 1850, have since seemingly surrenderedand begge i for quarters, pretending to be ready toacquiesce, I must be permitted to say on this occasion.without any wish to push myself in the NewYork contest, I have very little confidence in theintegrity of their professions. They fought thecompromise as long as there was any prospect ofmaking any thing by fighting it. When whipped,routed, and beaten, then, like craven and mercenarycaptives, they turned to power to see if anything could be made there by subservience andsycophancy. I have no faith in their conversion,never have had any. Warmed into life again bythe genial rays of Executive patronage, I have alwaysthought, and still think, that they will onlybecome the more formidable whenever the occasionoffers for their real principles to manifest themselves.Hydrophobia can never be cured; it willbreak out on the changes of the moon. And sowith the disease of negro-nuinia. Sir the viperwill hiss, and even sting the bosom that nurturesand fosters it. Whether I am right in this anticipation,or whether this Administration is right inits present policy, we shall see.  negro-nuinia.  But we who stood by the compromise of 1850,and intend to stand by it now, and carry it out ingood faith, are not to be moved by any clamor gotup by its old enemies; nor are we to be shaken inour purpose by any mistaken appeals in behalf ofthe 'sanctity of compacts.' Our purpose isfixed, and our course is onward. What little agitationmay be got up in Congress or out of it,while this debate lasts, will speedily subside assoon as this new principle is once more vindicated.Why do you hear no more wrangling here aboutslavery and freedom in Uta and New Mexico?Because, by this new principle, the irritatingcause was cast out of Congress, and turned out tothe people, who are most capable of disposing ofit for themselves. Pass this bill—the sooner thebetter—and the same result will ensue. Thisshews the wisdom and statesmanship of those bywhom this principle was adopted as our settledpolicy on this subject in 1850. A cinder in theeye will irritate and inflame it until you get itout; a thorn in the flesh will do the same thing.The best remedy is to remove it immediately.That is just what the Compromise of 1850 proposesto do with this slavery question in the Territories,whenever it arises. Cast it out of Congress,and leave it to the people, to whom it veryproperly and rightfully belongs.    
