 Delivered at the Anti-Nebrans Meeting in New Haven,on the 8th instant.  Delivered at the Anti-Nebrans Meeting in New Haven,on the  th instant.  Dr. Taylor being loudly and repeatedly called,responded nearly as follows:   Mr. President—If I could, I should like to utterthe first thing which I have to say on this subjectin capitals: THE NEBRASKA BILL IS AMEAN ATTEMPT TO VIOLATE A FAIRBARGAIN! (Applause.) Its authors know it—we know it—the whole country knows it.   Those who propose this law—the bill havingpassed the Senate, is virtually a law—have longsince gotten all that they expected, and muchmore than they expected. We got nothing by it,except the hope of the liberty and the happiness ofunborn millions in a free country. And now, sirthey take from us this hope, and spread the cloudof despair over the cheering prospect of anticipation,the moment it is brightening into reality.How is it done? Is it done fairly—done with asuspicion on their part of fairness, of uprightness,of manliness. of decency? And yet they coollytell us that the North have made the offer, andcivility can do no less than accept it! The Northmade the offer! What a lie!   Who has done this deed? Men from the Southand men from the North, whom we trusted, andthought worthy to be trusted. But we are deceived,betrayed, cheated. A great bargain wasmade between two friends—deeds, mortgages, notesof hand are interchanged—all is settled. All isconfidence, assurance, hope. But without an intimationfrom them, without a suspicion or fear onour part, they take us by the throat, they bind us,throttle us, tell us to be still, filch and burn ourpapers, suborn our own sons to aware that all isconstitutional and lawful, and then pocket thewhole. Perfidious outrage! put the stigma on it!burn it in, that the waters of oblivion shall neverwash it out!   Thus have we been treated by those whom wetrusted. Shall we, can we, trust them anylonger? No! (Tremendous applause.)   Now, Mr. President, I don't say these things ofall the people of the South. Thousands of them,I believe, have the same views of the matter whichwe have. There is honest John M. Botts, and assome voice save, Gen. Sam Houston. I honor thesemen, and all like them.   I have spoken of the projectors and responsibleauthors of the bill, whether from the North or theSouth. Thus much, then, for the southern chivalryand northern dough, which will be slow inrising. And now, sir, I will give my honest opinionof the design of this movement. It is to nationalizeslavery; to give it the sanction of theConstitution of the United States, by legalizing andestablishing it in our territories, under that highauthority. Almost every thing said and done bythe advocates of this bill, shows such to be theirdesign. They are very, very careful not to meetopenly and manfully the constitutional question,founded in act 4, sec. 3.   They claim that, under the Constitution, theirslaves are their property; that as such it is, andought to be, protected in their use  it in our territories,like all other property; they claim, ofcourse, that they have a right to carry their slaveswith them into the territories, and there to holdthem as property, under the same anthority; theyclaim that Congress has no power, according to theConstitution, to say that they shall not carry theirslaves into the territories, and there hold them inbondage—nor power to say that a territorial governmentshall not there establish slavery, nor thata territory, with slavery in its constitution, shallnot be admitted as a State into this Union.     Sir, all this I deny, and would, did my time allow,like to reason the question. Is it not enoughthat there is not an article, section, clause—noteven a word—directly about slavery, in that grandcharter of our rights and our liberty? Is it notenough that its very preamble sets forth, first andforemost, the object, with others, to be, 'to securethe blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity'—and does that constitution legalize slavery,and with its own hand bind its shackles on millionsof our follow-beings to the end of time?   Is it not enough that the Constitution says, thatthe migration and importation of this class of personsshall not be prohibited by Congress prior to1808, to show that Congress had the power to prohibitthis traffic? Has Congress the power to regulate'commerce among the several States,' andno power to regulate this commerce in slavesamong the several States, and thus to prohibit thesale of slaves into any State, new or old? Whatsays the Constitution about territory! Hear whatit says: 'Congress shall have power to dispose of,and make all needful rules and regulations respectingthe territory and other property'—property,why, sir, it is not yours or mine—it is Uncle Sam'sown farm—to be sold or not sold, to be given awayor not. and to be sold or given, to whom in hiswisdom and as the guardian of the nation's welfarehe sees fit, and on such conditions, in respectto use and the mode of cultivation, prohibiting, ashe sees fit, slave labor, or saying nothing about it.But, sir, (dispensing with this illustrious personification,)while the Constitution gives power toCongress to prohibit slavery as an evil in the territoryof the United States, as what may be a needfulrule or regulation, will it be supposed, or said,that the spirit and genius of that Constitution,whose voice for liberty makes the world and itsmightie thremes gives congress the poweror to eriact or establish slavery as a  rule ofthe public welfare!       And  if Congress may prohibit slavery inthe territories. while there is no presence that Congresscan enact or establish it there, who canestablish it there! Where and what is the powerunder Heaven to do this thing? Can a slaveholdingStare extend its poecalier laws respecting propertyor domestic institutions—laws making thistles property, without the right to carry themto Nebraska, or laws giving to one husband four, or forty wires—to the territories of the UnitedStates? If the planter of the South takes hisslaves there, or tells them to Indians there, do thelocal laws of the own State carry with them theirjurisdiction, and ratify and establish there thisright of property? Can squatter sovereigntycreate it? Why not as well create it in respect toYankees. Irishmen. &c., as well as in respect toAfricans or their descendants?    No, sir, slavery is not an institution broadminded ofGod, like marriage and civil government. becausenecessary to the well-being of man in all the circumstancesof organized human society. It is notan institution made and created, as that can hemade and created by our glorious Constitution. Itis not a thing that comes into being, or migraterfrom one locality to another, by common law. Butit is a thing of circumstances—be it right or be itwrong in its circumstances, it is a creature of locallaw. This, sir, is conceded even in this nefariousNebraska bill, by granting the power to makeslavery by squatter sovereignty. Sir, we, all theinhabitants of this broad land, are freak, save wherelocal law, in its limited jurisdiction puts on thechains. The moment the slave passes these limitsinto the territory of the United States, he is free—from under the Constitution. How, were it otherwise, would that flag, thatwaves on high over our broad domain—emblem ofefvil liberty, civil rights, and power to defend them—how would it look? The stripes would fade, thestars would fall as from Heave, and the imperilbird—ninistrum fulminis alitem— would cower withshame and shriek in anguish before the nations.Sir, Congress, as the Constitution now is, canmake no law enacting, creating or establishingslavery any where, which shall be constitutional—non under which any slave in any territory, couldhis case be brought into the Supreme Court, wouldnot, at least ought not, at once to be set at liberty.His fetters would fall off. And now I say to Congressand its laws, to slaveholding States and theirlaws, to slave owners and their presences, to acquittersovereignty. to buyers and sellers—avaunt,stand back, and hands off, you cannot put on thosefetters again! There is a world, sir. into whichnothing can enter that defileth. So slavery comesnot—lives not—it dies in the land of freedom—dies from the very purity of the sir it attempts tobreathe. ninistrum fulminis alitem And now a word on another topic. Congresshas power to refuse to admit a new State in thisUnion, when applying with slavery in its constitution.What says the Constitution of the UnitedStates? 'New States mav be admitted by Congressinto this Union.' Yes: and may not be.May admit is not shall admit. How careful andprecise the wording—may admit. Why. except toshow that, if they see cause, they may refuse toadmit. What right has any territory to be admittedas a new State into this Union, without theconsent of Congress? and who is to judge of anddecide the terms of admission, except Congress, asone of the parties? If the applying party doesnot choose to come in on the terms proposed byCongress, let them stay out. Congress takes fromthem no right—withholds nothing which it isbound to give—nothing which, in its wisdom, ithas not a right to withhold. Does this clause inthe Constitution compel Congress to admit everyapplicant, be the case and the circumstances whatthey may; or does it leave the question at the discretionof Congress? It is my belief, that the great question is, shallslavery be established in this country, under theauthority of the Constitution. for all coming time?If the South can succeed in this —if they can thusnationalize slavery, thus maintain an ascendantand controlling influence in the politics of thecountry and councils of the government, then theymay he satisfied to abide in the Union. If not.then for a southern confederacy, such as it wouldbe. And who has not heard, that 'it is better toreign in hell than to serve in leaven.' And now,sir, are the North prepared to assent to the doctrinethat slavery is a national institution, andthat, under the protection of the Constitution, itmay be carried and extended wherever slaveholderschoose to carry and extend it? No, Sir. I trusts, whatever may be the consequences,the North will never come to that. Ishould like to dwell longer on this part of the subject.did the time allow. (Cries of Go on, go on.)Without being a lawyer, I have read the Constitutionof my country: and I say confidently andfearlessly, that under the sanction of its high authority,there are two positions for the North totake: one is, that Congress has the power to prohibitslavery in the territory of the United States:the other is, that no new State shall be admittedinto the Union with slavery in its constitution.And now let us say it. and having said it, stick toit. (Applause.) Don't let us do a single act, or utter a word, ortake a first step for the dissolution of the Union.Liberty and union forever. Let us be patriots, andnot party politicians. With the Constitution forour guide and defense, let us insist on our rights,and maintain them. If the South choose to dissolvethe Union, and to go for a southern confederacywith the barbarism they seem to covet, letthem. The responsibility will be theirs, not ours.We can stand on our own feet. Strength, power,to take care of ourselves, what more do we want?Under the smile of the God of our fathers, who isafraid! Sir, I am an old man, at least in the view ofyoung men, and the older I grown. the more I lovemy country, and, as is common in like cases, thegreater are my anxiectios for her future. I used tothink we had territory and States enough, anddidn't exactly like the doctrine of extension. Butlatterly, I had begun to think, no matter how greata portion of this 'great globe' comes under thecovert of that ægis of human rights and humanliberties—the Constitution of the United States.And, sir, I should have scarcely a doubt on thispoint, so far as this whole continent is concerned,were it not for that one thing —slavery. slavery. What other conflicting interest, broad as theland is, can endanger or shatter the happy, deserterunion of the whole! Would that this evil, thisgrand obstacle, sustained chiefly by the spirit ofparty. that prince of the power of the sir, couldbe managed. Something must be done for this purpose,or a dissolution of this Union seems inevitable.The South must abandon her undue aspirationsfor permanent and dominant control in thecouncils and politics of the country. The Northmust concede to the South every just claim, butwill, I trust, yield nothing more. This Union dissolved!Sad and dreadful day! Think of thebrood and happy land! How happy we were a few weeks ago! all waspeace; things looked as if we could not be disturbedand  as we had been. The stormhad ceased; the sun of peace and barony, orprosperity and joy, shone on all the millions of theLaud. But suddenly, unexpectedly, in the brightnessof mid-day, with not a cloud in the heavens,some the thunder-clap. and a continent trembles.I fear more than ever: I fear for one of the worstof evils—the dissolution of the Union. The prospectof it is now, in my view, greater than ever before;and I fear it, because the North cannot, mustnot, will not go on conceding and conceding to theSouth.  We have conceded enough, and long enough, tojustify us in the conclusion, that concession is ofno further use. Now, we must say, no moreslavery either in new territory or in new States.Let the North unite in this, and it can be done.Let theirs unite as one man; let them lay aside allpast differences of whig and democrat, abolitionand free soil, and all that hinders concert in a commoncause— lot by gone be by-gones—and let themgird themselves to the struggle, for the rights andshe liberty which our Constitution gives us. Whowill not do it? Let him answer, and then put themark on him. I said, I Love my country. How long this landof my fathers, the glory of all lands, shall be continuedand blessed, is not for me to  But,sir, if worst comes to worst, I could lay off thegarment of my profession, and poor on a soldier'scoat in the cause of freedom. (Tremendous andlong-constituted cheering and abouts of applause.)Or. if I should be too old—I don't think I am yet—I would bear my part in any way, in prayer andin worship, or amid the battle and the blood. Ifdisunion comes, then will civil war come—then, having strength, I will go to the Grace with prayers and tears for my country, andthence, wiping these  if need be, to battle andto death.     Or, sir, for if I, and some others,  not to the dreadful-day, many there are here to night whomay. My young friends, count on me for one withothers. If so happy as to attain that better worldof our hopes, there, with consorts full of doesand with saints and with angels, we will go up tothe thous of God and the Lamb, asking Film thatsitter thereon still to  land, and make itthe glory of all Landa.    
