 The  in  atSpringfield, recently, to consider the Nebraskaon trage, issued the following address and resolutions:—       To the Musslevs of Christian E Sin Thompson County:  To the Musslevs of Christian E Sin Thompson County    Brethren and Friends,—Assembled in a specialconvention for the consideration of a houseapparently somewhat remote from the line of ourordinary professional occupation, we are yet by nomeans unmindful of our relation, as pastors, toyou. On the contrary, it is not as citizens, nor asphilanthropists, nor as ministers of Christianity,merely, that we have met, but distinctly and chieflyas pastors. We do not, indeed, assume to representyour sentiments upon the points which havebeen embraced in our discussions, though we trustthat in the action which we have taken, we shallfind that we have to a good degree your sympathyand support. Yet it is principally in view of theconnection which we hold with you, and of theconsequent influence which we may be supposed toexert in forming your sentiments, or directing youraction upon moral subjects—an influence for which,as conceded by you under the will of God, we aregrateful, and the responsibility of which, both tothe Lord and to you, we deeply feel; it is in viewof this that we have desired to avow our opinionsand combine our counsels upon the great questionwhich is now agitating our country. This is ourjustification for the present address, to which wesolicit your candid attention.   Suffer us to ask you to look at the issue nowpending before our national Legislature in its trueaspect. Consider it first in its becrings upon Christianity.The boundaries of freedom are generallythe boundaries of pure, enlightened religion.—Within the limits of oppression. ignorance, superstition,infidelity, pride, and all their associatedevils largely prevail. The effort to extend the reignof all that would oppose the progress of the Gospelof Christ in our land.  in its becrings upon Christianity.  Consider it, second, in its bearings upon the honerof the nation. The demand that the territory describedin the bill before Congress be opened to theencroachments of slavery, is a demand that weshall sacrifice on the foul altar of sectional interest,the fundamental principles of truth and good faith.A vast domain pledged to freedom by previous solemnenactments, is to be laid at the feet of recklessambition, to be made a new theatre for tragediessuch as the conscience of the world abhors, andwhich our republic is under bounds to humanity, bylegislation with which you are all familiar, to atlenst restrict, and thus virtually and ultimatelyprohibit. To forfeit these bonds is to renounce theclaims of honor, and thus destroy the confidence ofthe world in us; give just occasion for despots totriumph, and the oppressed of all nations to faint.  the honerof the nation.  Consider it third, in its bearings upon the citizensof the free States in their connection with slavery. Itasks that we shall take upon ourselves the responsibilityof fostering and perpetuating an institutionalways odious to us, and from which we havehitherto flattered ourselves that we stood aloof—enduring only in others while protesting ourselves.Other portions of our country, having previouslyadopted slavery as their domestic system, havesought admission to our Union, and we have notthough it expedient to deny them, nor consistentwith the constitution to rearrange their social basis.Now, however, we are required to plant with ourown hands the system where it does not exist, andcannot, unless we of the North place it there.—Hitherto our Southern neighbors have warned usthat we interfere not with their institution—nowthey would have us not only interfere for them, butmake it ours, and foster it as of common interest.It has been sactional in its character—us are tomake it national.  citizensof the free States in their connection with slavery. their us  In the light of these considerations, and manyothers, which we refrain from mentioning, we earnestly,as teachers of righteousness, beueech youto awake to the importance of this great question,the most momentous, when regarded in its probablefuture results, that has stirred the minds ofour people since the founding of the republic. Weurge you to cast aside the restraints of party ties,and break from the local prejudices which haveheretofore hindered all efficient action. and hereafter,with united hearts and hinds, resist the advancesof an enemy to our peace, prosperity, honor,usefulness, and, above all, our religion, which,often insidious in its approaches, has now waxedbold from our patience, and cannot longer be tamperedwith safely. We do not venture to recommendany political action. We only ask thatwhatever political organizations you may see fit,individually, to adopt, you give this subject theplace which rightly belongs to it, as paramount inimportance to all others, social, mical, or international.     Wishing you grace, mercy and peace, we remainfaithfully yours.     Resolved, That while we d it improper forministers of the gospel to make ordinary politicalmeasures the theme of their instruction, and especiallythat the pulpit should be rendered subserviontto the interests of any political party,—stillwhen any great measure is proposed, which, likethe Nebraska bill, is to violate the first principlesof truth and righteousness and mercy, and is atwar with education, morality, and religion,—wedeem it their solemn duty to bring the teachings ofChristianity to bear upon it, and to do what theycan to prevent its consummation.   ordinary  their  In view of the fact that the supporters of Americanslavery, for many years, have steadily and perseveringlysought the extension of its limits, andits power, until it threatens the violation of allcompacts. and the repeal of laws by which hithertoit has been restricted: and   Whereas, a harmonious construction of the wholereligious sentiment of the country presents themain hope of successful opposition to this monstrousevil:    Resolved, That we view the attempt now beingmade in our national Congress, and already in parteffected, to admit the institution of slavery intoregions from which it was prohibited by one of theenactments of the Missouri Compromise, with deepabhorrence and alarm, against which we are calledupon to express our cernest protest.   We do, therefore, protest against this measureas the threatened encroachment of a foul oppression,seeking to extend and perpetuate its existence,against the hare possibility of which we shouldmost jealously guard. We protest against it as theviolation of a guaranteer, for which painful andhumiliating concessions were made to this inhumansystem—painful alie to the humanity and patrictionof its opponents, and that it should thereforebe forever  and inviolable.     We deprecate it as a flagrant outrage againstthe principles of honest dealing, that will, if perpetrated,have a disastrous effict upon the integrityof this whole people, and especially in our nationalafire will afford a precedent of trencher, touringto undermine the foundations of all righteousgovernment.   Resolved, That we regard the present  as acall on the Christian ministry to unite in the condemnationof this inhuman and barbarous system,as an outrage on humanity, a disgrace to our country,and a crime against God.    Resolved, That as ministers of various Christiandenominations, we agree in pledging ourselves todo what we can to exert a healthful influence onpublic opinion, to enlighten, harmonies and uniteit against the system of American slavery, andagainst all its encroachments.   In view of the consequences often threatened bythe advocates of measures similar to that underdiscussion, if we refuse to comply with their demands—   Resolved, That it is the duty of citizens of theNorth, looking calmly at the possible results,steadily to extort their whole influence for the preventionof the monstrous wrong now contemplatedby Congress, and thus, at whatever hazard, to savethe Union from the guilt of adopting slavery as anational institution.  at whatever national  Resolved, That the gratitude of this Conventionof the ministers of Hampton county is due to Rev.Henry Cooley, of West Springfield, the originalmover of the call which has led to this assembly—and that we hereby thank him for the example hehas set us of the necessity of being prompt in individualaction.   
