 The following is from  who,after repeated calls, rose and said:—  Mr. President and Fellow Citizens: I had no of a with that I should speak to you, andat this late hour what I shall say will be very briefWhat I have to say in a very few remarks, will bechiefly historical. It has happened to me, by thefavor of God, to be born actinide the nascence of the revolution.Fairfield, my native town, was burnt bythe British troops, My father served in our armies.Sir, I love liberty—it is a part of my beings I it when an infant upon my mothers' breast.I have never meddled in political gatherings— neverin my life attended a caucus, and never before thisday have I addressed a public assembly upon apoliticalquestion. There has been no call heretofore,gentlemen. I have often beard the cry of dangerand disunion, but I seeded not such threats thatmeant nothing. They passed by me as idle words.as breath peat in vain. But, gentlemen, a realcrisis has now come over us, and now for the firsttime I tremble for my country. I remember everycapital event —every event of prominence which hasoccurred to as since our history as a nation began.In speaking upon this subject, I desire to exercisecharity,— that charity which rejoiceth not in iniquity,but in the truth. During my whole life, ithas been my purpose to afford to others who mightdiffer from me, the charity which I claimed for my-self.   call We have among as different political parties.These parties differ upon various points;— but,gentlemen, let us throw these differences all asidenow, and let us all stand together for the defenseof liberty as one man! (Cheers.) I was alreadyin mature life, and at the head of a family, whenthe Missouri Compromise act was phased. Theexcitement was intense. Missouri was admitted,and that by a few northern votes. The characterand aspect of such northern men have been wellpresented to you by a gentleman who preceded me.I can go into the treat, and shake hands with anhones man who differs with me in politics. I havebeen through the South, and I have there verymany warm friends—many men are in that sectionof our country whom I honor and respect, althoughwe may differ widely in views. All these I cangrasp by the hand as friends. But shall I graspthe hand of a Northern dough-fare! NEVER!(Tremendous charing.) Sir, Connecticut has beendisgraced by a Senator from this State. He hasproved a traitor to his country. (Groaner forTouchy.) Gentlemen, I do view with the most intenseanxiety this thing. No more free States, ifthis bill passes. Slave States cut up into smallerones—the Senate filled by slaveholding legislators—the House deluged by slaveholding representatives—every 50,000 slaves being equivalent to30,000 of our northern freezes! What is ourremedy? The ballot box! (Applause.) Let usthroughout the North unite as a hand of brothers:let there be a party for Liberty: let not the wordwhig or democrat be spoken—but let it be the partyat the threats of dissolution—but I do say, ifthis thing is continued, the dissolution of the Unionis sure. EVER ballot box! If we look geographically at our country, we scea noble belt of free States—from the far north,along the Atlantic to the slave line, thence a cross,skirting the borders of the great lakes on the north,and the Ohio on the south, and thence to the fartherwest and northwest. I love my country—mywhole country! But I love more that principle,dearer to our fathers than their country, dearer towhom than their lives—LIBERTY. (Shouts of applause.)I pray that a contest between the Northand the South may never come. But if such astruggle should come, I should feel that I could.amd would take my place in the controversy. Andhere, before closing, I will refer to that old hero,Gen. llouston, who, repenting the irregularities orhis youth, has reformed in his old age, and whohas dared to speak openly in the face of the Southagainst this contemplated wickedness. He is a nobleexample to our young men —let them profit byit. I hope that that speech of his will be read andthought of all through our country. In view ofour wrongs to the poor Indians—in view of the terriblewrongs we have doen and are now proposingto do to the poor African, and through them, inten-fold measure upon ourselves, let us rememberthat God is just, and that He may visit us with Hisrighteous indignation. principle may 
