 LETTER TO THE HON. JOHN COVODE. MEMPHIS, Tenn., June 15, 1865. EMPHIS The Hon. JOHN COVODE—Dear Sir: I have observedthat. OHN OVODE Dear Sir First: The large majority of the people of thiscountry retain their old prejudice against law coloredrace, and this is not lessened by their being free.It was ones the fear of their being froe that causedsevere oppression. Now it is the fear of their beingequal in intelligence, wealth and political rights,that will lead the men of the South to throw everyobstacle in the way of the progress of the Freedmen.No surer index is needed than the determinedand bitter opposition given to the policy of enfranchisingthe colored men. Our Hon. Chief-JusticeChase has been abused as much for his coursewith the colored people at Charleston and Savannah,as Northern Abolitionists used to be. Andwhy? Because he gave the impression that coloredmen might vote. First Second: No special effort will be made by theformer masters to instruct their slaves, now hired, asto their rights and obligations as freemen. It is assumedthat being freemen, they are to know whatthey ought and what they ought not to do. Inmingling with this people. I hear more such remarksas the Copperheads have been accustomed to makeabout the negroes than otherwise. The Freedmenare spoken of with contempt rather than with charity.Little indiscretions are often magnified, withoutat all considering that these negroes are the oppressedof three hundred years, and not intelligentfreemen. Second special rights freemen. Third: The great majority of the people are notin active sympathy with the policy of the Government,nor with the Government itself. The fact ofthe abolition of slavery is accepted, but the leadinginfluence of the press and of politicians of this sectionis firmly set against any further advance ofthe colored race; and remove military restriction,and that opposition will be much stronger than atpresent, and the Freedman would apply in vain forthe redress of wrongs inflicted upon him. Hewould have a nominal freedom without protection,worse off than when he was a slave; for, then, hehad a sort of protection. Third Fourth: That the Government must carry ourits policy by military authority is evident—if so bethe object is to raise the colored people to the conditionof intelligence and independence implied inthe term freemen." For, first, the Southernerswill not do this by freely aiding the Freedmen;and second, the Freedmen cannot rise by their ownenergy, without bringing upon them the enmity ofthe rabble. They must be protected and instructed,and this the Government can do, it seems tome, by encouraging philanthropists to come to thiscountry, and occupy these lands and employ theFreedmen. The present system of leasing plantationsI do not like. But let it be a system of humanityas well as profit, and the work will be accomplished.These Freedmen want instruction.They are literally thirsting for knowledge. I havehad them sit round me, and with great eagernesslisten to the real condition in which they are nowplaced. They want to know the truth, and thenthey will do something for themselves. One greatreason why those who have come into camps aredoing better than those who remain with their mastersis because they are more intelligent, and comprehendtheir status as freemen. This region isnearly desolated, and the most of the landholderswill sell at a moderate price, and many of themmust sell. If philanthropists could be induced tocome on to the line of the Memphis and Charleston,Ohio and Mississippi, or Mississippi CentralRailroads, they could find good locations. Fourth freemen. humanity literally thirsting If the returned rebels are suffered to vote, we aregoing to wade through dark waters here, unless wecan outvote them by enfranchising the blacks andcolonizing from the North. Fifth: These people are very industrious as arule, and they "mind their own business," which isnot a small item. We have had from 12,000 to 20,000at this place for the past year and a half, and Ibelieve there have been ten disturbances amongwhites were there has been one among them.They have now about 1,900 children in school; andthe schools are nearly self-supporting. NotwithstandingMemphis boasts of her progress, &C, I believethe colored schools stand ahead of the whiteschools, and they do far excel them, all things considered.We distribute 10,000 papers to these pupilsevery month. Many regiments have from 300to 500 men in them who can read, and who havelearned since they enlisted. If they progress in thenext five years as rapidly as they have in the pasttwo, they will have a common-school system thatwill be 100 years in advance of any system that hasever existed in the South. What has thus far beendone has been done by philanthropists, guiding theambition of the freedmen. It remains now for theGovernment to establish the same good work allthrough the land, and "the desert shall blossomlike the rose," "and the lion and the lamb shall liedown together," and the land will be redeemed. Fifth industrious small colored white Sixth: These people (Freedmen) might andshould be encouraged to become land holders and towork their own lands. No people can be truly independentand intelligent, unless they have somemeans of sustaining themselves other than by hiringthemselves out. The Irish are a fair specimen. Icannot see why confiscated lands may not be soldto the Freedmen. It may be better to lease themto philanthropists for a short time, but when theyare sold, let the blacks have them. Sixth own Seventh: These people must have men of moralintegrity to deal with them. They place implicitconfidence in those who try to do for them, and thisgives men an opportunity to swindle them out ofall their earnings. Seventh Eighth: Orphans homes will have to be established,as there are thousands of colored orphans whohave no one to care for them. Eighth Yours, very respectfully,F.G. ENSIGN,General Field Agent, U.S.C.C. —New York Tribune. New York Tribune. 
