 FOURTH OF JULY CELEBRATION AT SALEM, (MASS.) Hon. JOHN B. ALLEY, M.C. from the Fifth District,in responding to the sentiment: "The Presidentof the United States," remarked: OHN LLEY Mr. Mayor and Fellow-Citizens—It was a singularcoincidence that in the darkest period of the historyof this nation, two such men should have been elevatedto the Chief Magistracy as Abraham Lincolnand Andrew Johnson. (Applause.) Born in povertyand in the humblest obscurity, they were calledto preside over the destinies of the fairest governmentand the mightiest nation that ever floated onthe tide of time. (Applause.) What higher eulogycan be pronounced on our institutions and governmentthan the simple statement of this portentiousfact. It could not have occurred in any other countryin Christendom. Mr. Mayor and Fellow-Citizens Fellow-citizens, it may not be improper for meon this occasion to say a single word on the life andcharacter of our martyr President. Mr. Lincolnwas nominated in 1860 at the Chicago Convention,an event unsolicited by him. Scarcely known beyondthe limits of his own State, he was nominatedin opposition to that eminent statesman of world-widerenown. During the last four years, he hadbecome the great historic personage of the age.Why was it that we witnessed but a few days sincesuch lamentation and woe as have never before beenexhibited in the civilized world? Was it becausethe chief of a mighty nation had fallen? Not at all.Other Presidents have died ere this, but no suchsensation has been produced. Was it because of themanner of his death? by no means. Kings andPrinces in other and foreign lands, and statesmen ineminent in the public service, have fallen by the assassin'shand, but no such exhibition was ever beforeseen. Was it because of the condition of the murder?Not at all; nor each nor all of these combined.It was because he had so endeared himselfto the people that every individual felt it to be apersonal bereavement. We have had fifteen Presidentsbefore Mr. Lincoln, all able and eminent men.While he had not the military talent of Washington,the oratory of Adams, the political genius of Jefferson,nor the powerful will of Jackson, yet in everythingthat constituted true greatness of characteror mind, not one of them was superior to Mr.Lincoln. I well remember the day of his nominationat Chicago. One of the first men who receivedthe intelligence of that nomination in Washingtonwas Stephen a. Douglas. I happened to bepresent at the time. After showing it to the Senators,he passed over with myself and others to theRepresentatives' Hall, and exhibited it. As we gatheredaround him he said, addressing as Republicans,"Well, gentlemen, you have nominated a very ableand a very honest man." (Applause.) Such, fellow-citizens,was the testimony of his life-long opponentfrom boyhood to the day of his death. I cannot forbear, in this connection, to relate acircumstance within my personal knowledge as illustrativeof his deep anti-slavery feeling. When hisadministration commenced, there was confined inNewburyport jail a person who had been convictedof slave-trading. He wrote me a very patheticletter expressing repentance, inclosing a petition tothe President of the United States, which he askedas a favor that I would present to the President inperson. I wrote to him that I would do so; ofcourse, it was my duty to a constituent. I could dono less. I waited upon Mr. Lincoln, who, afterreading the letter, turned, to me and said: "Myfriend, that man has written me a very excellentletter, and appears to be sincerely repentant; he hadserved his full time, but is unable to pay the fine.If he had committed murder, I might forgive him.But, Mr. Alley, you know my weakness. If I haveany, it is to be too sympathetic with such people.The man who will go to Africa, and rob her peopleof their liberty for the sake of dollars and cents, isso much worse, in my judgment, is so much moredepraved than a murderer, that never, so long as Iam President, shall he receive pardon at my hands."(Applause.) Such were the character and sentimentsof Mr. Lincoln,—a man whose memory you andyour children and your children's children, to thelast syllable of recorded time, will reverence and respect. President Johnson has given unmistakable evidenceto the whole country of hit ardent patriotismand love, of liberty and the rights of man. I knowhim well, and have full confidence that he will guidethe ship of State aright. He very early in life linkedhis fortunes with the Democratic party; he soonbecame one of their chosen chiefs and leaders; he remainedwith that party so long as it was true to itsprofessed principles; but when some members of theparty abandoned the Union, be stood up manfullyand bravely in the Senate of the United States, anddenounced them with more severity than any otherman upon that floor. I call upon you to rememberthis fact, that in the most trying hour, when apparentlyhe had everything to lose and nothing to gain,he did not hesitate a moment to stand by the country.I have seen hint in the Senate ball, hurlinghis invectives at Jeff. Davis and his associates, as Ihave heard no other Senator upon that floor. I believehe will be as true to his country as the needleto the pole. In every position he has held, as Governorof the State of Tennessee, as Representativeor Senator to the Congress of the United States, hehas always devoted himself to the interests of thepeople. That great beneficent act giving homes tothe homeless and aid to the poor,—the homesteadbill,—was most emphatically a result of his labor,and it is owing to his eloquence and energy in agreat degree that it passed through Congress. I owe it to frankness to any that J do not agreewith his present policy. I cannot see the reason ofit with regard to reconstruction. I have reason tobelieve,—I think I may say almost that I knowfrom such authority as I deem unquestionable,—that although he is experiment tug in this way,yet be in his own heart coincides in this matter of reconstructionin sentiment with the people of Massachusetts. For one. I do not wish to see reconstruction atpresent, I want to see the South governed bymilitary power, (applause,) until they are morefully qualified to govern themselves than they areat present. (Applause.) We have sacrificed untoldtreasure, a quarter of a million of lives, and shall werun any risk, shall we make any dangerous experimentsagain after losing all this blood and treasure?Do we not owe it to the brave soldiers,—do we notowe it to the loyal men of the South,—to say thatthese rebels, the rebels in the rebellious States,shall not get possession of those Stales again? Isay that we do. By no act or word of mine will Iever consent, in Congress or oat; to see any injusticedone to the loyal citizens of the South, white orblack. (Applause.) Fellow citizens. I tell you wemust hold them where they are. We cannot affordto lose our grasp, our military grasp, upon that sectionof the country. The evidence is too overwhelmingthat there is but little loyal feeling there exceptwith the negro. We have the right, according tothe laws of war, to hold them in military subjection.They are the guilty party; they forced this warupon us. We did not wish it. We tried in everyway to avoid it. But now that we have sacrificedcountless thousands, almost, and so many of thebrave sons of the North, in defence of those greatprinciples of Liberty and Justice, shall we, at thismoment, run the risk of sacrificing them again? Isay no! a thousand times No! (Applause.) No Fellow-citizens, I beg pardon of for having trespassedso far on your patience. I did not intend tosay so much, but I have been betrayed by my feelingsinto these prolonged remarks. I will close byoffering the following sentiment: "THE REPUBLICAN FORM OF GOVERNMENT—that only is Republican which is based upon theconsent of the governed." (Applause). HE EPUBLICAN FORM OF OVERNMENT 
