 The following extract from a letter written byGen. B.F. .Butler recently, presents a few strikingsuggestions upon the all-important subject of Reorganization:— "I most firmly believe that President Johnsonwill do in this matter what is right and best. I knowhe will do all that a patriot, aided by the best lighthe has, may do. Himself, risen by his own. exertionsfrom the people to the highest place in theState, in spite of all the opposition and rivalry of thearistocratic power of slavery, not by accident, butby the slow degrees of successful endeavors; in aState, too, where them in no dearth of strong men;with a loyalty to the Union which shone out with abrightness that made him the man of men South,and shamed thousands North. The President surelycan be trusted, at least for the time Wing, to experimentupon reducing to order a slate of society ofwhich he must personally know as much as any manliving, without provoking the opposition of theearnest and true men who, in the end, it is to behoped, will agree with him or be with them; for Iunderstand the President's policy as yet to be onlyexperimental. For the rest, when I do rebuild, I prefer to makethe edifice of straight black walnut, rather than ofcross-grained white oak, especially if the sticks ofthe latter are so crooked that they will not lie still. Upon another point involved in the reconstructionof the Southern States, I think history gives us an examplewhich points the path of duty as well as policy.After the revolution in one Stain, the bulk of theproperty of the tories and enemies of the countrywas confiscated to the use of the loyal, and the ownerswent out. In another State the tories were receivedinto fellowship, and their property largely givesback to them. The result has been that the countryhas had two States with dissimilar institutions,Massachusetts and South Carolina. Which do youprefer as a pattern for the regenerate South?Without confiscation, Sooth Carolina? With confiscation,Massachusetts?" tories tories 
