 At the Meeting of the Colored National MonumentAssociation of Washington, July 4, 1865. At the Meeting of the Colored National MonumentAssociation of Washington, July MR. CHAIRMAN AND FELLOW CITIZENS OFTHE UNITED STATES: When I left my home inMassachusetts, I intended to spend this hallowedday amid the graves of the brave men who fell atGettysburg. in aiding to consecrate a monument tothe heroes of the "grand old Army of the Potomac,"who there fronted the legions of the rebellion,and broke the power of treason forever in America.(Cheers.) Business—not yet completed—forcedme to spend the day in the National Capital, andI came here to meet free men and listen to thewords of humanity, of justice and of liberty. Ihave listened to an orator of your own race, and Isay to you that, within the broad limits of the NorthAmerican Republic, there will be few speechesuttered to-day superior to the one he addressed toyou. I have listened, too, to the voice of one thatfor more than thirty years in my own MassachusettsI have been accustomed to listen to and admire. Ican hardly hope, after you have listened to suchutterances, to say anything that will add to the joyof this grand occasion; but as you have asked meto say a word. I will not shrink from saying it.(Applause.) Here in the capital of my country,surrounded by this throng of my fellow-citizensblack and white, I say—and if my voice couldreach to the Rio Grande, I would utter it—thatslavery is dead and buried forever. ("Thank God!"Applause.) And I say further—and I want you tomember and carry it to your homes to-night, andtell it to your neighbors, and let it go from neighborto neighbor across the continent—that thefreedmen of the United States shall be protected inall their rights. (Immense cheering.) Slavery hasrobbed your cradles; it shall rob them no more.(Applause.) Slavery has sold your children; itshall sell them no more. (Cheers.) Slavery hadits auction blocks; they are gone forever. Slaveryhad its bloodhounds; they shall bay on the track ofyour race no more. (Loud and continued cheering.) R. HAIRMAN AND ELLOW ITIZENS OFTHE NITED TATES buried Let the late slave-master understand this. Letevery rebel in the country, from the Potomac to theRio Grande, understand it, that their power, theirauthority over the black man of this continent haspassed away forever. (Cheers.) I want them tounderstand, in the language of the New York Heraldof yesterday that "Slavery is destroyed," andwith its death the compromises of the Federal Constitution,the laws of Congress, the black laws ofthe late slave States and of the free States, an allthe political dogmas and ideas upon which this systemof slavery depended must be numbered amongthe things of the past. The Dred Scott interpretationof the Constitution from the Supreme Court,under which the negro has no political rights whicha white man is bound to respect, goes, with all thisother rubbish, into the dumping ground of slavery.(Immense applause.) And I serve a notice hereto-day upon them, that I am preparing a bill that Iintend to introduce on the first day of the nextCongress for the personal liberty of every freedmanof the Republic. (Applause.) I want them to understand,further, that I belong to a body of menthat are accustomed to sleep on the field ofvictory—(cheers)—a class of men that acceptthe doctrines of the New Testament; that acceptas the living faith of the North AmericanRepublic the Declaration of Independence; a classof men that represent the principles of liberty, humanityand justice and a class of men that neverwere and never can be defeated. (Applause.) Ifany doubt it, let them look back for the last thirtyyears, and they will doubt no longer. Herald When I came here a young man, twenty-nineyears ago last May, I didn't know anybody in Washingtonand nobody had any reason to know me. Iwent across to the Island, saw the infamous Williamsslave pen, saw the poor people manacled andmarched down to the river side and shipped off tothe "far South." I went up to the Capitol—to theHouse of Representatives—and saw the slave masters"laying on the table" the petitions of theChristian men and women of the country againstthis abominable traffic in human bodies. In thepride of their power they thought they could crushout the spirit of the people. I went back toMassachusetts filled with pity for the hapless bondmanand defiance to his oppressor. I found noblemen and Christian women devoting all they hadand all they hoped to be to the cause of the oppressed,and I linked my name with theirs, and forthese thirty years I have acted with anti-slaverymen who have put up parties and put down parties,and can do it again. (Immense cheering.) can do it again. I saw a grand old party led by Clay and Webster,and men of eminent talent and character, yield tothe tempter, how humbly at the feet of the slavepower—and then, I saw it die. (Applause.) I saw an "American" organization spring up;they spoke for liberty, and voted for liberty, butthey were seduced by the slave oligarchy, and Istood by their grave soon after. (Applause.) I saw the old "Democratic" party—a party thatcould commit more offences against humanity, whileprofessing to be its champion, than any other partythat has ever existed—ingloriously defeated—itsleaders beaten. I have seen State after State—underits acknowledged influence—plunge into thevotex of revolution and civil war, and after fouryears of bloody struggle have seen it overwhelmedand overthrown from Canada to Mexico. (Applause.) Casting aside the mere obligations of partisanship,standing on the eternal principle or right, anti-slaverymen have broken the powerful politicalorganizations, and smitten own the leaders whohave been recreant to liberty. They have swornupon the altar of patriotism to stand erect in vindicationof the rights of man in America and so longas there is a right no secured or a wrong unredressed,they are ready to act with, to build up or topull down political organizations and public men. I have an undeviating faith in these men; theyhave been tried at all times and in every form, butthey have marched steadily onward, achieving victoryafter victory, and they will not shrink from anycontest that may come up in the great work of contestfreedom for all men in America. [Applause.]I say to you colored men here to-day, thatninety five of every hundred of the men who inNovember last voted for Abraham Lincoln and AndrewJohnson are standing now shoulder to shoulderfor the emancipation and the protection of yourrace by just, humane and equal laws. (Cheers.)They believe with Andrew Johnson, that "all menshould have a fair start and an equal chance in therace of life, and that merit should be rewarded withoutregard to color." In their memories will lingerforever the immortal words of the martyred Lincoln,the ballot of the black man, "in some tryingtime to come, may keep the jewel of liberty in the familyof freedom." all menshould have a fair start and an equal chance in therace of life, and that merit should be rewarded withoutregard to color. in some tryingtime to come, may keep the jewel of liberty in the familyof freedom. You were kind enough, Mr. Chairman, to referto the fact that I had introduced the bill whichpassed abolishing slavery in the District of Columbia,and also to toe measure annulling the blacklaws and making the colored man liable only for thesame offences, and triable and punishable for thesame offences, in the same measure as white men.That bill which, with some amendments, becamethe law under which three thousand men, womenand children were emancipated and the nationalcapital made forever free, was drawn, at my request,by the ready and accurate pen of Col.' Key, ofOhio, then with me on the staff of General McClellan.When that bill was pending, we were assuredthat if it became the law, if we struck themanacles from your hands, the poor-houseswould be thronged, the prisons crowded; that riotsand bloodshed and civil war would come. The billpassed—you thronged the churches of the livingGod to utter thanks and gratitude. Three yearshave passed away, and here you are, more intelligent,stronger, truer than ever to yourselves andyour country. ("That's so—every one." Cheers.) They told us your brothers in the South wouldobey their musters; that they would fight for theirrebel leaders and against us. Is there a man hereto-day who has seen a rebel black man in this contest?Go from here to the Rio Grande, and youwill find no one who has ever seen a rebel blackman. They had been God-fearing and law-abiding.In the whole history of this country there is nothingmore sublime than the record of the black man inthis struggle. They have endured indignity anddeath: they have stood by our brave soldiers andsailors in the thickest fights; they have guided themagainst the enemy; they have aided our sufferingmen escaping from starving prisons, and given themfood and shelter. To-day there are tens of thousandsof them who can look upon the sinning arms intheir hands, and feel the proud satisfaction of havingrendered efficient service to their country. Theystood by their country in the hour of peril, andtheir country will stand by them in its hour of victory.("Good, good," and great cheering.) Shouldthere be any one in the country who doubts this, Icharge him to "possess his soul in patience;" hisdoubts will be solved within the next twelve months. Men whose prophetic utterances have ever beenfalsified by facts, tell us that the loyal black men,who have been true to this country when theirhomes were in possession of armed legions, whenslave masters dominated and controlled vast regions,would, if they possessed the ballot, vote astheir now defeated masters should dictate—not asGod and their country should hid them. They whotrusted in their God, and remained ever loyal totheir country and its defenders when the power ofthe slave masters was unbroken, are to be false totheir country, to freedom, to themselves, when thepower of their old masters it broken and their pridehumbled! If there ever was an utterance that hadnot the remotest semblance of reason in it, it is thatutterance. We are told that the power to confer or withholdthe right of suffrage rests with the States. I declareto you to-day, that if the Government of theUnited States had said to the rebels after their surrender,after they had been humbled into nothingness,after treason had murdered President Lincoln:"We shall hold your rebellious Slates with the militarypower of the nation till you are ready to renewyour practical relations—('That's the doctrine')we do not intend that the cause of this rebellion,which has cost us three hundred and twenty-fivethousand lives and three thousand million of dollars,shall in any form make another revolution; we haveno revenges—we will spare your forfeited lives andproperty, but you must accept the immediate andunconditional abolition of slavery; you must amendyour constitutions, making it forever impossible tohold property in man; you must repeal your humiliatingand degrading black codes, and give suffrageto the loyal men of the country without distinctionof color"—every rebel State, South Carolinaincluded, would have within a hundred daysaccepted these conditions. The rebel States wouldhave accepted these conditions with alacrity, andevery far-seeing Union man of the loyal Stateswould have approved the placing of the weapon ofself-protection into the hands of the enfranchisedfreemen. I am not here to find fault with the Government,however, though I fear that the goldenmoment to secure justice and base our peace onthe eternal principle of right was not taken. Ihave faith in the motives and purposes of the administration,and shall keep my faith unless it shallbe broken by future deeds. I have faith in the motivesand purposes of President Johnson, who toldthe colored men in the capital of his own Tennesseethat he would be their Moses. Andrew Johnsonwill, I am sure, be to you what Abraham Lincolnwould have been had he been spared to completethe great work of emancipation and enfranchisement. Pardoned, rebels and rebels yet unpardoned flippantlytell us that they hold in their hands, yet redwith loyal blood, the rights of loyal colored men, ofthe heroes scarred and maimed beneath the dear oldflag. I tell these repentant and unrepentant butconquered and subdued rebels, that while they holdthe suffrage of the loyal black men in their hands,we, the loyal men of America, hold in our handstheir lost privilege to hold office in the civil service,army or navy. The Congress of the United Stateshas placed upon the statute book a law forever prohibitingany one who has borne arms against thecountry, or given aid, comfort and countenance tothe rebellion, from holding any office of honor,profit or emolument in the civil, military or navalservice of the United States. "Gentlemen of therebel States, you loved office in the past; you deemedyourselves specially ordained to fill then; thereis not one of you who can have one of those officesuntil this matter it settled. You hold the rights ofthe loyal black man in your hand; I hold your lostprivilege to hold office under the Federal Governmentin mine. I am generally opposed to compromises,but I may be inclined to agree to this compromisewith you. When you allow the black manto vote, we, the loyal men of the country, may consentto allow you, repentant and pardoned rebels,to hold office under the Constitution. (Applause.)Remember that Executive pardons don't give youthe privilege of holding office or putting your emptyhands into the Treasury. Congress and a loyalpeople hold you in their power; and they will exactjustice before they grant privileges." (Cheers.) You, sir, invited Mayor Wallack to be here today,but I don't see him. I have a sort of a dimidea that if you held the right of suffrage. MayorWallack, and, perhaps, the whole city governmentwould be here. (Cheers.) To insure the attendanceof the Mayor of Washington next year, Iwould suggest that you early send your petitions toCongress, asking for the ballot. ("We will.") Iam a Yankee, and have the right to guess, and Iguess you will get it. (Great applause.) At home and in Congress, I have ever labored tosecure to the colored men of my country equalityof rights before the law. I would give to all men,white and black, equal, just and humane laws—thesame that I ask for myself and kindred. Havingever battled for your rights, I hope you will allowme to offer on this occasion a few words of adviceand admonition. ("We will.") It is said by yourenemies that the black man will not work without alash upon him back. I don't believe it. (A voice:"I know it ain't so.") I want you to prove by deedsthat your enemies have misjudged you. Deeds, notwords, must silence your enemies, must vindicatethe confidence of your friends. Never be idle.Cultivate the brain and the hand. Engage in thevaried industries demanding the trained head andthe skillful hand. Be temperate, frugal, economical.Get homes. Though they be ever so humble,they will be dear to you, for the laws of your countrywill make them sacred. Educate your children,so that their future may be brighter than your pastor present. (Cheers.0 Follow not the example ofmen who sat in the shade and punished poor whiskeywhile you were driven to unpaid toil under aburning sun; but imitate the industry, thrift andeconomy of the hardy sons of toil, who till thefields and fill the workshops were labor is honoredand laboring men respected. God made you as hemade the rest of us, to gain your bread by the sweatof your faces, not to force or steal it from other men.Slave masters must now learn this hard lesson.They went into civil war to get the right to carryslaves into the territories, and they come out of itwithout the right to hold slaves in the States.(Great applause.) Those slaveholders who expect to pass laws tooppress or punish you for your loyalty find themselvesmistaken. We don't intend to have anysuch laws, and if they pass them we will annul themin the Congress of the United State. I want themto understand that. (Cheers.) Advance high your standard of rights, duties andresponsibilities. Call none master but God. Walkwith your forehead to the skies. Don't insult anyman, nor allow any man to insult you. Don'tstrike any man, nor allow yourselves to be struck.Let it henceforth and forever be understood byfriend and foe, anywhere and everywhere, that youare free—as free to think, speak and act a any menthat breathe God's air or walk his green earth.(Cheers.) Let the late slave masters, from the Potomacto the Mexican line, fully understand thatyou are amenable to the same laws as themselves,that you are to be tried for their violation in thesame manner and punished in the same degree.(Cheers.) Let them know that henceforth you willutter your own thoughts, make your own bargains,enjoy the fruits of your own labor, go where youplease throughout the bounds of the Republic, andnone have the right to molest or make you afraid.(Applause.) If my voice to-day could penetratethe ear of the colored men of my country, I wouldsay to them that the intelligence, character andwealth of the nation imperatively demand theirfreedom, protection, and the recognition of theirrights. I would say to them: "Prove yourselvesby patience, endurance, industry, conduct and characterworthy of all that the millions of Christianmen and women have done and are doing to makefor you that Declaration of Independence—readhere to-day—the living faith of United America."(Loud and prolonged cheering.) 
