 The glorious Fourth of July, a day celebrated foreighty-nine years as the birth of the white man'sliberty in this country, was celebrated, as it was nevercelebrated before, in Kentucky, by the coloredpeople. Extensive preparations had been made; andthough the heat was oppressive, everything went offin a very satisfactory manner. There was a greatoutpouring of the people. They came in crowdsfrom everywhere; from the factories, from the workshop,from the field, hard by, and from the deep darkdens of tyranny; and in the pure, fresh air offreedom enjoyed themselves, as alone they can enjoya blessing who have ever before been deprivedof it. For the first time in our history, we had theprivilege of celebrating this day consecrated to libertyas a free people; for the war being ended, slaveryis dead throughout the length and breadth of ourcountry. We can breathe the fresh, pure, air ofheaven as men, now, not as chattels; we have aninterest in the undying legacy of our forefathers; wehave a right to "life, liberty, and the pursuit ofhappiness;" and, by God's help, we will maintainthese rights. The procession was formed in the following order,which after marching through the designated streets,repaired to Johnson's Wood's, contiguous to the city,where there was gathered the happiest assemblageof people that ever congregated in this State. First came the 123d U.S.C. infantry, full eighthundred strong, marching to the stirring strain oftheir martial hand; next, the Fifth street SabbathSchool, followed by the Asbury Chapel SabbathSchool, fourth Quinn's Chapel Sabbath School; fifth,Jackson street Sabbath School; sixth, Green streetSabbath School; pressing after them came Yorkstreet Sabbath School; next came Centre streetSabbath School, with a brass band, discoursing mostexcellent and patriotic music; after the SabbathSchool tramped the government employes, aboutone hundred and fifty strong, hearing aloft the bannerof beauty and glory; then followed the "Sonsof Union," with their chaste designs and nest regalias;eleventh, "West Union Sons;" twelfth,"Independent Sons of Honor;" thirteenth, "UnitedBrothers of Friendship;" fourteenth, "United Fellows,"followed by a tastefully decorated car, drawnby four horses, filled with misses representing the"Fifth street Baptist Aid Society." This was followedby another beautifully arranged decoratedcar, filled with misses representing the original AidSociety in Kentucky—the "Colored Ladies' Soldier'sand Freedman's Aid Society." These youngladies made the route musical with patriotic airs.Next came a car filled with busy workmen, plyingthe saw, the plane, hammer, and mallet; next camethe 125th U.S.C. Infantry, six hundred strong,marching with soldierly tramp to the soul-inspiringstrain of national music. Full ten thousand persons marched in the procession,and at the "ground" ten thousand morewere assembled to listen to the addresses of the talentedorators. A sumptuous dinner was prepared for the soldiers,to which they did ample justice. After dinner the speaking commenced. DavidJenkins, Esq., of Columbus, Ohio, first addressedthe people in stirring strains of eloquence, interspersedwith anecdotes and side-splitting yarns, thatmade these old woods roar. Mr. John M. Langston,of Oberlin, Ohio, was then introduced, and wasgreeted with rounds of applause. He entertainedthe audience with a beautiful and finished speech,abounding with eloquence and argument. He forciblyreviewed the past history of the country, andexpatiated upon the duty and responsibility of thecolored people in the future. Mr. Langston was followed by Chaplain Collins,of the 57th Illinois Regt., who, in a short address,contrasted the difference between the first andlast Fourth of July that passed during the rebellion,expressed his gratification at seeing so many coloredpeople gathered together, and rejoicing over thedownfall of slavery. All colored men to-day, byGod's blessing, and through the instrumentality ofMr. Lincoln, are free, acknowledging no master butGod. Chaplain Collins was followed by Lieut Ward,of the 125th U.S.C. Infantry, who spoke of thecolored troops with whom he is identified, complimentedtheir bravery, intelligence, loyalty, andmanhood: he claimed that they have exhibited thehighest qualifications as men and soldiers, &C Cenls. Palmer and Brisbane arrived on thegrounds about 5, P.M. As soon as they were recognized,such a shout as went up from amongst thoseold brown avenues wm enough to call the wood-spritesand all the invisible denizens of those sylvanshades from their lurking places; and when hemounted the rostrum, the rounds of applause weredeafening. The General was visibly affected byhis reception, and, after the tumult had subsided,spoke substantially as follows: Fellow-Citizens: I can say truly, that to be welcomedby my fellow-citizens, by those who havegathered together upon this ocasion to celebratethe anniversary of American independence thefirst time in their lives with freedom, the first timebeing permitted to assemble together to enjoy blessingsthat we have ever enjoyed, is an occasion thatfills me with lively emotions. (Applause.) I wantyour patient attention, my fellow-citizens, for thefew moments that I shall address you; for I havecoma here expressly to give you some instructionand words of advice. Fellow-Citizens freedom we This is the first time that you, colored people,have been allowed to assemble amongst yourselves,to celebrate in your own way, in your own manner,the birth-day of American liberty. You presentthe strange anomaly of a people who have no homein the land of your birth, no children, no property;you are niggers, slaves property. You have beendenied the privilege, heretofore, of celebrating thisday; the Declaration of Independence did not applyto you; you were not included in its blessings. ButI tell you here to-day, fellow-citizens, standing beneaththese hoary trees, fanned by this gentle breezethat comes laden with the perfume of peaceful fields,under the canopy of the deep blue heavens, thethrone of the Almighty Ruler of the Universe, underthe divine influence of the immortal Declarationof our fathers, that, throughout the length andbreadth of our land, slavery is dead! In all theseStates there is no more slavery, unless you wantit so; there is no slavery in Kentucky, unless youwant to be slaves. I believe, with our fathers, that"all man are created equal, and endowed by theirCreator with certain inalienable rights; amongwhich are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness."Heretofore you have been denied the privilege ofa joying these great blessings; but from now, henceforthand forever, you are free! you, and your children,and your broken families. slavery is dead free Hon.(?) Gid. Mallory is canvassing this State,stumping upon the platform for the future existenceof slavery and the rights of slaveholders. Follow-citizens,I tell you, in sincerity and truth, that thereis no more slavery in Kentucky. You must help yourselves. It you have comfortablehomes, and they who were once your mastersare kind to you, it is better that you remain withthem for a while, until you can see where you willbetter yourselves by leaving them. But, mark you!I believe a man should be paid a fair day's wagesfor a fair day's work. You are free now, if youwant to be; but you must help yourselves; don'tbesiege headquarters, asking me to help you, butact for yourselves; and when you really need myassistance, I will help you all I can. free If you are working for a man, and he refuses to payyou for your labor, quit working for him, and workfor the man that will pay you. If any man tellsyou that you belong to him, tell him you are as freeas he is; ask him to show you his patent from theAlmighty Ruler of the Universe for it; and if heshows it, why, then, of course you are his slave. To-marrow morning, when you dress yourselves,you may button your coats around a free man'sbody, and say, This body is now mine, and I dedicateit to the Almighty. And you, women, whenyou dress yourselves to-morrow morning, dress upin the new garments of freedom, and resolve neveragain to be slaves. You are as, free now henceforthand forever, as I am; but you must help yourselves—act for yourselves. I entered this war in the North-West, andmarched down through Missouri, taking part in theoperations around and siege of Island No. 10. Afterthe fall of that stronghold, we were sent to reinforceGen. Halleck in his advance on Corinth,after the rebels fled from there. I followed thetrack of war hither and thither through Tennessee,until we were pressed back from the Tennesseeriver. On our retreat, every white man we cameacross tried to deceive us, either by false informationof the whereabouts of the enemy, or the topographyof the country; whereas the "niggers" would alwaysact as guides, tell us the truth, and proved ourfriends always, The "niggers" would crawl intocamp at night, and give information where the rebelswere located; and it got to be such a commoncircumstance, that when I saw a nigger crawlinginto my camp, I knew it boded no good to the rebels!Events tramped upon the heels of events, and were pressed back into Kentucky, took the advanceagain, and, after the battle of Stone River, the niggersflocked in such crowds that I took one hundredand fifty of them, and mounted them as teamsters,and took one hundred and fifty more to helpthem. The rebels were very active then, and everyforaging party that was sent out was liable to beattacked. When I came in, Rosecrans said to me— I knew it boded no good to the rebels "Palmer, they say that you have three hundrednegro teamsters, and they run every time they heara gun fired; now, what do you think of them?" "Yes," said I, "they run, and hide behindstumps, in fence-corners, wherever anything presentsitself; but I do not blame them. They haveno arms to defend themselves nor teams, and theywould be foolish, more than men, if they did notrun. Give them arms to defend themselves with,and, my word for it, they will fight." "Palmer, you are right," said Rosecrans; "anyman, black or white, will run if he cannot fight—cannot protect himself." Not long since, I was over in Illinois, and a mansaid to me, "You are over there in Kentucky: whatdo you think about negro suffrage? I am opposedto it: the niggers have not sense enough to vote." I asked him if he thought it was foolish to be arebel, and wise to be loyal. "Oh, yes," said he. "Very well," said I; "all of those intelligent,wise white men were rebels—therefore foolish; andall of those senseless, ignorant niggers were loyal—therefore wise; and I am in favor of giving theright of suffrage to wise men." rebels foolish loyal wise They say that you will die if you become free,but I have never known freedom to kill any oneyet. Here is a man who has been free all hislife, and he does not look as though he had starvedto death, or been too lazy to earn a living. I have seen the master, oh, mother! watch day byday, month by month, year by year, the growth ofthe child you nourished, and calculate how much beincreased in wealth as your child increased in ageand strength. What do you suppose the niggersare worth in all Kentucky to-day? Here is a goodlynumber—we will say ten thousand. Now, we aregoing to have an old-fashioned auction sale: Howmuch do you offer for this crowd of fine, fat, healthyniggers? Do I hear one dollar? one dollar? onedollar? Now, my fellow-citizens, I will tell you—I would not give this cigar for all the niggers in Kentuckyas slaves. (Applause.) Slavery is dead—asdead as old Gid. Mallory who is stumping the Statefor the rights (?) of slaveholders! (Applause.) I would not give this cigar for all the niggers in Kentuckyas slaves. If any one has your children, go and get them.if they will not give them to you, steal them out atnight. I do not think you will be committing anycrime, nor do I believe the Almighty Ruler of theUniverse will think you have committed any. (Applause.)When I want to rob you, I will not stealyour babes, nor you, nor the sweat of your brows;but I will come at night when darkness hides theearth beneath its sable mantle, and rob you as youdid old massa's hen-roost. (Laughter.) If youwant to hire yourself out, go and do so; and if youare arrested, and put in prison, I will turn youout. (Applause.) Not long since, a man was arrested.For what, do you think? For stealingsome man's watch? No! For stealing someone's pocket-book? No! For arson? No! Formurder? No! Now I will tell you: he wanted tohire himself out to work, to support his wife andchildren! He was put in jail for desiring to work,the lazy, trifling nigger! Judge Johnson put himin jail, and I turned him out (applause) as soon asI found it out, and to-day he is as free as JudgeJohnson. I was in Washington city not long since, and, ina conversation with the President, I remarked,"They say that I am too radical out there in Kentucky,and they want me removed." I am too radical The President replied, "Gen. Palmer, you arethere, and know what is needed. Go back, and dowhatever you think is necessary, and I WILL BACKYOU UP IN IT!" (Loud, long, and continued applause—avoice proposed three cheers for the President,which were given with a will.) you arethere, and know what is needed. Go back, and dowhatever you think is necessary, and Gen. Palmer, resuming—You may well givecheers for the President; for I am abolitionist atall compared with ANDREW JOHNSON. I am abolitionist atall compared with NDREW OHNSON. In conclusion, let me inform you that now youare free—there is no more slavery in Kentucky;but, my fellow-citizens, you must help yourselves;you must resolve that you will be free. I may issueorders upon top of orders, and they will not beworth the paper upon which they are written, unlessyou act for yourselves. You must now work;you have families to support; your wives will needclothes; your children need books and an educationFreedom confers new obligatons, new responsibilities;you must be industrious and economical, andsave from your earnings a portion; and the day isnot far distant when you will be able to buy you alittle home, and gather the comforts of life aboutyou. Do not quarrel with the low and profligate,nor spend your earnings in coffee-houses nor foolishextravagance. Be honest, industrious, and respectful,and your way is clear. resolve that you will be free. When Gen. Palmer concluded, the whole vastaudience cheered, and waved banners, until thewhole forest seemed alive with the spirit of freedom.The band struck up the "Star Spangled Banner,"after which Gen. Brisbane, commander of all thecolored troops in Kentucky, addressed the audiencein a few pertinent and well-times remarks. Butmy letter is too long already, and I will come to aconclusion. Everything passed off in a satisfactorymanner.—Corr. Anglo-African. Corr. Anglo-African. 
