 MR. EDITOR: Having been born and broughtup among slaves—white, black, and mixed—and believingthat I know something of the Divine Institution,I desire, through your columns, to present afew facts in regard to negro suffrage. I take theground that the negro suffrage. I take theground that the negro should vote, 1st, because theeternal principles of justice demand it; 2d, becauseas a question of political economy it is a wise andexpedient measure that he should vote immediately. R. DITOR Divine Institution demand immediately. On my side I have precedent, authority, andsound reason. What is the precedent? Everyreader of history is aware that, in nearly all thecolonies at the breaking out of the American Revolution,the free negroes voted, and were sought afteras soldiers by both contending parties. Free negroesvoted in my native State (Tennessee) forthirty years. General Jackson called them fellow-citizens.Their votes were eagerly bid for by bothwhigs and democrats, and the only objection everurged against their voting was that it might havea demoralizing influence on the slaves. Hence thelaw enfranchising free negroes was repealed. Old Uncle Alexander Trimble, formerly a slaveof my grandfather, voted often in Tennessee. Hewas black as a tub of tar, and could neither readnor write. No objections were offered. But nowthe conservatives, and some of the very men forwhom he voted, say the negro should not vote. Andmen say this who have committed the black crimeof treason. Such men should rejoice that theymight now be allowed to vote for such black, menas Uncle Alexander, Regarding such men I manonly exclaim, O tempora! O mores Again, Massachusetts,the real Empire State of this Union, andNew York and other States have long allowed negroesto vote under certain restrictions. Why didour ancestors, and the wise legislators of the aforesaidStates allow the negro to vote? Plainly becauseper se it was right under our Declaration ofIndependence, and because the elevation of the negro,helped the general public. Why, then, thisfoolish croaking all over the country about the negro'scapacity to vote? There is but one answer.It is malicious. intelligent. or ignorantly mean prejudicesuch as the Celts over here are encrusted with. O tempora! O mores per se The universal right of suffrage, then beingfounded in justice, and backed up by such high authorityand precedence, and the negro havingachieved this right on the battle-field, and helped topreserve the life of the government in its hour ofutmost peril, I cannot see why that governmentshould hesitate one single instant to accord to himevery right given by our laws to every other Americancitizen. achieved One word as to the negro's capacity. The argumentis made that he is too ignorant. Very good;certainly not more so, to all intents and purposes,than the degraded white "niggers" of the South,and the illiterate Pats of the North. To remedythis, make a general law, a la Massachusetts, whichwill keep from the polls almost as many whites asblacks. a la But I know of my own knowledge, down even inthe swamps of Arkansas and on the cotton plantationsof Mississippi, the negro is very eager to learn,and I will add capable of it, after removing theiron heel. In the name of God and humanity, whyput any more fetters on him? One word more, Mr. Editor, and I have done.I have traversed, more or less, sixteen States ofour Republic—six slave the States and ten free ones.In all I watched the negro. In the free States,though encountering still much prejudice, I saw himcompare favorably with the whites—his personalappearance, his morality, etc., being as good as anyother race on an average, and better in every instancethan the lower class of Irish—and by theway, I am ashamed to say my ancestors were fromGreen Erin. In every free State, the negroes hadtheir churches and schools, paid their taxes, etc. How is it in the Slave States? They will riseand have risen as high as the tyranny of thepusillanimous spirit of slavery will allow them. Ihave them simply, in view of these facts, to ask as amatter of political economy, should not this race beallowed to vote, thus encouraging them. tractable asthey are, to add to the general wealth of the country,material and moral? Let me not be understood as Leaving out of viewthe poor whites of the South. Far from it. Mysympathies are mainly with them. I honestly believethe best way to improve the condition of the"poor white trash" is to enfranchise the negro, andthe two, pulling together, will teach, the nabobs ofthe South a lesson that their children's children willbe saved the trouble of learning,. In conclusion,universal, immediate rights under the law, and fiatjustitia, rual cæum! fiatjustitia, rual cæum justitia, rual cæum JAMES TRIMBLE. AMES RIMBLE. N.B. MR. EDITOR: I neglected to state, theimportant fact that I belonged to one of the firstfamilies of Tennessee, but now am R. DITOR important —Boston Traveller. Boston Traveller. EX-CHIVALRY. X HIVALRY. 
