 MOBILE, ALA., June 21, 1865. OBILE LA. I have come down to this part of the countrywith the intension of casting my lot with it for thefuture, and feel compelled to send you a line to tellof my impression of the people. I have been, forsome six weeks, in daily contact with Southern peopleof all political shades, and though I am a poortalker, I am a good listener, and not a very badhand at forming conclusions from great deal ofhearing. I came to the Gulf States full of veryfine theories about the necessity of educating thenegro before we could extend to him the privilegeof suffrage. He was ignorant; he was bigoted; hewas prejudiced; he could not be trusted with theprivileges of a voter until he had attained a certainstandard of education Well sir, I was never fartheraway from the truth in my life. I have listenedby the hour to the familiar, social, unrestrainedtalk of Southern people; and I have been sorry toconclude from all that I have heard, that the damnablehereby of the States-right doctrine, uponwhich, with imagined evils threatened to the institutionof slavery, they based their acts of secessionand rebellion, is as deeply rooted in their convictionsas it ever was. They have failed to establish thesuccess of their principles at the bayonet's pointand the cannon' mouth, but those principles lie asnear to the hearts of the great mass of them as ever;and true loyalty to the Government as constitutinga principle with the mass of the people at theNorth is entirely foreign to the breast of the of the massesin the South. The same hostility that was openlydisplayed in arms exists secretly in the breasts ofthe Southern people, and in ready at any time toexert itself, no longer in overt acts, but in everypossible pacific way to thwart the unity and theprogress of the Republic. On the other hand, thenegro has but one principle and one affection. Hisprinciple is that of devotion to the Union; his affectionheart whole for the cause that has restoredhim to manhood. No doubts of the justice of thecause cross him mind. No clouds of casuists' raisingobscure his vision. His instincts alone point out tohim the path be is to tread as free man, and pointit out unerringly. Who so safe to trust with theballot of a freeman as he? Can demagogues leadhim astray with arts and sophistries? I trow not.He may not know so much of book-learning as hispaler-skinned brother, but the he is less likely to be deceivedin what pertains to the advancement of allmembers of the human family, himself included.And if you could see, as I have seen the coloredpeople of these Southern citizen, sitting at theirdoor-steps, in the moonlight, on hot evenings, teachingeach other to spell and to count, regardless ofthe comments of those who passed by, you wouldnot be slow in coming to the belief that even thesupposed amount of education necessary to enablethem to vote intelligently will not be long wanting.I, for one, contrary to all my previous expectations,am fully convinced that the only safety for the Southis in the extension of free suffrage to the people ofall colors, and I mean to throw my self into the advocacyof this cause with all my energy. Far betteris the Instinct that teaches loyalty to the Unionthan the false education that makes States-righttraitors. Shall we trust the future of our countryto the instinct that inevitably leads to the right, orto the educated sophistry that inculcates what isfalse and ruinous? We are by no means ready for a reconstructionunder the domination of defeated but unconvincedtraitors. We have had a terrible war; let us nor,away its fruits. Let us have military governmentin the Southern States until the sentiment oftrue loyalty begins to be felt; or, if we must havecivil governments reconstructed, let those who haveevery cause to love the Union not be put aside,while its interests are confided to the hands of thosewho have been its open enemies.—Corr. of PhiladelphiaPress.  Corr. of PhiladelphiaPress. 
