 Extracts from the Message of Gov. Briggs to theLegislature of Massachusetts:— But for the unhappy war which still continuesbetween our country and Mexico, the last yearwould have been one of general and unalloyedprosperity to the people of the North Americanrepublic! Though, in that war, the scent of action and ofsuffering has been transferred from our own territoryto that of another country, yet the news ofvictory, on the borders, and in the interior of Mexico,has brought with it sorrow and woe to thousandsof bereaved ones, whose friends have fallenin battle. When shall the sword cease to devour,and the blood of our own citizens, and that of thecitizens of our sister republic, cease to flow? Nohuman forsight can predict that suspicious day. If the result of this war is to be the conquest ofthe whole, or a large portion of the territory ofMexico, and its annexation to this republic, theconsequences to be apprehended from such a result,to the peace and harmony of the people of theUnited States, are far more appalling then the waritself. The question whether the conquered territoryshall be free or slave territory, and in due timeformed into free or slaveholding states, alreadystrips up the minds of men, and of states in differentsections of this Union. There are indications,which cannot be mistaken, that, if this mementousquestion is forced upon the country, and its decisionrendered necessary, by the accession of foreignterritory, those who will take sides upon it are determinednot to recede from their position. Since the adoption of the federal constitution,foreign territory has been annexed to the UnitedStates, out of which five slave states have beenformed, and admitted into the Union; and one ofthose states embraces territory enough for as manymore. By their occupations and pursuits, and by theirunalterable opinions upon the political and moralnature of the institution of slavery, the people ofthe free states are effectually excluded from thecommon occupancy of a slave state, as the holdersof slaves are from living in a free state. Is it rightand just, for the friends of that institution to pressthe acquisition of more territory, to be carved outinto slave states? In the assertion of their own right, and in thevindication of what they regard as the spirit of theconstitution of the United States, and of the greattruth, proclaimed to the world in the declarationof independence, that 'all men are created equal,'ought not the people of the free States to say tothem, we desire no more territory; and if you insistupon it, and will have it, when it courses, itmust be free territory? Possessing a country large enough in extent, forhundreds of generations yet to come, with the fateof nations maddened by the lost of conquestspread out before us on the pages of history, withthe foreboding of that internal excitement, andthat fearful sectional array of parties, determinednot to yield their ground upon questions whichhave heretofore shaken this noble Union to its center,in full prospect, if new territory is to be acquired,is it patriotic, is it wise, for our nationalcouncils to push on this unfortunate war for purposesof conquest? Whether the territory of the enemy shall be conqueredunder the name of indemnity, or in thespirit of ambition grasping for more domain, whenpossessed, the question, shall it be free or slaveterritory, must be met and settled. I hazard nothing in saying, that the great bodyof this republic desire peace with Mexico—a peacejust and honorable to both parties. It would beneither just nor honorable in our government, todemand of Mexico, in her weak and distractedcondition, any terms of arrangement that it wouldnot demand of a nation in all respects our equal,and with which such a nation could not with selfrespect comply. The records of the past showthat unrestrained power always has a speciouspretext for its lawless exercise. Divided, prostrate,bleeding Poland, now in dismembered parts, agonizingunder the cruel wrongs inflicted upon herby her plunderers, is a melancholy illustration ofthis truth. The authors of her injustice havebrought upon themselves the endless detestation ofmankind. If this government should, because it has thephysical power to do so, march on to the subjugationor the dismemberment of Mexico, or wringfrom her terms, which it would not have demandedof that illustrious and powerful nation, with whichwe had, just previous to this war, arranged a difficultyof more complexity than that existing betweenus and Mexico, it would bring upon this republicthe deserved reproach of all just men, andbe sure, in the progress of our existence, to calldown upon us, or upon our children, the retributivejustice of Heaven. All the glory which heroic deeds and unsurpassedvalor can acquire in such a war, with such anenemy, has been acquired by our brave countrymen;but that glory has been won by a vast outlayof treasure, and melancholy sacrifice of humanlife. Through the channels of trade and of commerce,our expended millions may again bebrought back to enrich our citezens; but thoseregiments and brigades of dauntless and vigorousyoung men, who have poured out their blood upona foreign soil, or died of diseases under a hostileclimate, will return to more forever. The monarchs and despots of Europe look witha strange and intense interest upon this contestbetween the two principal republics of the sowworld. That august tribunal, the tribunal of mankind,out of respect to whose opinions our fathers, whenthey commenced their struggle for independence,felt bound to declare the reasons which impelledthem to take up arias against the present country,will pass judgment upon the sufficiency of thecauses which have led us now, when we are a numerousand powerful people, to prosecute a waragainst a feeble and poor neighbor. And that supreme Ruler of the world andsearcher of hearts, to whom they appealed for therectitude of their intentions and for the justice oftheir cause, will hold this people responsible forall the misery, blood, and guilt of this war, whichthey might have prevented, or which they ma nowprevent, by observing, in their conduct towardsMexico, that divine rule of action binding alikeupon individuals and upon nations, doing unto othersas we would that other should do unto us.' In countries whose rulers have usurped the government,and trampled upon the rights of the people,the responsibility of war and other governmentalacts, is thrown from the people upon theirrulers. But, in a government like ours, wherepublic officers are the chosen agents of the people,though those officers are amenable to their constituentsfor their official conduct, when that conductis approved by the people, the responsibilityrests on them. That the government of Mexico owes a debt ofsome five or six millions of dollars to the citizensof this country, which, by the laws of nations, itis bound to pay, and which ought to have beenpaid long ago, does not admit of a doubt. It isequally true, that, at the time of the rupture of thefriendly relations between the two governments,that debt was in the process of adjustment. Is itentirely clear that, in the differences between us,we have been quire faultless, on our part, and thatthere are no wrongs on our part, of which she hasa right to complain? Each government chargesupon the other the first act of war. If she, as is alleged, struck the first blow, and wereturned it in our own defence, have we, as thestronger party, carried the war no farther than, bythe just principles of defensive war, we mightcarry it? If hostilities were commenced, or are continuedon our part, because Mexico failed or neglected topay an honest debt, or to chastise her for an insultoffered to our government in refusing to receiveand accredit our public minister, may not the wisdomand humanity of the policy of expanding seventy-fiveor a hundred millions of dollars in prosecutingsuch a debt, and of sacrificing ten thousandlives in resenting such an insult, be gravely calledin question? The whole subject of this war belongs to thepeople of the United States. Their interest andcharacter are deeply involved in it. What is pastof it belongs to history; what is to come, dependsupon their government and upon themselves. 
