 We have abolitionists at the South as well as theNorth, but with this difference: one is practical,the other hypocritical. Slaves have been liberatedby their Southern owners by fifties—ay, by hundreds—andmeans furnished them to locate themselveswhere they thought best. For instance:John Randolph, of Roanoke, by his will, liberatedmore than a hundred slaves, and furnished themeans wherewith to purchase lands for them.The purchase was effected in the State of Ohio,by the executor of R., Judge William Leigh, andthe purchase money paid thereon. But whenthese slaves had gone to Ohio, to take possessionof their lands, the most strenuous opposition wasmade to their reception by the abolition populationof the State of Ohio. It was but a short time priorto this transaction, that such were the hostilefeelings between the States of Ohio and Kentucky,in consequence of the slaves being enticed awayfrom Kentucky and barbered in Ohio, and someof them passed over into Canada, that a borderwar, it was apprehended, was about to take place. abolition Who has known a northern abolitionist to puthis hand in his pocket, and liberate a slave? Butwe know that many slaves have been enticed awayfrom the South to the North. And, let me ask,what are they bettered by the change? In the firstplace, they are worked hard, and then, in manyinstances, defrauded of the small wages which arepromised them for their labor; and as the winterseason approaches, their condition is most miserable—wherethey perish to number for want ofthe common necessaries to sustain life; and thisin the midst of these false sympathies, as we areinformed by the Boston, New-York and Philadelphianewspapers; and I have not a doubt but theyspeak the truth. Many of the Northern States areunwilling to receive them. It is the last speciesof population which they desire to possess, becauseit exhibits more misery and supplies morematerials of vice and crime, in proportion to theirnumbers, than any other part of the community.and when they are received, they are treated withextremely and distrust. Who expects them to betreated as equals? I would not insult the refinedportion of the people by asking them if they arewilling to receive them on equal terms at their tablesor in their families? They are denied equalpolitical rights; and it was but the other day thata vote was taken in Connecticut upon a propositionto give them the right of suffrage, and submittedto the people, and indignantly rejected by animmense majority. If, then, the Northern peopleturn with scorn from this degraded class, can theymake no allowance for the Southern people, whoknow not what to do with their mush larger numbersif they were liberated? As Mr. Jefferson says,'As it is, we have the wolf by the ears, and wecan neither hold him, nor safely let him go.' Q.C. 
