 It was our happiness last week to attend thissplendid exhibition of anti-slavery industry, taste,skill, elegance and beauty, held in Faneuil Hall,Boston. From representations which we hadheard, and descriptions which we had read, ourexpectations were very high; but, high as theywere, they were more than gratified. On enteringthe vast and venerable hall, the manner and grandeurof its decoration reminded us strongly of someold, but beautiful Gothic cathedrals through whichwe have had the pleasure to pass. For the specialdecoration of the hall, it would seem that almost ayoung forest of evergreens had been stripped ofits foliage. Bowers, arches, wreaths, and beautifulchains of it, were displayed in all directions;the long range of pillars supporting the capaciousgalleries on either side, and the upper range aroundthe gallery, reaching the ceiling, were all elegantlytrimmed with evergreen; and between the pillarsin the gallery, rising from the breastwork aroundit, were finely modeled forms of arches and windowsof the old Gothic order, all of which werebeautifully dressed in living green. Across thehall, in various directions from side to side, werechains of evergreen, meeting and crossing immediatelyunder a large and luminous gas light chandelier,which, when lighted, grandly reflected thecharm which nature always lends to works of art.In the centre of the hall was a large table forminga circle, piled with rich and beautiful articles, toonumerous to mention. This, too, was all surroundedand decorated with evergreen, in every gracefulshape and form which genius, skill, and fancy,could invent. On either side, and all around thistable, were tables connected from one end of thehall to the other, and only divided from each otherby multitudinous forms of living green rising betweenthem. Some of the more youthful of theladies wore wreaths of evergreen about their heads,as if determined to be in unity with the naturaland artificial beauty surrounding them. It would be pleasant to be in such a place atany time, but to be there in the glorious cause ofrighteous liberty, surrounded by the old and triedfriends of the cause; meeting and conversing withmany of them for the first time since our returnfrom England: witnessing the ardor of their zeal,and gathering light and life from their lofty communications,made it a delightful occasion to us,and one which we could wish every friend of theslave could share. England, Ireland, Scotland,and Wales, were all represented. The varioususeful, rich, elegant and beautiful works fromthose countries, deepened, in our mind, the earnestsincerity and devotion to our cause, which oftenfilled our hearts with grateful admiration duringour sojourn in those lands. Noble was the devotionand great the industry that sent those beautifulworks to our shores, and laid them on the purealtar of Christian Philanthropy. Every articlewas a silent but powerful pleader in behalf of theAmerican slave, and a telling rebuke of the guiltyslaveholder of the South, and the much moreguilty allies of the North. The women of monarchicalEngland, pleading with their sisters in republicanAmerica, to quit the infernal practice oftrading in the bodies and souls of men, and makingmerchandise of the bodies of their sable sisters;and this, too, in old Faneuill Hall, the 'Cradleof Liberty,' the birth-place of American independence—wherewas nursed the young spirit ofthe revolution, and where now hang the picturesof Washington, Adams, Hancock, Warren andothers, who seventy years ago sought a British Kingin defence of American liberty! Scotland, too,joins the appeal with the names of her forty thousanddaughters. What a rebuke is here! In looking upon the labors of the dear friendsat home as well as abroad, we felt abashed by theirsuperior devotion. We never feel more ashamedof our humble efforts in the cause of emancipation,than when we contrast them with the silent,unobserved, and unapplauded efforts of thosethrough whose constant and persevering endeavorsthis usual exhibition is given to the AmericanPublic. Anti-slavery authors and orators may besaid to receive compensation for what they do, inthe applause which most, sooner or later, redoundto them; but not so with the thousands whoseworks of use and beauty adorn this falt. It is forthem to work, unnoticed and unknown, and sometimesunenquired for; and many of them unable tosee the good that results from their efforts. Evidentlyno sinister motive can enter into such action;and yet—noble souls they!—they have agreat and glorious reward. Te consciousness ofhaving does something towards releasing fromcruel bondage, even our sister, and the gratitudeof that sister going up is glory to God for deliverancefrom thralldom, is a happiness to the puremind, which as far transcends that derived fromthe praise of men, as heaven transcends earth,and eternity, time.' Let proud pro-slavery congregationsget up fairs to build and beautify theirchurches; let them labor to cushion their pears,carpet their floors, and ornament their pulpits;they may indeed reap the reward that results fromthe exercise of skill and industry, but the thoughtmust come, after all, we have worshipped our-slaves,rather than God; we have been looking toour own mass and comfort, rather than relievingthose who are unable to help themselves. suchpersons know nothing of the holy satisfaction consequentupon unselfish labor and effort in behalfof the hated and enslaved of our land. This isemphatically the great religious movement of theday—one in which the laborer is taught to look tothe source of all good for reward. The history ofthe Boston Fair is interesting, instructive and encouraging.It shows what may be accomplishedby unwavering fidelity, unfaltering industry, andpatient devotion to a good cause. The first ofwhich (this is the fourteenth fair,) was held, webelieve in a small room No. 46, Washingtonstreet. At that time few ventured to attend it, andfewer to assist it. A few ladies only were willingto encounter the odium of attending such a place.Fourteen years have passed away, and our fair, afterworking its way through the lower rooms ofMarlborough Chapel, and the more commodiousAmory Hall, finds place in the 'old cradle of liberty'and large as is the cradle, this fourteenyear's growth is becoming too large for it. Thefact is, our fair is becoming one of the most popularand genteel exhibitions of the year. We are glad ofits prosperity, not because we love popularity, butbecause of the change in public opinion which itindicates. We know that imputations have beencast upon those who act most prominently in conductingthis fair. It is said that they seek popularity,and play into the hands of the Beacon streetaristocracy. This insinuation is base. Wherehas aristocracy, cotton-ocracy or slave-oocracy receivedmore faithful rebukes, within the last fewweeks, than in the Liberator of Boston? What amount of money was realized by the fair,we do not know: probably not so much this yearat last. Our money, like our country's honer, isbeing squandered on our hired assassins in Mexico,and the one is becoming about as scares as theother. The scarcity of money will account for adecrease (if there be any) of the proceeds of thefair this year. But, be the sum little or much, it isin goods, and will be faithfully appropriated to thedissemination of light on the subject of slavery;and we are sure it will do much toward disposingthe public mind favorably to the cause. The Bazaar itself was a sort of anti-slaverymeeting. several evening were devoted to addressesfrom well known anti-slavery speakers, allof whom were listened to with surprising attention,consideration the many attractions in other directions.It was our lot to make the last anti-slaveryspeech in Faneuil Hall on the last night ofthe old year. 
