 George Thompson, Esq.—who, in the year 1835,was assailed in Boston by a mob of 'gentlemen ofproperty and standing,' for the crime of attendinga social meeting with the awful intent of participatingin discussions relative to the only sacredinstitution of America, viz: Slavery—is now amember of the British Parliament. During thepresent year, he has been honored with the freedomof the city of Edinburgh, accompanied by acomplimentary and congratulatory address fromthe mayor; and there are few men in the realm inwhom centre more of the hopes of the masses ofthe English population than in him. He long agogave unquestionable evidences that he was a goodthan, and the proofs are rapidly accumulating thathe is, also, a great one. In him, the qualities ofthe serpent and dove seem to be harmoniouslyblended. His objects are pure, lofty and magnificent,ad his plans have all the reach and dignityof the most profound statesmanship. The barbarousinstitution of Slavery—so feebly comprehendedby the people of the United States—has revealeditself, in all its forms, to hi persevering application.His experience in New England—wherebraggart freedom veils a most disgraceful, becausewilling, servitude—has taught him, that the influenceof slavery is not confined to the soil which itblasts, but that it extends with the aegis of the governmentwhich recognizes it; mingles its foulbreath with the airs of freedom,' and stamps its hideousimage upon the manners, laws and religionof the whole people. We have, at present, to do with another matter;but we cannot avoid a single reflection upon thepicture presented by these facts. We see GeorgeThompson—the efficient friend of millions of thecheated and oppressed of India, and of millions ofthe stolen and enslaved of America—with loftymein and daring energy—with an intellect inspiredby the grandeur and glory of his subject, and aneloquence as ardent and persuasive as Chatham's,and as gorgeous and magnificent as Burke's thundering—andeffectually, too—from the benches ofthe British Parliament, in behalf of the rights andliberties of nearly one-half the human race. Webehold him, the hope and reliance of myriads ofbeings, sustained by their prayers, armed withtheir cries of want and suffering, and blessed withtheir gratitude. On the other hand, his mobocraticassailants—blind tools in the hands of dealers inwomen and children—where are they? Let thestreets and prisons—let almshouses and dishonoredgraves—answer. Mr. Thompson has recently addressedhis constituents upon the great question towhich he proposes chiefly to devote himself inParliament, viz: 'Free trade with India in relationto the condition and prospects of England.'This question is scarcely less important its bearingsupon the interests and institutions of thiscountry, than upon those of England and India:and in this broad and comprehensive light is itviewed and advocated by its indefatigable author.We shall make use of his speech is presenting abrief statement of it. The object is at once theregeneration of the swarming millions of BritishIndia, by removing the burdens which oppressthem, and reviving and stimulating their industry;the destruction of the African slave-trade, and ofnegro slavery itself in the United States, Brazil, andwhoever it exists; and also to improve the conditionof the laboring population of the BritishIslands, by creating vast markets in the East. Thisis the grand and mighty purpose. GEONOX THOMPSON'S SPEECH. We make noapology for occupying our entire outside with thisspeech. To have omitted to print it would havebeen a wrong to the noble heart that conceived,and the eloquent lips that gave it utterance, aswell as to the great cause it is so well calculatedto sulrve. We rejoice with the three millionsin bonds, that the 'bow' of our eloquent friend yetabides in strength; and that with the speech beforeus, he was sent another arrow into the monster,Slavery, which must do much toward shorteninghis existence.—[North Star. EONOX HOMPSON'S PEECH.  SPEECH BY GEORGE THOMPSON. A late Liberatorcontained in full an exceedingly eloquent speechon the affairs of India, delivered in London byGeorge Thompson, the well-known abolitionist, recentlyelected to the Parliament of England. Theobject of the speech is to show the capacity of Indiato supply England with hall the raw material,especially cotton, which is needed in her manufacturingoperations, and the relation of the wholesubject to the abolition of slavery and the slave-trade.The speech is one of the great power, clear,logical and eloquent. The facts seem to be indisputable,derived as they are from official sources.—Salam Observer. PEECH BY EORGE HOMPSON. Salam Observer. 
