 The Boston Recorder 'has the pleasure to announce,that the Rev. Dr. Waterbury, of that city,will, in their next paper, commence a series of articleson the subject of slavery.' We confess ourwonder that so many ministers should think ittheir duty, in these days, to write a 'series of articles'upon a subject which has been discussedand hammered and mobbed, until every thingwhich could be said, has been said a thousandtimes,—1 subject, too, which must continue to bediscussed, in its events and management, until itceases to exist. Slavery was abolished as a curse,an abomination, throughout New-England, longyears ago. What else in thought of it now? Whatnew opinion has been formed about it? In ourjudgment, public sentiment has not been advancedone inch by all that has been done. The odium ofcolor, the real degradation of the negro race, hasnot been abolished in a single free State. Thereis no one of them in which the public sentimentis not more unkind towards the negro, than it isin any slaveholding State. Where are negroes recognizedas men equal to the whites? Where dothey vote upon the great rule of individual humanright? A grading pittance of justice, dealt outfrom domineering and arrogant hands, is all theycan obtain. There is not a spot in all the freeStates in which a respectable white girl couldmarry the most respectable man with on dropof negro blood in his veins, without beingturned out of white society for her rebellion againstpublic sentiment. When such a state of thingsexists towards free blacks after such protracteddiscussion, we are in a poor position to discussslavery; certainly with the violent imputations ofwrong towards slaveholders, which have so generallycharacterized Northern discussion. We allagree to the verdict against slavery, which any oneof its enemies will bring in. 'So say you, Mr.Foreman; so say you till, gentlemen,' shall haveour unanimous and instantaneous assent. We willhang it, drown it, or burn it, any thing you ask, wewill decree. then, what more do the wise mencontemplate? The best men of the slaveholdingStates, the wiremen, the pious men, the throughabolitionists, beg us at the North to cease the agitationof this subject. This assure us unanimously,that our agitation creates a prejudice which paralyzestheir efforts. They say that abolition violencehas for the time tainted and poisoned Northernopinions, so that even in the bitter spiritwhich now prevails, nothing but a pro-slavery effectis produced by our anti-slavery discussions.We know that the anti-slavery discussions.We know that the anti-slavery bitterness has takensuch deep root in many of the New-Englandchurches, that the pastors (many of without plattedthe root themselves) are teasend and scolded becausethey do not 'come out' against the awful sinof slavery. How many of them write for the papers,and so do mischief for the sake of pacifyingdomestic tempers, we cannot say. That may bea good reason in some cases, and if any ministeror layman has anything to say which has not beenand at least a thousand times, we will not objectto his saying it until that number is made up. Nordo we intend to say that slavery is not a subject tobe discussed. But we have a right to show toNorthern men, that their discussions are mischievous.If we think them so. This is as much ourright, as any part of the discussion is the right ofany one. We said that the subject much continue to bediscussed in its events. The incidents which occurin reference to it, will not only keep up a discussion,but an agitation. In calm discussion, weare glad to see the good old days of Colonizationamong up again, and taking a lead as it did yearsago. The people of South are carrying on adiscussion among themselves, and trying to recoverthe position which they occupied twenty yearsago. why not listen, as far as the abstract questionis concerned at least, to the men there whoare striving to bring about some measure for therenewal of the intolerable burthen from them?Of the sincere desire of Mr. Clay and his associationin Kentucky, for instance, to abolish slavery inthat State, there can be no doubt'. It seems to us,that standing as they do, they have a right toclaim that their advice should be heeded and respectively. The physical and moral progressof the world is pressing harder and headerupon slavery. This progress must and will be discussedin all its tendencies. There is enough todo in connexion with events, and in striving toguide them right. The anti-slavery agitation, conductedas it has been, has been the worst thingfor the interest of religion at the North, whichthose interests have endured for half a century.The great mases of religious people have becomeutterly sick of it. We wish the ministers were assuck as the people. Many of them are.  
