 As the present number of the Liberator is the lastthat will be issued before the time for holding theannual meeting of the Massachusetts Anti-SlaverySociety shall have transpired, we improve the occasionto say a few words (surely many are not necessary)to the members and friends of the Societyin the various parts of the Common wealth. A good cause should ever awaken more seal, inspiremore enthusiasm, induce to greater sacrifices,and lead to mightier efforts, than a bad one. Indeed,a bad cause should find do support whatever. Yetwhat a contrast between the energy of the friendsof war, and that of the friends of peace!—betweenthe activity of the advocates of perpetual slavery,and that of the advocates of immediate emancipation!Is a convention to be held to nominate Gen.Taylor, the bull dog of Slavery, or Henry Clay, orany other notorious and equally unprincipled person,for the Presidency? What earnestness of spirit,what determination of purpose, is witnessed on thepart of his supporters! Is a convention called to arrestthe program of despotism, to atop the sheddingof innocent blood, to deliver three millions of ourcountrymen from a horrible captivity? How slowlydo the friends of freedom and emancipation move!How easily do they find excuses to prevent their attendance!What special humility do many of themexhibit, just at that hour, is declaring that theirpresence would be of no consequence—as, peradventure,they are not public speakers, and each of themwould only be the addition of one to the number, andone can be spared without any perceptible diminutionof the aggregate on such an occasion! All this is inexcusable, and most injurious to thecause which is struggling again at fearful odds, andwhich needs all the succor that can possibly be givento it. It serves to encourage the enemy; it prolongsthe conflict with oppression; it prevents theachievement of many victories. Alas! 'the childrenof this world are in their generation wiser than thechildren of light.' Strange that it should be so. Most certainly, the faithful labors of the anti-slaverylecturers in this Commonwealth, during thepast year, have not been in vain. In season and outof season, (if there can be an out of season,) theyhave spoken 'words that breathe, and thoughts thatburn.' Many old friends of the cause have thanbeen quickened, and many new friends secured inits behalf. There is every reason, therefore, to hopeand believe that the attendance at the annual meetingwill be unusually large and enthusiastic. Letall come who can, (remember how great are the rail-roadfacilities,) and come TO ACT. One of ourmost vigilant and efficient coadjutors, in a privatenote, referring to the meeting, says— 'I think that we often find individual present atthe annual meeting, sufficiently well disposed togive or pledge money, who yet do not like to takeaction, without consultation with parties not present;no the time for giving passes away, and nothing issubsequently done. Would it not be well to preparefor the next Liberator, some appeal to the abolitionistsfor pecuniary aid to meet the present claims ofthe cause, and a statement of the importance of theservants of the Society knowing, at the opening ofthe year, upon what amount of money they mightcertainly rely? It might be suggested, that delegatesand members of Anti-Slavery Societies, 'andladies' sewing circles, &c. should come prepared tomake pledges; and that all who come to share withus the pleasure which the eloquent advocates of theslave afford to their listeners, and do nothing to aidthem, seem willing to bind heavy burdens uponothers, which they themselves refuse to touch. come prepared tomake pledges A suggestion was made, last year, which produceda very favorable impression on all whom it reached,—inviting all who could not be present, to send theamount saved by staying at home. This, I am happy tolearn, was done in many instances. If country societiesand social circles were aware of the case withwhich fifty or a hundred dollars can be raised forthe Massachusetts Society in most of their localities,they would not hesitate to pledge these and largersums. I think they will make such pledges, if theyhave the subject under consideration before the meeting.I thought of this last year, when observingthe doubt and hesitation among country friends asto what they should do is the matter of pledges, andmeant to have mentioned it earlier. One Liberatoronly remains before the meeting—but that will besufficient' to send theamount saved by staying at home. will before We have preferred publishing this note, with itsvaluable suggestions, to making any remarks of ourown. Who needs further entreaty? 
