 A quarterly meeting of the above Society assembled,pursuant to notice, on the 1st and 2d instant,(Saturday and Sunday,) in the town hall at Abington. Owing to the extreme inelemency of the weather,the morning session was not very fully attendedhowever quite a goodly number of the 'faithfuland the true' were present. The meeting was called to order by the Presidentof the Society, Elmer Hewitt, of Hanson. After some preliminary remarks by the President,prayer was offered, in a sincere and feeling manner,by Mr. Hewitt; after which, an interesting discussionwas bad, on matters in general, in which thePresident, Parker Pillsbury, Lewis Ford, e. Richmondand others participated. Elbridge Sprague, Capt. Harlow of Plymouth,and Lewis Ford, were chosen a Committee on Finance. Samuel Dyer, E.E. Bennett and Ruses Bateswere chosen a committee on the time, manner andplace of holding the next quarterly meeting. The following persons were chosen a commitèeto report on the manner in which the funds of theSociety should in future be appropriated—viz: Capt.John Corthell, Lewis ford and Elijah Richmond,They reported accordingly, and their report was accepted. The committee on the time, manner and place ofholding the next quarterly meeting, made the followingreport—viz. That the next quarterly meeting of the Society heholden in Plymouth, commencing on the first Saturdayevening in April next, and ending on the followingSunday evening. On the adaptation of this report, a very animatedand interesting discussion arose, in which R. Thayer,L. ford, P. Pillsbury, S.S. Foster, E.E. Bennett,Samuel May, Jr. and others participated. Thequestion of discussion was whether the Societyshould hold their future meetings on one, or two,days of the week; and also whether one of thosedays should be the Sabbath. Some were for commencingthe meeting on Friday evening, and endingon Sunday evening. After a very through investigationof the question, the report of the Committeewas adopted, nearly unanimously. Sabbath. The following resolution was offered by R. Thayer,and passed unanimously, and also with a determination,on the part of the Society, to carry out thesentiments which it contains—viz: Whereas, the great mass of the people of Massachusettsneed light upon the intrinsic character ofAmerican Slavery, which we can only impartthrough the public press, therefore. intrinsic Resolved, That we, the abolitionists of PlymouthCounty, will aid in sustaining the board of theMassachusetts Anti-Slavery Society in extendingthe circulation of such works upon this subject as itshall deem best adapted to awaken a more generalinterest in the sacred cause of human liberty. Parker Pillsbury presented the following resolutions,the discussion of which occupied the greaterparts of the time of the meeting—viz: Resolved, That the present degraded condition ofthis Commonwealth,  in the dust before thefootstool of Southern tyranny, a subdued provinceof the Slave power that governs the country, is ascandal on the memory of the puritans, whose virtuesand sacrifices consecrated the rock of Plymouthon the altar of Religious Principle; and an insultingmockery to the heroism of the brave men who hallowedBunker Hill as the Mount Calvary wherethey shed their blood in the cause of civil liberty.  Resolved, That the Senators and Representativesin Congress from Massachusetts, for the last tenyears, have every one of them proved basely recreantto the interests of their constituents; have betrayedthem into the hands of the south, and showedthemselves the truckling minions of the enslavers ofthree millions of their countrymen. Resolved, That since the North is thus sold toSlavery by giving the South a majority already inthe Senate of the United States, and the prospect ofa majority in the House of Representatives, our onlypossible salvation is in Revolution, moral and peaceful,or violent and bloody, as the wisdom and prudenceof the age shall determine and direct. moral and peaceful violent and bloody Resolved, That the name of Liberty thus betrayed,of Justice thus trampled in the dust, of humanityshrinking in chains, and of God dishonored anddefined, we demand the DESTRUCTION OF THIS GOVERNMENT,and will not fail to seek it, by everymeans sanctioned by the laws of the righteous Rulerof the Universe. The above resolutions elicited a very interestingdiscussion, in which S.S. Foster, Parker Pillsbury,Samuel May, Jr., Richard Thayer, E. Richmond,L. Ford and others took an active part. The resolutionswere subsequently adopted. The closing evening session was principally occupiedby S.S. Foster, in presenting his views ofthe duty of abolitionists to carry their principlesout by voting at the ballot box for disunion candidates.He presented them with energy and ability.He was replied by Pillsbury, May and others,with equal energy and ability. The meeting of the Society on Sunday, notwithstandingthe unfavorable weather, was fully attended.Had the weather been favorable, the metingwould have been crowded. Amount collected, $14 70—6 50 of which werepaid over to the Massachusetts Society. Our thanks are due to our worthy friends, L.Ford and E. Richmond, for their generous hospitalityand kindness, manifested not only in words, butis deeds. deeds. At half past 9 o'clock, the meeting adjourned, sidis. H.H. BIGHAM, sidis.  South Abington, Jan. 8, 1848. S'y. S'y.  The N.Y. Evangelist says that three large steamers,from 200 to 300 horse power have been fittedout at Bahia for the slave trade. One has arrivedon the West coast of Africa, embarked 900 slaves,and escaped from the brig of war Sea-Lark during acalm. 
