 'There is nothing in the world more detestablethan the cant of philanthropy which justices andapplauds what is in itself indefensible on the presumption—oftentimes a very violent presumption—that the results may be favorable to humanity.And yet, in our international politics, there isnothing more common. Aggression comes in witha smile; violence with bow of politeness. Ifwe subjugate a new people, we do it for their good.If we appropriate a new empire, it is only a greatact of philanthropy. Like the Irishmen who'meets with a friend, and for love knocks himdown,' we prostrate the independence of ourneighbors our of the very fullness of our love andcommiseration. We talk about the light of civilization,and let it in upon the benighted throughthe riddlings of our grape and canister. 'We enforce our Christianity at the bayonet'spoint, and with a flourish of durms and trumpets.We talk about commerce, and open the navigationof great rivers with the prows of our rampant warsteamers. We are eloquent on the subject of justicesto the oppressed, and send the old rulers ofthe country to pine in loathosome exiles and imprisonment. 'All this and much more history tells us we havedone out of the plenitude of our disinterested humanity.Starting with the proposition that we arebetter judges then our neighbors of what is goodfor them, and better able to manage their own affairs,we assume the character of universal delivers,and bring all sorts of people in the east andin the west—from the banks of the Indus to thebanks of the St. Lawrence—under our protection,as wards in Chancery, congratulating ourselves allthe time upon the magnanimity of our achievements.'—London Times. London Times. The beauties of war are to be truly seen wherewar has done his work—in his bloody undress ofwounds and gashes. Now, folks, with pen, ink,and paper, are apt to prank the ogres in gold andscarlet, with not a feather ruffled—trim and pointdevice; war a review. When the sergeant gullsthe recruit, he talks of glory; but not a word ofwooden legs. Nevertheless, soldiers—man whose fields havebeen other than foolscap—are themselves apt tostrip their trade to the naked truth. 'It must beconfessed, gentlemen,' said Sir Harry Smith, someweeks since, when feasted by old soldiers at theThatched House, 'that ours is a damnable profession.'No veteran denied the desolate verity. 'Ours is a damnable profession!' This wouldbe a significant sentence, painted in blood-red lettersin every mess room. 'Ours is a damnableprofession!' Very hard, but very true syllablesthese, fluttering in the silken field of every regimentalbanner. In conclusion, will our American brethren—whohave, we think, somewhat harshly dealt with ouropinions on the Mexican calamity—admit to theircolumns this, our part defence? We ask this,and think we hear from across the Atlantic—'Yes.'—Douglas Jerrold's Journal. Douglas Jerrold's Journal. The war spirit is not dead in Europe; and republicanAmerica, the nice respecter of all men'sequality, the pattern and patron of free institutions,and the enemy of monarchical, oppressive, andbloody despotisms, now bids for precedence in thetemple of Mars, and claims, at the point of thesword, a free passage to every tanted field withinher reach. We had once thought that the UnitedStates would prove to be one of the first of themighty nations, under the shelter of free institutionsand the power of the gospel, in break swordsinto ploughshares and spears into pruning-books;but she has inured her children to trample on thesons and daughters of Africa; and now she hastraced out a path of blood, and fired their bosomswith ambition to pursue it, that they may occupy alofty niche in the temple of fame, amongst thebloody nations that have delighted in war.—GlasgowChristian News. GlasgowChristian News. HORRIBLE. A Maryland paper publishes thefollowing extract from a letter of a 'HancockBoy,' now serving in the ranks of the army inMexico. It is dated at Mexico, No. 17, 1847.—How completely does war transform men into demons!He says: ORRIBLE. 'I myself got a buckshot through the check andappear lip, also a piece of one of my friends' skullbones running into the other check, and pointing outat the eye—but, thank God, I have now got well:but worse than all, a twelve pound shot struck mygun, and blew it all to atoms out of my hands. Ipicked up another, belonging to a man who hadjust had his head blown off, and kept up shootinguntil I went into the city, where I was chosen asone of Gen. Worth's body guard, and took up quartersis the Halls of Montezuma for the night,where I laid the wearied limbs of a soldier to rest.You may be assured of that, after losing threenights' sleep and driving the Greasers from Molinodel Rey, from the great castle of Chepultepec, fromthe fort Cause way, and from the gates of the city,by slaughtering and killing them like hogs at a butchering.' skullbones running into the other check, and pointing outat the eye slaughtering and killing them like hogs at a butchering. GOVERNOR SMITH OF VIRGINIA, who has distinguishedhimself in a former message, by themonstrous propositions which he made in regardto the colored population of the States, pursues thesame subject in his recent message to the Legislature.He declares that the happiest state of thenegro is slavery, and that freedom degenerates anddemoralizes him. He admits that as populationincreases, slave labor grows unprofitable, and hencethe condition of the slave becomes less comfortable.He argues, therefore, the necessity of anoutlet for the slaves of the old States, and saysthat in the absence of such outlet, the mastersthemselves must be driven out. He demands,therefore, the annexation of new territory for thepurpose of providing places for the superabundentslave population of the South, and he recommendsa new the deportation of the free negro populationof the State. The Governor stigmatizes them asthoughtless, idle and vicious, recommends theirdeportation by counties to Liberia, or to someother country where slavery does not exist. Hedefends this proposition from the charge of cruelty,and argues at length the humanity as well as thepolicy of the plan. One general sentiment of indignationreplied to this proposition when it wasfirst proposed by Governor Smith, and we havetoo much confidence, in the sense of justice whichpervades every part of the country to doubt that asimilar reception awaits it now.—Press. Journal. OVERNOR MITH OF IRGINIA slavery Press. Journal. ☞ The Nashua Telegraph speaking of somegentlemen who has lately died, says he was 'abeliever in Christianity as he understood it.' Thisis as great a compliment at one of the Locofoco papersgave to Mc. Polk, when he was nominated forPresident. It said he was 'a very pious man forhis section of the country.' 
