 We present on our first page, the decision of JudgeCooklin, in the case of the Syracuse rioters, in which,other boarding them ever for trial, he administers somevery wholesome advice to higher law rebels and farmers—the more effective, perhaps, as coming froma source which has been supposed to be rather insympathy with Abolitionism. We also present, onthe same page, a pithy charge of Judge Nelson, atAlbany, on the same subject, a copy of which wasrequested for the press by several distinguished membersof the bar, as being eminently appropriate tothe present exigency. It will be noticed that WilliamH. S, who represents the State of NewYork in the Senate of the United States, went balfor all the prisoners, and, if correctly reported bythe Syracuse Journal, (a paper devoted in his interests,)took occasion to remark that he 'did not supposethat such  act could be regarded as a recognitionof the moral obligation of the Fugitive SlaveLaw.' When men who are honored with the highestoffices within the gift of our people, thus wantonlythrow their influence on the side of the rebellion, whatwonder that there should be resistance to the laws,and that the blood of faithful officers should be shedwhile attempting to enforce them. The 'moral'guilt of Seward in this matter appears to us scarcely,if at all loss than that of the prisoners. But hehas violated no positive law, and so will escape thepunishment he deserves. As if to make the affairsupremely ridiculous, as well as wicked, a lot ofSyracuse women, several of them in Bloomer dress,accompanied the prisoners to Auburn, and were invitedby Seward, in company with the prisoners, tohis residence, where they were cordially entertained.The whole motley group, (negroes and all, we presume.)moved in procession. The remarks of theAlbany Register, which we subjoin, on the conductof Governor Seward, are as just as they are severe.—V.Y. Journal of Commerce. WilliamH. S    V.Y. Journal of Commerce. BLOOMERISM AND ABOLITIONISM. When the lattersentiment finds a lodgment in the female bosom,is not unfrequently delights to exhibit itself in theopposite extremities. It was so on the examinationof the Syracuse rioters and rescures, before JudgeConklin. It is said that on the last day, among thecrowd in the court room, were several ladies fromSyracuse, dressed in the Bloomer costume, who createdconsiderable excitement, they being the 'observedof all observers.' One of them was the wifeof Moses Sumner, one of the prisoners. In the afternoon,the Bloomers promenaded the streets escortedby gentlemen.—Albany Argus. LOOMERISM AND BOLITIONISM. Albany Argus. SPUNK! Some thirty or forty ladies—the wives,relatives or intimate friends of those implicated inthe Syracuse rescue—attended the preliminary examinationbefore Judge Conklin. They returnedyesterday. Therew was a gentleman in the cars withthem, whose official position made it incumbent uponhim to take a prominent part in the prosecution. Butthe ladies did not deem this a sufficient excuse. Theyaccordingly got up and signed a request, that hewould seek some other car to ride home in! Norwere they contenet with this. The determined, formally,to collect 'thirty (three cent) pieces of silver,'and present them to him, as 'the price' of his services!None but enraged women would have conceivedso cruel a punishment for a fancied wrong.—Evening Journal. PUNK Evening Journal. We are credibly informed, that on Monday, whenJudge Conklin delivered his opinion, about a hundredAbolitionisets, from Syracuse and Auburn, composedof men and women, many of the latter inBloomer dresses, were present, and that after Gov.Seward had become bail for the parties bound over,the motley group of males and long and short skirtedfemales, by his invitation, formed a procession andescorted the released prisoners to his house, wherethey were treated to a most gracious and hospitablereception. This conduct on his part, can be regardedin no other light, than as an indirect censure ofthe decision of Judge Conklin, a public expressionof sympathy for persons bound over to answer tothe charge of a criminal offence of no ordinary urpitude,and and approval of the sentiments and principlesof the fanatical group which formed their escort.We deeply regret that a United States Senatorfrom New York, and former chief magistrate ofthe State, should have so far forgotten what is dueto a decent self-respect, to his high position, to publicopinion, and the laws and Constitution of hiscountry, as to take the lead in such a miserable anddegrading exhibition. We allude to the subject ina spirit of sorrow, not of anger—with feelings ofdeep humiliation, and not for the purpose of heapingobloquy upon Gov. Seward. We are sure that oncalm are reflection, his own sense of propriety will leadhim to regret the undignified course in which he indulged,and the pernicious example, which, in whatmust have been an unguarded moment, he has set beforehis fellow citizens. We trust the course ofthose presses, which have so industriously fomentedresistance to the fugitive law, and stirred up sedition,has not his deliberate sanction; that he does not approvethe Syracuse outrage, and seek to protect itsperpetrators from the penalties of the law; thathe would not designedly bring a higher court ofjustice into disrepute, and that least of all does hehold sentiments in common and sympathize with thatdemented crowd whom he invited to his mansion.  For the honor of the city and of the State in whichit is located, we deplore the occurrence of such anexhibition in Auburn, scarcely less than the outrageat Syracuse. We hope that the organs of the exhibitors,will not seize upon the fact that it has ledto such an uncouth scene, as another argument whythe law should not be executed. It would, however,be a piece with the rest of their reasoning. Andmost sincerely do we hope that it will not be repeatedupon invitation of a United States Senatoer.—AlbanyRegister. AlbanyRegister. A few weeks ago, those Northern papers havingabolition tendencies and sympathies were contendinglustily for the right to discuss the Fugitive SlaveLaw. It was conceded to them, and they set aboutpreaching resistance to that law. They stirred upmobs to oppose its execution and treat governmentofficers. In two instances, the law has beenviolently trampled under foot, and high crimes committedagainst the State and national sovereignties.These same presses now claim that the criminal perprashall go unpunished. They have advanceda good ways beyond the right of discussion, theyhave come to treasonable action, and contend for exemptionfrom the pains and penalties incurred by it.They hold that armed and forcible resistance to aU.S. law is not a crime. They denounce everybody who is in favor of punishing it. They are foroverthrowing the existing government, or nullifyingit, and substituting codes of higher law passed atabolition conventions in Syracuse and elsewhere.They cannot bear the restraint of constitutions andacts of Congress, and though belonging to a miserablefaction, have undertaken to subjecet a majority ofthe people of this great Union to the precepts oftheir own perveted consciences. If they couldhave their own way, they would  our institutions,and put down all legitimate .      If the shy and  murderer, if the thief and midnight robber, if the who from his neighbor's dwelling, are guilty of greatcrimes, and should be  up to  and punishmentas a  to others, much more those still  to  who  togetherto  the government, and put down all orderby forcible  to  The culp have in the                     
