 Extract of a letter from HENRY CLAY, dated Ashland,3rd October, 1851, to a numerous Committe inNew York, inviting him to visit that city, and addresa voice of warning to his countrymen:— ENRY LAY It was supposed by the authors and supporters ofthe compromise, in the last Congress, that the adoptionof the series of measures which composed itwould secure the unanimous concurrence of all.Their reasonable hopes were confined to the greatmajority of the people of the United States, andtheir hopes have not been disappointed. Everywhere, north, south, east and west, an immense majorityof the people are satisfied with, or acquiescein,the compromise. This may be confidently assertedin regard to thirteen of the slaveholdingStates, and to thirteen, if not fourteen, of the freeStates in a few of both classes of the States, andin some particular localities, dissatisfaction exists,exhibiting itself, occasionally, in words of great violenceand intemperance; but this feeling is, I trust,where it has most prevailed, gradually yielding toas enlightened sense of public duty. I present arapid survey of the actual state of things, as it appearsto me, both at the North and the South, beginningat the former. Is all that region, there is but one of the variouscompromise measures that is seriously assailed, andthat is the law made, is strict conformity with theConstitution, for the surrender of fugitive from lawfulservice of labor. But the law itself, with twoexceptions, has been every where enforced; oppositionas is constantly abating, and the patriotic obligationsof obeying the Constitution and the laws,made directly or indirectly by the people themselves,a few almost universally recognized and admitted.If in the execution of the law, by the public authority,popular discontent is sometimes manifested, ithas, with the exceptions mentioned, been invariablypresumed, or prevented from obstructing the officersof justice is the performance of their duties. If Ias correctly informed, a great and salutary changehas been made, and is yet in progress, at the North,which authorizes the confident anticipation that reasonand law will finally achieve a noble triumph. The necessity of maintaining and enforcing thatlaw unrepealed, and without any modification thatwould seriously impair its efficiency, must be admittedby the impartial judgment of all candid men.Many of the slaveholding States, and many publicmeetings of the people in them, have deliberatelydeclared that their adherence to the Union dependedupon the preservation of that law, and that its abandonmentwould be the signal of the dissolution ofthe Union. I know that the abolitionists (some ofwhom openly avow I desire to produce that calamitiesevent) and their partizens deny and deride theexistence of any such danger; but men who willnot perceive and own it must be blind to the signsof the times, to the sanctional strife which has unhappyarisen, to the embittered feelings which havebeen excited, as well as to the solemn resolutionof deliberative assemblies, unanimously adopted.Their disregard of the danger, I am apprehension,proceeds more from their desire to continue agitation,which augments it, than from their love ofthe Union itself. You refer, gentleman, to 'resolutions and addressesadopted at conventions lately assembled aroundus, in which we have seen with regret as well asclaim, that the question of adherence to the compromiseis avoided or evaded,' and you justly deprecatethe tendency of these resolutions. I have notbeen in inattentive or indifferent observer of them,and with you I deeply regret their adoption. I wishthat these respectable bodies could have been lessambiguous, and more explicit, in declaring their determinationto acquiesce in, and abide by, a greatmeasure of peace and compromise, which, formingas much in the progress of our country, was intendedto reconcile and restore concord and fraternalfeelings among our divided countrymen. There wasno necessity to reserve a right to discuss, to modifyand to repeal the obnoxious law. Such a rightexisted without any express reservation, not onlyas to that law, but as to all laws and as tothe Constitution itself, which has incorporatedin it the right of amendment, and consequentlythat of discussion. But there are occasions when aspirit of moderation should prompt a forbearance toexercise that right, if more were intended thanmeets the eye, more than to proclaim the theoreticright of discussion, if it were designed to announcethe right of unremitted agitation, to continue thedistrictions the country, and, finally, if possible,to repeal the Fugitive State Law, patriotism and harmonmust condemn the unwise course, as fraughtwith the most mischievous and perilons consequences. But we must make some allowance for humanfrality and moderate pride of opinion. Many personsat the North had avowed an invincible hostilityto the Fugitive Law, and declared their intentionforcibly by to obstruct its execution, and had appenledto a higher law, which, as they contended, was paramountto all human legislation. These ostensiblepositions were wholly irreconcilable with patriotism,or even with the existence of regular governmentitself. Obeying the dictates, it is hoped, ofwiser and purer and more social counsels, the partieswho, under the impulses of passion and fanaticism,had assumed, have now abandoned them, and acknowledgedtheir unquesionable duty to submit tothe law and it is modified or repealed by competentauthority. In descending from the high andperilous ground, which they could not safely occupyto that of conceding the obligation of submissionto the law, we discern, I hope, a just homage to thedictates of civilization, and to the duties of establishgovernment. If they have couped with this properconcession too unless reservation of a rightof circumstances, and insisting upon a repeal orthe amendment of a law to which they had taken anexecution, may we not hope that their purpose wasonly to secure a descent retreat, with a secret andpatriotic determination to forbear from disturbingthat return to harmony and tranquillity, so necessaryto the safety and prosperity of the Union? Should itburn out otherwise, should the reckless spirit of agitationcontinue to disturb and district our country,to array section against section, and to threaten theability of the government, my confidence is unshakenin the great body of our Northern fellow-states,that they will, in due time, and in a rightmanner, apply as appropriate and effectual corrective. 
