 WILMINGTON, N.C., March 2, 1865. ILMINGTON Capt. Samuel C. Timpson, Co. A, of the 95thNew York, belonging to the Second Brigade, FirstDivision, First Corps, Gen. Wardsworth's command,who was captured at the battle of the Wilderness,night of May 5, 1864, while in the skirmish line,furnishes the following interesting particulars: " I found myself among a party of 108 officers and1,500 men; my own command constituted 70 menand 6 officers of the party. We brought up at Lee'sheadquarters. We were put into a vacant corral,and guarded by dismounted cavalry. The placewas filled with horse and cow ordure, and the guardduring the night left their posts, and stealing inamong the prisoners, robbed them of watches.money, haversacks, hats, caps, and other articles.This was in sight of Gen. Lee's headquarters. Ten thousand and eight enlisted men died at Andersonville,Ga., during June and July, 1864, accordingto their own official reports—to say nothingof those who were shot with and without any pretextby the guards. Ten thousand and eight enlisted men Sept. 18, the prisoners were Sent from Savannahto Charleston with great haste. They were keptthirteen hours in these cattle cars. An order wasissued to allow no one to leave the cars upon anypretext whatever. Those afflicted with diarrheaand other complaints suffered dreadfully. Theywere imprisoned among murderers, thieves, desertersfrom the Union army, blockade-runners, andvagabonds of every description. There were 21negro soldiers, most of them belonging to Col. Shaw's54th Massachusetts regiment, of immortal memory,among the number. They were never to be exchanged,but were to be reduced to slavery. Thesewere all that were left of the colored troops capturedat Wagner. The rest were bayoneted and shotafter they surrendered. Their rations were breadand water; still they would sing Union songs, pouringtheir melody through their prison bars, for theentertainment of the Union officers in the prisonand below. Thesewere all that were left of the colored troops capturedat Wagner. There was no shelter. The officers lay on theground amid filth, garbage, and urine. My informantfound a small platform to repose on. On wakingin the morning, he found he bad been sleepingunder the gallows. Shells from the fleet explodedall night over and beyond the jail. When the firesbroken out in the city, our batteries would open anddrive the firemen away. The guards would turnout, and drive the firemen back to their engines.But the whole block was destroyed. On the nightof Sept. 16, our shells kept us awake all night.They burst every minute around us. The batterieswere served, apparently, so as not to hit the jail,and only two were injured, and they only slightly. No cooking utensils were provided, no wood tocook with; only corn meal, raw. Elbridge, of theTwelfth New York Cavalry, died during the night.A Rebel Surgeon who examined him pronouncedthe cause of death to be "pure starvation and exposure"The body was left unburied all day. Alot of poor, learn beef was brought in, and throwndown by the side of the dead man's body. Theofficer says: "Although I was hungry enough tohave eaten the meat raw, I lost all appetite at therevolting spectacle." By the 17th of September, the yard was so filledwith accumulated filth and garbage, no resting placecould be found. There was no shade, and nightwas welcomed as a relief from the fervor of the sun'srays. The Surgeon had no medicine, exceptingsalts. The yard on the 20th was submerged by atwo days' rain, which, with accumulated filth,rendered the place intolerable. A remonstrancewas sent to Col. Jones, the commander of the department.No reply came for three days. A secondremonstrance brought answer that it was the bestthey could do. The yellow fever broke out in the city, and threeRebel captains of the prison died, beside a numberof the guards. The Rebel guards became alarmed,and for fear of infection—not from any apparentwish to accommodate us—they moved some of theofficers to a house in Broad St., some to the MarineHospital, and others to the local hospitals. Dr. George R.C. Todd was the surgeon in chargeof the hospital for Union prisoners at Rikerville,near Charleston, during the month of September.The officers say he is an unmitigated scoundrel anda finished brute. He thrust all classes of prisonersin the same ward, making no distinction betweenofficer, enlisted men, and deserters from eitherarmy. He threatened to buck and gag officers whowere sick. His inhumanity caused him, it isthought, to be removed by Gen. Hardee. The officers were taken to Columbia, and herdedlike cattle in an open lot, where they remained untilDec. 18, lying in mud and water, they day in and dayout, without any shelter whatever. Four officerswere deliberately shot by the guards, and five otherslost their lives in trying to escape. Prisoners at Andersonville,where 30,000 were confined at onetime, died at the rate of 150 to250 per day. Over12,000, probably 16,000, perished from starvationand exposure. Probably from 400 to 500 escapedfrom Columbia by bribing the guards. Of thisnumber half were brought back, and would havebeen punished if their refined cruely had suggestedany resource. One officer who escaped from thetrain between Macon and Charleston was torn topieces by bloodhounds. Lieut. Parker of a Vermontregiment jumped from the train on the waybetween Charleston and Columbia. He was setupon by 13 young bloodhounds in an open field.He was so lacerated by the dogs that he died in thehospital at Columbia. Those who started fromColumbia took the route toward the mountains ofthe Blue Ridge. The negroes would always assist the fugitives;give them food, and pilot them to the best routes.They said that their masters generally offered them$25 reward to betray a Yankee. In spite of thistempting reward, they acted the part of the GoodSamaritan in all cases. "They are," say the officers,"as true as steel in all cases." Capt. Timpson says,"while waiting at the banks of the Saluda River,pursued by a pack of hounds, the chivalry mountedon horseback, to the number of fifteen or twenty,armed with shot-guns, pursuing them, the slaves onthe opposite shore hearing the baying of the hounds,one of them pushed into a boat, and rowed rapidlyacross. He knew from the sound of the dogs thatthey were in pursuit of some Yankee fugitives.The barking of the hounds grew louder and nearer,and the officers feared they would be overtaken anddevoured before the boat could reach the shore.The faithful negro pulled for dear life, took theofficers into this boat, and bore them in safety beyondthe reach of the men-hunters and their naturalallies the bloodhounds, at the risk of his own life.He piloted the officers around the pickets, who werelying in wait for them, by which means they escaped.The slaves said: "Our masters curse you all deday, but we pray for you ebery night." They, the slaves, are rejoiced at the prospect ofbeing forced into the Rebel army. They declarethey will shoot behind, and not before behind Capt. Timpson states that after he was capturedby the guerrillas and half breeds in the mountains,they turned his and his comrades' pockets inside out.Afterward they stripped off their vest and coats,and began quarreling about the distribution. Theyseemed to think they had money, would not giveit up. Their death was a foregone conclusion.Meantime a Capt. Singleton came up; he was a freemason,so was Capt. Hayes. The party was saved.They were marched back to Greenville C.H., andput in a dungeon with the negroes who were confinedfor murder. The inhabitants, mostly the women,came to see them. One travelled 17 miles to seethe live Yankees. From a very cautions approach,she finally discovered that the Yankees were notwild animals, and at last became sociable, andthought it a shame to treat people so; she afterwardbrought bread for them to eat. The party went back to Columbia. The trainran off the track. Four were killed and 17 wounded.They (the Rebel guard) were badly mutilated,having legs and arms broken and smashed. Theonly two Yankee prisoners escaped. Six weeksterminated their imprisonment. They are now ontheir way, rejoicing, to their friends at home . Among the officers just arrived here is Lieut, A.A. Abbott of New York, who has made a dailyrecord of the event of prison life in the Confederacy.He will soon issue a book to be entitled "Lettersfrom Prison." with pictorial illustrations of placesand scenes through which he and his associate officershave passed. The book will possess thrilling interest. E.S. 
