 We had a visit yesterday, from Mr. J.P. Hurley,who has just arrived here from the rebel prison atSalisbury, N.C. Mr. Hurley is a native of Newton,but resided many years at Newburyport. In 1849he went to Bedford, in the southwest part of Virginia,engaging in mining operations, and there heresided when the war broke out. "Though an activeDemocrat, he was true to his love of the Union, andat an early period of the rebellion he was arrestedby the rebel authorities, and thrown into the countyjail. There be remained some times, but was finallyreleased. In December, 1865, he was engaged informing a military organization to aid the Unioncause, when he was again arrested, with many ofhis neighbors, and this time was sent to Salisbury,N.C., where he remained till within a few days.When an exchange of prisoners was agreed upon, heclaimed to be a Northern man, and was allowed tocome out of the prison, that his case might, be investigated,and once out he was able to keep alongwith the soldiers, and thus escaped. He confirms all that has been said, and the worstthat has been said, of the brutal manner in whichthe prisoners at Salisbury have been treated. Prisonerswho spent last summer in the slaughter-pen atAndersonville, and were in the winter taken toSalisbury to keep out of the way of Sherman,declared the Andersonville hell not to be so bad asthe Salisbury hell. In October the number of prisonersat Salisbury was about two hundred, but thenumber was then increased by arrivals from Richmond,and from prisons further south, to ten thousand.The ill treatment commenced with theirarrival, and by death from exposure and starvation,and by a few escaping, their number was reducedin February to forth-five hundred. As many asseventy died in one day, and the average rate ofmortality from October was twenty-five each day.The stated rations were very poor and very small,and half the time these were cut down to one-halfor one-fourth. Some days they were withheldaltogether. As the result of this, the men became enfeebledand discouraged, and soon they sickened and died.The rebel officers told them the rate at which theywere dying, and taunted them with the remark thatall who did not enlist in the rebel service would bedead within a few months. Fifteen hundred mendid enlist in the rebel service, in the hope of savingtheir lives. Some of those subsequently escaped tothe Federal lines, some were caught attempting toescape, and were sent back to the prison, while stillothers remain in the army. A Catholic priest was sent to the prison, whofound 800 inmates of that persuasion, who weretaken from the main prison to a place where theywere better treated. After arrangements for theexchange had all been completed, the rebels toldthem that they would be taken back to the mainprison, where they would die like sheep, if theywould not enlist; but to their credit be it said, thoughthey knew nothing-of the arrangements, every manof them remained true to the Union. Men who were in need of medicine, in going tovisit a surgeon, passed through a hospital where theywere obliged to step over dead and dying men lyingon the ground. As men died in the hospitals, theywere placed in a row, in just the condition and positionin which they breathed their last, and sometimes,when the number was larger than usual, one layerof dead bodies was placed on top of another. Inthe morning they were thrown into the dead-cart inthe most unfeeling manner, and borne away to aplace of burial, where a ditch had been provided forthem. As the cart moved over the rough ground, thebodies were jostled about in a manner not pleasantto contemplate by those who had reason to believethat their own turn would come next. 
