 On Monday evening, March 4, a lecture on the originand results of the American rebellion was deliveredin the hall of the Mechanics Institution, in Stockport,(England) by Mr. J.H. Estcourt, of Manchester.Mr. Councilor John Walthew occupied the chair,and introduced the lecturer. There were on the platformMr. Alderman Chapman, Mr. Councilor Barber,Mr. Councilor Alderley, Mr. W. Forrester, Mr.Alderson Mr. Hindle, &c. &c. Mr. ESTCOURT then proceeded to make an able andsaid speech, the concluding portion of which we givebelow:— STCOURT Observe some of the results of the rebellion. TheHomestead Act has been passed, whereby free landcan be obtained by free settlers in perpetuity; Kansashas been admitted a free State; slavery has beenabolished in Columbia district, Western Virginia,Maryland, Missouri, Louisiana, Tennessee, Arkansas,and is in process in Kentucky and Delaware; Haytiand Liberia, two colored republics, have been recognizedthe right of search in vessels trading fromAfrica has been guaranteed by treaty, a slave-trading,Captain hung, and every man, of whatever color,declared a citizen, and competent to witness incourts of justice. (Applause.) Now we come to the election of 1864. The questionto be decided was—" Shall the Union live, orshall slavery reign?" and the people by millions declaredthat the Union should live, and that slaveryshould due. (Loud applause.) It was a sublimespectacle for the contemplation of a world, that of agreat people, in the midst of an unprecedented civilwar, engaging in a prolonged political conflict, inwhich every feeling of the human heart was appealedto going to the ballot-box quietly and in the mostorderly manner, endorsing the policy of the government,and electing their rulers for another term ofyears, selecting again that noble, honest, true-heartedman, Abraham Lincoln, and solving effectivelythe problem that free suffrage and republican institutioncan be upheld even in the most critical timeof a nation's life, and proving that a strong governmentmay rest upon the will of the people as wellas on the divine right of kings. (Applause.) See,too, in how dignified a position it placed the President,and how well he sustained himself. No vauntingno boasting in oratory. Said he, "I do not impagnthe motives of any one who opposed me. Itis on pleasure to me to triumph over any one. Golda good in its place, but living, brave, patriotic menare better than gold. So long as I have been here.I have not willingly planted a thorn in any man'sbosom." Noble, Christian, generous words these——worth remembering, worthy of example to us all.Then that declaration in the President's Message,owning all that had preceded it: "I will not returnany man to bondage. If you, the people, requireme to undo my emancipation decree, another,not I, must do it." And so stands Abraham Lincolnupon the highest pinnacle of honor—the saviorand emancipator of a race. (Loud applause.) And now we come to the grand climax of legislation.On the 31st of January, 1865, at mid of night,the capitol at Washington was crowded with peopleof both sexes, The vote was to be taken on theamendment to the Constitution, by which slaverywas to be abolished and prohibited forever withinthe dominions of the United Stales. As vote aftervote was announced, now 'mid hushed silence, andhow with ringing cheers, it came to the crisis of thevoting. How will the doubtful democrats vote?The suspense was soon put an end to, the doubtfulones became certain, and "yea" followed "yea"until the required majority was obtained; and "yea"followed "yea" until more were polled," and then,with one burst of joy and exultation, the capitolwas made lo resound with the cheering of a vastattitude, roused with the ecstasy and with vigor clothed,and the morning ushered in the great event ofthe rebellion, and the greatest in the history ofAmerica (Applause.) A day to be honored allwere the world, and to be remembered for all time.(Applause.) "How will the Legislatures of the States vote?"can the next cry. Well, in eleven subsequent days,eleven States had ratified the amendment, and foremoststood Maryland, who, freed and in her rightmind, said "Amen." Then New York, Missouri,Massachusetts, Indians, Illinois, (the Egypt of theWest had shaken off her black laws, and she, too.)and "So be it." Maine, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania.Western Virginia, and Rhode Island said,"Yes, Amen!" and so on the great record will becompleted when all the States necessary to legallyonly shall be obtained, and then the jubilee daywill not be far distant, when on the soil of Americaso slave can "live, or move, or have a being."(Loud applause.) It does not require any further proof to show thatif the rebellion had only resulted in this one fact, thesacrifice of life and treasure would be well made.But the more we look at the interior life add characterof the American people, the more noble theybecame, the more wonderful they appear. Rememberthat they have had to sustain the greatest armiesthat ever were marshalled on the battle-field, withoutany preparation for such a purpose, their standingarmy and the navy scattered, the treasurycaptied by those chivalrous and honorable Southernerswho held office under Buchanan, the arms depositedin the arsenals of the South, so that whenthe blow came and Fort Sumter was fired upon,there was neither army, navy, arms, nor arsenalThe trumpet sound of that shot woke up the patriotismof the people, and in a few weeks an army ofpeople, though not of soldiers, was on its march:unskilled but brave, undisciplined but true, ungeneralledbut daring; and they fought, were defeated;their places supplied again; and thus, fighting andthundering, they learned the art of war, and thebattle was carried to the enemy's gate, and victorynot enthroned in the triumphant car moved by themilitary prowess of the freemen. But, said some wise men, statesmen, or would besuch in this country, "Let the rebels go; give thehave States their independence; do not carry outthis war for empire, it is barbarous. Your countryis too large for one government to rule; there oughtto be at least four of five kingdoms on your soil;"and in such wise our great men talked and wrote.Of course, English people never boats; we arehumble, quiet people, content with little, We donot sing about the sun never setting on the Queen'sdominions. When Ireland, united to us by constitutionalarticles of union, rebelled—and she hasdoes it two or three times—did we let her go? didwe say, "The channel divides us—geographicallyyou are entitled to a government of your own—youare another people, speaking a different languages;we have no right to control you or coerce you." Didwe say that? Let the fact of Ireland being part ofthe kingdom now be the answer. (Applause.) WhenIndia, which we had gotten possession of by manyquestionable and devious means, and with force ofarms at various times kept when she mutinied andrebelled, did we say, "Thousands of miles of seaseparate us—your people are millions more than ourpopulation at home—you have on your soil manynationalities of old—many different languages, differentcustoms—you have nothing in common withus in social, political, or religious points of view—itis right for you to leave us and rebel, we will notprevent you? Did we say so? Let the treasure, thelife, the horrors of that war to suppress the rebellionreply. And yet, when one people by language,origin, political institutions, common nationality andreligion, with no geographical obstacle to unity ofsoil, but with positive geographical obligations tounity, with a government the most elastic in theworld—when a portion of such a people, a small minorityof them, rebel against the judgment and willof the majority, we, with pharisaical voice, cry out,"Let them go—you are too large—there is no homogeneousnessof people—you cannot live together.Let slavery succeed, hinder it not. And then whenAmericans heeded not but said, "America for Americans,no division of territory or government, oneunited and free this nation must be, from the Atlanticto the Pacific, from the Lake to the Gulf," wecondemned them as a boasting, arrogant people, althoughI believe they are very much like ourselves,if, not a little more modest. Well, it is decided that there is to be no division,that there is to be only one nation, and that nationis to be a free one, and it is not to be put into thevolcano of bankruptcy, or the abyss of repudiation.To show the wonderful power of the people, it isonly necessary to say that villages, schools, hospitals,chapels, clothing, nurses, teachers, missionaries,agents, books, implements of husbandry, and toolsfor industrial pursuits, have all been made, erected,and supplied by voluntaryism, and heroes and heroinesin number sufficient to make a scroll for all thenations of Europe have been supplied by the patriotsof the nation. (Applause.) No signs of bankruptcy,no signs of decay here. The republic has not beenthe bursting bubble prophesied, but it will live, andbe the heritage of freemen to .ill time. (Applause.) In conclusion, my address has been delivered toshow that slavery was the origin of the rebellion—that philanthropy, preservation of the Union, andEmancipation are the result. Look at two or threeof the most recent occurrences. Chief Justice Taney,who declared from the seat of judgment in the SupremeCourt of the United States that a black manhad no rights that a white man need respect, hasgone to his rest, and in his place has been raised oneof the "noblest Romans of them all," Salmon P.Chase, and the other day into that Court was introduceda black man by the Honorable Charles Sumner,honorable for goodness, talent, eloquence, andmanly virtue, and that black man was announced asa professional pleader before that high court, andwith gracefulness welcomed by the Chief Justicethereof, amid the plaudits of the elite of Washington.(Applause.) The Rev. H. Garnett, a colored man,has preached by invitation in the House of .Representativesat Washington, and was received with allthe honors a great people can bestow. Lastly, aroundthe steps of the Capitol of Nashville, Tennessee, wasgathered a vast concourse of people, black and white.The new Vice President, Andrew Johnson, anothernative of a slave State, and one who has been deridedas a tailor by those who, by the way, will notmake a ninth part of him, whatever he may be proportionateto other men, Andrew Johnson, standingon those steps, declared, with the history of the pastto witness, the present condition to guide, and thefuture to encourage him, freedom full, broad, andunconditional to every man in Tennessee, and thatrebellion and slavery should, by God's help, no longerpollute the State and the people, with one mightyshout, in that solemn scene, said, "Thank God!Amen!" (Applause.) The times are miraculous;a nation born again, a people morally educated, acontinent kindled into enthusiasm, and freedom, thelong sought, much desired, and yearned for boon, obtainedin the short space of four years; the poisontree of the slave power's planting dug out by theroot in six of what were formerly slave States, andthe tree of liberty planted therein, the leaves whereofare for the healing of the nation. Hail, joyfulday, when the morning shall rise upon the NorthAmerican continent with no slave upon its soil, nostain upon the flag, but when the stars and stripesshall wave over all the land, a land wherein shalldwell righteousness and peace, and where prosperityand happiness shall bless all people within her borders!(Loud applause.) At the conclusion of the lecture, the usual votes ofthanks were given, the proceedings terminating with"three times three" cheers for Abraham Lincoln. 
