 The defence of the weak against the mighty, ofthe oppressed against the oppressor, is a noble andholy cause. It is a cause that, in spite of all impediments,obstacles and intrigues of our enemies, weare proud of contending for. We ask justice—fulljustice—for all. For colored soldiers, who partake of the perils ofour armies on the battle-field, we want equal treatmentwith the white soldiers. We claim for themfair chance for promotion, fair board of examination,and admission of colored officers to all positions andranks, according to their merit and valor. For colored laborers we want entire freedom, andself-disposal of themselves. We want that they beas free as white men in contracting for their labor,going from place to place, and enjoying the earningsof their toils. For colored ministers we claim the same respectthat is accorded to white clergymen; we want forthem the same regard that their white brethren enjoy.We will not relax in our endeavors until wesee them sitting in conferences, side by side with thewhite ministers of the Gospel, and preaching fromthe same pulpits. Union of Churches and equalityin God is our motto. For colored children, we want that they shall bereceived in the common schools, as it is done inMassachusetts. We want to see our children seatedon the same benches with the white girls and boys,so that every prejudice of color may disappear fromchildhood, and the next generation be around to asentiment of fraternity. For colored women we claim the same regard asfor the white ones. They are, as well as the womenof any other race, mothers, sisters, wives and daughters;they partake of the same feeling; and we donot want to see them rebuked by men in offices,and treated not as women but as brute. For colored men in general, we claim the rightof suffrage, and thereby the right of self-taxationand self-government, which is conferred upon thewhites. We claim that privilege on the broadground that they are men, and they are Americancitizens. These are the principles we have at any timeadvocated and defended. We do not care for theobstacles we may find in our way, or the enemies wemay arraign against us. The men who oppose sucha platform can only be the enemies of our race.Do not say that we are going too far. We ask anycandid man: Is freedom complete? Is the blackman in the full enjoyment of all he has a right to obtain?If not, why should we stop in our effort tohave justice done to our race?—New OrleansTribune. New OrleansTribune. 
