 DELIVERED AT MACON, GA. FEBRUARY 16, 1865. [From the Richmond Sentinel, March 16.] On all hands we hear that the courage and unanimityof the people of Georgia never shone morebrightly than they do this day. They have risen upmore brave and defiant than ever in the track of thedetestable foe that has lately trod their soil. Thefollowing extract from a speech delivered by GeneralHowell Cobb, at Macon, on the 16th of February,will illustrate our statement. We copy from theAugusta Constitutionalist: Constitutionalist: On this we stand together to-night, and it fills mewith new hopes. There is no longer any groundsfor differences of opinion among men who are true.From this time forth, mark the men who begin totalk about peace—who say the war ought to close—are despondent, encourage disaffections and ill feelingstowards our effort to prosecute the war, andwhose words and conduct show that they are in favorof reconstruction, though they do not talk itopenly. Keep your eyes on the man who talks thisway. I will write his history to-night: He will begloomy; say our armies will be defeated and destroyed,and that there is no hope for us. The nextthing you know of him, he will be buying gold—(laughter and applause); next he will send his sonto Europe—(great laughter); and perhaps close upthe scene by going there himself. (Great laughterand applause.) I was going to wish those youngmen now in Europe were back here; but I don'twish it. I hope they will remain there during thewar, in justice to themselves, and that they will staythere after the war is over, in justice to us. Butwhat of the prospects before us? I do not wish todraw a picture to deceive you. I look upon theprospect as bright and promising. As God is myjudge, I have yet to see the first despondent hours.(Applause.) Friends, bear with my earnestness, forwhen I am touching this point, I feel that I am attackingthe Gibraltar of our enemy—our real foe inhis strongest held. I do not fear Lincoln, nor Seward,nor all their hordes. They will be scatteredand defeated. The enemy which I fear is here, enthronedin your hearts and deeply seated in your affections.Let us tear down that idol, and bring trueand honest hearts to the support of our cause. Itis better to be free than to be rich. It is better to bebeggars and free than to be enslaved, and have millionsof the miserable perishing stuff which we callproperty. But what more can I say? One thingmore I will ask. Let us have no more dissensions,quarrelings, and wrangling among ourselves. Differwe will, as we have in the past. There will be notime when we can all agree upon all points. If youask me if I support the Confederate Administration,I answer I do, with all my heart. If you ask me ifI sustain all that the President does and all his views,I answer no. If I had my way, I would do somethings he does not, and leave undone some thingswhich he does. "Then why don't you oppose him?"says one. Simply because it may do no good, and itmay do much harm and my policy in the end mightnot be as good as his. While we give our advice toCongress and our generals, let us make up our mindsthat we will fight the battles of liberty within thepolicy that may be adopted, whether it suits or not.How long would this contest of freedom go on, ifevery man in the army should leave it as soon assomething was done that he did not like? Howmany men would now be in Lee's army if all thatever went there had acted on that principal? Letus give our public men credit for being patriotic,honest and sincere, deeply interested for our welfareand independence, and give them a hearty support.If I could select your generals, and could find out theman the soldiers wanted, they should have him.(Cries of "Johnston," "Johnston," "Johnston," andhearty cheers rose from the many soldiers throughthe hall.) You do not respect more than I do thisable commander. (Loud cheering.) There is noman that I respect more, and there is no generalthat I would rather go to the field of battle underthan Old Joe Johnston, (prolonged shouts of applause,)and if I bad my way, I would appoint himto a command. I talk to you plainly, and I talk tothe Government in the same way. I want utility.There has been some talk of a State Convention.What do you want with it? What do we want?We want an army. We want men to go back tothe service who are absent without leave. Will aState Convention put men in the ranks? We wantclothes put on the backs of our men, shoes on theirfeet, arms and ammunition in their hands, and courageand a heroic determination to be free infused intotheir whole being. Will a Convention do this?We want provisions—meat, wheat, corn, etc., to feedour men. Will a State Convention furnish these?Tell me of a single thing good that it can or will do,and I am content. Do you want a Convention forpeace? Lincoln has told you that you shall have nopeace, save upon submission—craven, cowardly submission.Do you want it for negotiation? Lincolnwill not negotiate. What Georgia wants in a unitedpeople. If there is in all the country, a man whoyet has a lingering feeling to go back into the Union,he may advocate a convention. He wants thesovereignty of Georgia to speak. Some personsthink I am more interested in our success than thepeople generally. This is a great mistake. Thetree upon which Lincoln will hang me when he catchesme will not wither and die till he bangs you uponit also. Lincoln hates me, and I know it; and ifyou think he loves you, you are greatly mistaken. Goamong the people where Yankee conquest has prevailed.Do you ask me to reconstruct with them?I want to the graveyard, and stood there among thecity of the dead. There were hundreds, perhapsthousands, of our gallant soldiers sleeping quietlytheir last sleep, who had given their lives a holy sacrificefor our holy cause. And I thought of reconstruction!and it seemed as though a voice rose fromthe graces of the gallant dead, saying, "Never!Touch it not!" And I called upon God to witnessthat I had sworn I never would; and so help me God,I never will. (Enthusiastic and prolonged cheering.)Life is but a span. Property is but a fleetingshow. Put me in the grace, but never put on methe garment of a submissionist! (Cheers.)  
