 Twenty-five years of argument had only broughtthe people to the point of slavery restriction, ornon-extension. Such was the platform on whichMr. Lincoln began his first term of office. The rebellionwas to be subdued, but slavery left intact,and dominant in the nation. It was to be left toblight fifteen States by its immediate presence, andthence to cast its dark shadow over all the rest, andchoose its own time to hatch out another rebellion.It was a grand stride of the people from their stupidpro-slaveryism up to the point of slavery restriction.From Buchanan up to Lincoln the first, wasa long march. But it was a longer one from Lincolnthe first and slavery restriction, up to Lincolnthe second and slavery extirpation. Be it ever remembered,that Mr. Lincoln was called to his secondterm of office in the name and behalf of radicalabolition. The people placed him on a platformdeclaring boldly, and with no doubtful meaning,that "Justice and the public safely demand thecomplete and total extirpation of slavery from thesoil of the Republic." "Radical abolitionist," four years ago, was aphrase applied with a reproachful sneer to a class ofmen so few in numbers as to be deemed worthy onlyof sneers and jibes. Radical abolition was the ravingof heated brains, fanatics. Who dared predictthe miracle which four years of war would bring?"Radical abolition," too same for a platform now,and only those terrible words, "total extirpation,"could express the people's determination, and programmefor the new term of office to which theywere about to call Mr. Lincoln. Consonant with the programme of extirpationwhich he had accepted, Mr. Lincoln at once recommendsincorporating slavery extirpation in the fundamentallaw of the land, and both Houses of Congressadopt the proposition, and the States take upthe strain, and send it on. Anticipating this grandmovement, Louisiana, Arkansas, Missouri, Tennessee,West Virginia, and Maryland, abolish slavery by theirown action. Congress has abolished and prohibitedit in the District of Columbia, and in all the territories,wiped out the internal slave trade and all fugitiveslave laws, while, under the emancipationproclamation, slavery goes down wherever, in thevictorious march of Sherman, Sheridan, Schofield,and Thomas, the Stars and Stripes go up. ThoseStars and Stripes now mean freedom. Gloriousflag! at last redeemed! no more to float over slave-shipsand coffle gangs—now I hail thee: now stragglingmillions hail thee! Thy shadow hereaftershall be like the shadow of a great rock. At lengththy folds shall float over the land of the free andthe home of the brave. But God designs a complete regeneration of thenation. It was not enough that the Executiveshould proclaim freedom to slaves of rebels, and thelegislature freedom to all slaves. While Taney presidedover the judiciary, freedom was insecure.The Dred Scott dictum must be buried forever outof sight, and the Supreme Court regenerated. SoGod took Taney from the bench, and Lincoln, inspiredby God, put Salmon P. Chase in his stead.Another such stride upward no nation has evermade, as when Chase succeeded Taney in the SupremeJusticeship of the United States. From Taneyto Chase is further than from Egypt to Canaan.In contrast to Taney's most infamous exposition ofthe Constitution, making it strike down every singleright of a whole race, numbering twelve millions,in and close around the American Republic, standsthe noble expositions of that same Constitution byMr. Chase, made in 1848, and incorporated into theBuffalo platform of the free soil party. He said,"Under our government, we can no more make aslave than a king." This glorious truth is henceforthto inspire American jurisprudence; and untilwe make kings is this country, we shell make nomore slaves. Hallelujah! Scarcely had the funeral obsequies of the slaveholdingJudge been attended, before his slaveholdingdictum followed him to ignominy. One day, notlong ago, the tall, manly form of Charles Summer(God bless him!) might have been seen enteringthe Supreme Court room. By his side was a Massachusettslawyer, well proportioned, good looking,intelligent. Mr. Sumner moved that his friend, amember of the bar before the Supreme Court ofthe Supreme Court of the United States. He wasadmitted, the peer of the country's greatest lawyers,where Webster, Choate, Reverdy Johnson,and Seward, had achieved their legal fame. Thelawyer was admitted without objection, and thatlawyer was a negro, without mixture of Saxonblood. If any have tears to shed over the dictumof Taney, which spurned Dred Scott from the Courtas a suppliant for justice, because he was a negro,let them shed them now, for that dictum is dead. On the 12th of last month, the Rev. HenryHighland Garnett, one of the most eloquent divinesin America, preached in the National Hall of Representativesat Washington, D.C., by invitation ofthe Chaplain of the house. The Rev. Dr. Garnettis a negro, and very black. It is the firstinstance of the kind in the history of the country. The world does move; and may God speed itsflight from the dark regions of prejudice to thewarmer and sunnier climes of equity and brotherhood! D.E.M. —Sabbath Recorder. Sabbath Recorder. 
