 An enormous gathering assembled last night atConcert Hall. The occasion was that of an addressby Hon. Wm. D. Kelley to the "Social, Civil andStatistical Society" of Philadelphia. This society,composed of the cultivated and more intelligentportion of the colored people of Philadelphia, hasinaugurated a series of meetings, which have beenaddressed this far by learned and eloquent men,irrespective of color. This course of lectures hasbeen attended by immense audiences. Frederick.Douglass and other Americans of African descenthave addressed the association. Last night, Hon.Wm. D. Kelley, following the example of othergentlemen, did so, terminating the course. As we have said, the house was packed, thoughthe whites predominated in numbers over the coloredpeople. The bank from Camp Wm. Penn gave themusic. Their fine brass band of thirty musiciansperformed with such acceptability that at times theentire audience applauded them. Upon the platformwere benevolent Christian gentlemen of bothcolors, with not a few clergymen, fair and dusky,mingling together as followers of the same Lord,irrespective of complexion, or color of cuticle.Prominent among them was Rev. Stephen Smith,a man of color, who, for thirty years, has been apreacher of the Methodist faith, and who, withoutreproach has amassed a very handsome fortune. Miss Greenfield, known as the Black Swan, sang,accompanying herself upon the piano by way ofpreliminary. Mr. Robert Purvis then made theannouncement that Judge Kelley would speak, inthese words: Ladies and Gentlemen—I am instructed to announceto you that the lecture of this evening willconclude the course of lectures before the Civil,Social and Statistical Association of this city. Notbeing a member of that association, I feel free tosay—what I am sure is but the feeling of all thosewho have attended these lectures—that we aregreatly indebted to the Committee of Arrangements(of whom Mr. Wm. Still is Chairman,) for theirexcellent and judicious appointments throughoutthe course. The formality, ladies and gentlemen, of introducingto you one so well known and honored as thedistinguished orator of this evening might well bedispensed with. Judge Kelley's consistent and unswervingfidelity to democratic republican principleshas always secured for him the confidence andadmiration of every true lover of freedom. But Idesire in an especial manner, representing andspeaking for the colored people, to tender to you,Judge Kelley, my profound acknowledgments.Your late able and exhaustive argument in thenational House of Representatives on the vital issueof reconstruction, wherein the claims of the coloredpeople to the enjoyment of equal rights were soably set forth and defended, is alike worthy thehead of a statesman and the heart of a philanthropist.And may I be allowed, ladies and gentlemen, theexpression of the opinion that this country will haveneither Union nor peace—I repeat it, neither Unionnor peace—until to all men, irrespective of theircolor, there shall be a full and practical recognitionof equal civil and political rights. And at this consummation,as the French poet, Lamartine, beautifullysaid that the immortal Wilberforce appearedbefore the throne of God, bearing in his hands thebroken fetters of eight hundred thousand emancipatedbondmen, so shall the prayers of four millions ofdisenthralled American bondsmen in our land calldown from Heaven blessings upon the heads of thenoble men and women who have been faithful tothe great principles of human freedom. Judge Kelley then appeared amid extravagantbursts of applause. He regretted that, being prostratedwith the labors of an exhausting session, hewas so little competent to speak to-night. It wasto the President of this association, Mr. WilliamStill, that he was indebted for his subject—"TheWar, and the Rights of Humanity." And of whatelse could be speak? England begins to understandthat a State in America is greater than anEnglish shire; and England is beginning to understandthat America has difficulties to settle withher. The speaker, however, would not descant uponthis, nor upon the atrocities committed upon Unionprisoners; nor upon the magnanimity of the Africo-Amricanpeople of the south, who have ministered,though surreptitiously, to their pressing necessities.(Applause.) A fact is intensely stubborn. He who says thatslavery is the cause of the war is but partially right.Slavery is but one of the bitter fruits from the rootfrom which sprung this war. If we fail to eradicateit we may have peace, but that peace will be agitation,and its fruit will yet mature to bloody andunending war. This war is but the penalty we arepaying for violation a fundamental law of God—forviolating a law of God that we all professed tobelieve—the law of human equality—(applause)—the law of the inherent nature and the indestructibilityof man's rights. Our institutions need no standing army for theirmaintenance. They are founded upon rectitudeand justice. Who ever thought of revolutionizingMassachusetts? Every man there who can readthe Constitution of the United States and of Massachusettsis a voter. If he cannot read it, he mayqualify himself to do it. He may be a juror as wellas a voter; and there is no trouble or revolutionthere. A man may be better off on the rocks ofMassachusetts than in any other place in the world.Man, woman and child there earn more wages thanin any other place upon God's footstool. Yet inMassachusetts there is no distinction of persons onaccount of color. We have tried to say that our Declaration of Independencedoes not refer to all men. We excludefour millions from its benefits. We have denied tothem the fact of their own existence, save as wecould make them useful to ourselves; and we havetried in it to deceive the all-seeing God; and onbended knee, before our Maker, we have prayedthat our trespasses be forgiven as we forgive thoseof others, and quietly added, "except the d—dniggers," and our Hibernian friends emphaticallyadd, "except the d—d naygurs." (Applause.)He is a God of justice, and His justice shall not beforever mocked, and He means that on bended kneethey shall cease to lie to Him. Says some good citizen, do you mean to admitnegroes to citizenship all over the country? Thatis just what I mean. (Applause.) They who firstcame here from England came for liberty. For itthey left the graves of their ancestors. For it theyencountered savage beasts, and still more savagemen. And on the soil of New England, as on thatof Pennsylvania, sprang up a people in whom thelove of liberty was ingrained. They sought to buildup a State in which the love of liberty should beprevalent; that courts of law would not be required,and from that came the arbitrations so troublesomeat the present day. The sons of New Englandhave carried the germ of that liberty across thecontinent. God preserve this country from rule ofmonarch, lord, or baron! (Applause.) We are butten days from the kingdoms of Europe; but a fewdays more from the sluggish myriads of Asia. Weare situated to command the trade of the world, andhere we should found and perpetuate a pure democracy,with powers subject only to the revision of thepeople. To do this we must accept the negro. Ourfathers did it, and they were blessed. (Applause.)The records of all the States show that down to1812, outside of South Carolina, the free negro wasa citizen and a voter; and the degeneracy of thesons of our revolutionary sires alone changed it,and brought about the system now in vogue amongus. Out country up to this time was blessed withoutbeing superstitious. The speaker could butrecur to the time when South Carolina, by insertingthe word "white" in a territorial bill, made Missouria slave State. Ever since then, our lands haveceased to be of steady value, our commerce andmanufactures have been so fluctuating that we havebeen, at times, obliged to import operatives fromEurope. Out interests have been as unstable as theseed. Out of every hundred merchants, eighty havefailed. Of course we have prospered and grown,but slavery has been a fearful injury. All historyfails to show the fortunes of a people so unstable usthose of the American people from 1820 to 1860. The speaker continued to trace the successiveeras in the political history of the country. In 1787and 88 the question of continuing the African slavetrade was agitated. Georgia and South Carolinademanded its continuance. The north did not, butso long as they secured peace, they did not care.They suited, the whites, and they "threw the niggerin." No one can be offended at this phrase. It isbut the national slang. (Applause.) The slavesbrought into the country during twenty years,enabled them to obtain an ascendancy that began toto provoke this war. Eloquent men in Virginiaproclaimed that slavery was weakness rather thanstrength, that it was crime. James Madison usedthe term "persons held to service," instead of slave,as conscious of the crime being committed againstGod and man. The speaker showed how into each new territoryslaves were hurried as they more recently wereinto Kansas, and the descendants of Revolutionarysires, forgetting all that their fathers had achievedinserted the word "white" in a territorial bill.And in 1865, Roger B. Taney, whose name is nowinfamous, (here a burst of applause lasted for someminutes,) declared that the negro had no rightsthat the white man was bound to respect! Weowed the continued enslavement of Missouri, Marylandand Tennessee to the manufacturers of Connecticut,who preferred peace and traffic to truthand justice. The voice of Connecticut was thoughtto be the voice of New England, and the contestwas given up. Northern men were to blame for allthis. We sold ourselves to the devil, and what have wedone with the money? ((Applause.) The men ofthe South now ask us to oppose them no longer,but to let them fight for their freedom and humanstatus. Look at Louisiana. Each ticket was for afree State government. That which provided equalrights to all was defeated. So was that ticket inArkansas. And the true men in both States wroteto Congress, asking it, for God's sake, to keep outthe men elected to represent those States. (Loudapplause.) Believing in voting early and votingoften, the opponents of liberty took excursions onelection day, voting everywhere in their way fromsunrise to sunset. Faithful Ben Butler (applause)had been disposed of, and the rebel emissaries pliedtheir calling at the election. It would be very pleasant to give pardoned traitorsthe government of Louisiana. These peoplepropose to put away a hundred thousand peoplewho are their brothers, uncles, aunties, etc. Theypropose to make up a nice party by themselves, andhave everything serene, as the boys say. The so-calledSenate and Legislature of Louisiana containover thirty men who are policemen in Louisiana.There cannot be a more corrupt government—theFourth ward of Philadelphia is nothing to it—thanthe free State government of Louisiana. Let thegovernment not be recognized until it recognizesevery man as entitled to citizenship, and its membersthemselves will be so fond of the African citizen asto swear that they even have a tinge of Africanblood in their own veins. Yet, out of 48 parishes,there are but nine in the State in which the UnitedStates government can permit supplies to be sentwithout a special permit. The people have nothingbut the slave-driver's contempt for us. " Sohelp me God," continued the sneaker, " I will nevervote for such an oligarchy. Wait another Congress,and under the lead of Flanders—God bless him—Louisiana will come to us a free State." (Deafeningapplause.) The speaker read from a paper published in NewOrleans, edited, owned and controlled by coloredpeople. It is published half in French and English;and the editors deriving their education from Parisiancolleges, their French is much superior to that oftheir neighbors. He read articles seconding his ownviews, and showing that the present State Governmentof Louisiana does not entitle it to admissioninto the union of States, such as those of the North. The eloquent judge spoke fully two hours, urgingthat either we must accept the negro as a citizen orabandon our institutions. No other course was possible.The speaker was listened to throughout withgreat attention, save when hearty applause showedthe effect that be produced.—Philadelphia Gazette. Philadelphia Gazette. 
