 On Saturday, the 13th of April, 1861, the littlegarrison of Fort Sumter, under command of MajorRobert Anderson, U.S.A., surrendered to the rebelsunder Beauregard, and on Sunday morning, the14th of the same month, the fort was formally evacuated.The following is the official report of theevent, made by Major Anderson to the War Department: STEAMSHIP BALTIC, off Sandy Hook,April 18, 1861—10.30, A.M., via New York. TEAMSHIP ALTIC Having defended Fort Sumter for thirty-four hours,until the quarters were entirely burnt, the main gatesdestroyed by fire, the gorge walls seriously injured,the magazine surrounded by flames, and its door closedfrom the effects of heat; four barrels and three cartridgesof powder only being available, and no provisionsremaining but pork, I accepted, terms of evacuationoffered by General Beauregard—being thesame offered by him on the 11th instant, prior to thecommencement of hostilities—and marched out ofthe fort on Sunday afternoon, the 14th instant, withcolors flying and drums beating, bringing away companyand private property, and saluting my flag withfifty guns. ROBERT ANDERSON,Major First Artillery Commanding. Major First Artillery Commanding. Hon. SIMON CAMERON,Secretary of War, Washington. IMON AMERON Secretary of War, Washington. The following is a list of the officers of the garrison: Table  Table  Officers, 10; Band, 15; Artillerists, 55. Total, 80. Major Anderson is now Major General Anderson;Surgeon Crawford is Major General Crawford, incommand of one of the corps under General Grant;Captain A. Doubleday is General Doubleday, presidentof the court martial now sitting in Philadelphia;Captain T. Seymour is now General Seymour;First Lieutenant Jeff. C. Davis is now GeneralJeff. C. Davis; Captain J.G. Foster is now MajorGeneral Foster; Second Lieutenant J.N. Hall isnow first lieutenant. We believe all these officersare living. The details of this the first conflict of the war, beganby the rebels with a force of at least seventhousand against a garrison of only eighty men, arefamiliar to American readers. The endurance andcourage of these officers and soldiers can never beforgotten. And it is to commend their services,and to mark the restoration of the port of Charleston,its harbor, and its forts to the complete controlof the Government, that the President has directedMajor General Robert Anderson to raise the starsand stripes on the battlements of Fort Sumter onthe 13th of April, 1865, the anniversary of the daybe consented to evacuate it, after a protracted andgallant resistance, when his ammunition and provisionswere exhausted. There is a classic proprietyin this celebration. Where the first shot was firedat the Republic—where the most pestilent traitorswere gathered to witness the deed of shame—almostin sight of the grave of John C. Calhoun—it ismeet that the cannon should roar, the drums beat,the trumpets clang, and the army and navy aboutfrom land and water, as our conquering flag is replacedon Sumter, never again to be removed bythe band of man. Well may the thousands whowill enjoy this sublime spectacle on the 13th ofApril, 1865, repeat the glowing words of Drake: "Forever float that standard sheet—Where breathes the foe but falls before us;With freedom's soil beneath our feet,And freedom's banner waving o'er us."    —Philadelphia Press. Philadelphia Press. 
