 The South are for Peace. Offer them Peace on thisbasis, (the Union and Constitution,) and they will takeit—yes, take it with joy, and return to their allegiance.—[JAMES GUTHRIE. The South are for Peace. Offer them Peace on thisbasis, (the Union and Constitution,) and they will takeit—yes, take it with joy, and return to their allegiance. AMES UTHRIE. There are reports that Georgia is tendering allegianceto the Union, and it is certain that in NorthCarolina there is a Strong undercurrent of Unionfeeling. James Guthrie is not a man of the impulsive class, or of the shallow set of the Abolitionbrood, but is one of the comprehensive order ofminds, grasping a subject in its entirety, having astatesman's vision and a patriot's instinct; and whilehe tramples with elephantine tread on the centralizationand despotic principles of the Abolitionists,now, alas, beaded by Air. Lincoln, he gives the country the great assurance that it is practicable to reachPEACE under the CONSTITUTION! He says therecan be peace with a recognition of the ancientrights of each State. Behind this assurance is character;a man of sterling integrity, public and private;an honest man whose word is as good as hisbond. Can this nation afford not to heed the conclusionssuch patriots reach? EACE ONSTITUTION His conclusion is that the Union-can be restored!A love of this—the Union of co-equal States undera Constitution formed for common purposes—stillabides in all the States, still lives in the States thatare in rebellion in a minority who aro not and neverhave been in rebellion; and have not and cannot beput in rebellion by the whole of the Secession ordinances,so called. They are loyal Unionist. Theyare better loyalists than the tribe of Northern GarrisonAbolitionists, for they are for the Constitution—for the local government in its legitimate localsphere, and for the entire maintenance of the supremelaw in its legitimate national sphere. This isgenuine LOYALTY. This is a support of the lawsand the Government of this land. Those who, Northor South, violate the national sphere, are in secession;and those who support the local and generaldepartments, as parted off in the Constitution, arein harmony with the vital principles that made thisRepublic. not have been There is literally no party south of Mason andDixon's line for the Abolition policy that the Garrisonset have wrung from President Lincoln. Thisis subjugation by sixteen States of fifteen. States,and rule over them which is repugnant to our polity.The great party under McClellan—leaving slaveryto the mercy of events—is for tendering theUnion under the Constitution to the South; theUnion that had its foundation in mutual recognitionof the rights of the States; in the admiration feltfor the people of one State for the virtues and patriotismof the people of other States; in the hatredof factionists and tyranny and arbitrary powereverywhere; in the love of a republican maxim ofa Government of LAWS and not of MEN. In proportionas these feelings are mutual will the oldUnion come back. party AWS EN. While President Lincoln, in his ukase, addressed"To whom it may concern," and his party stand, asit were, with a club, saying to Georgia, "pass underour caudine forks, re-arrange your local polity,abandon slavery, and we will let you be of theUnion;" General McClellan and his party say, withthe word of conciliation, "come back to your allegiancein the Union, and your ancient right of fashioningyour local polity shall be sacred, and thereshall be peace."—Boston Post. Boston Post. 
