 ON THE WELDON RAILROAD, Va.,Sept. 24, 1864. N THE ELDON AILROAD The questions, are every day asked:—"How willthe soldiers vote?" "Are they not anxious forpeace?" "Do they not recognize in McClellan,their favorite general, the means of bringing thewar to a speedy close; and therefore will they notgive him their unanimous support?" I wish I wasable to answer satisfactorily all these questions, andexpress faithfully the deep interest felt in the armyin the present political campaign. In the first place,the soldiers who nerved under McClellan, and usedto be so clamorous for his reappointment to thearmy of the Potomac, have long ere this ceased tocall for "Little Mac." Though perhaps the presentarmy is not no expressive in its love for Grant, yetno general was ever honored by a command whichfelt such perfect confidence in their lender's powerand ability as is our brave Lieut-General to-day. Inthe commencement of the Summer's campaign, the"boys" were doubtful. So many had tried andfailed that they looked again for the same result.But we had not been beyond the Rapidan twoweeks before all were convinced that the right manhad been found at last; and every move since thenhas made them stronger and more confident in thisbelief. McClellan's name will never be forgotten, itis true, but the superiority of Gen. Grant and hisgeneralship will always be recognized. The soldiers have no fault to find with the presentadministration. Abraham Lincoln has alwaysbeen the soldiers true friend. Their welfare andinterest have always been his first thoughts. He isno respecter of rank. I have seen him extend hishand to greet the private soldier as cordially andheartily as he would if the man's shoulders had beenhonored by "stars" or "bars." They are his boys!—and no father could be more tender or loving.When on duty in Washington, we had an opportunityto notice much of his private life. Severaltimes a day he would pass from the White House tothe War Department. A private walk through theyard of the Presidential Mansion connects the two,and a sentinel was then posted at the gate and doorof the Department. The President as he walkedalong, looking upon the pavement, was always indeep study, pondering, perhaps, over some schemeor plan; and frequently meeting some high civil ormilitary officer of the Government, he would passhim unnoticed, or looking up, pay him hardly anod or look of recognition; but when he came tothe sentinels, dressed in Uncle Sam's blue, he wouldlift his hat and smile—as only a kind-hearted mancan smile—in answer to their salute. In his mindthe soldiers, who had answered his call for aid tosustain the Government, were the most worthy ofnotice How many little acts of kindness to disabledsoldiers or to their families are recorded of him!We will not repeat them now. There is not a soldierin the field who has it in his heart to find oneword of fault with one who has on so many occasionsproved himself their generous benefactor.  As to "peace on any terms!" Does any onethink for a moment that the soldiers, who have beenthe real sufferers, whose blood has been freely shedon the numerous hard fought fields, which will everbe conspicuous in history, whose hundreds of comradehave fallen and are now sleeping beneath thesoil of the ill-fated confederacy, are so blind, so lostto every feeling of pride and patriotism, that theyare willing to give up, to declare the war a failure,and sue for a disgraceful peace, just at the momenttoo when they nave their enemy at an advantage,and the long looked for reward is just before them,because they are tired of the war and fear to prosecuteit farther? Oh, shame! Have you no betteropinion of those who are striving their almost to upholdthe integrity of our once glorious nation? No!The cry for peace, upon anything but honorableterms, never came from the army; and the soldierswill never support a man who stands on a platformwhich advocates a compromise with traitors. Itisthe traitorous enemy at the North—the base copperheadswho are striving to help their more honorablebrothers of the South, that raise the cry of peaceand cessation of hostilities; the cowards who havethe fear of a draft and heavy taxes before them.They care not for the honor of the nation and itsdefenders, but look only for their own safety andselfish ends. Better far for the soldier to fight it outto the bitter end, to leave their bones to bleach onthe fields of battle, than to return home in disgrace,with nothing to repay them for all they have suffered;through all future years, while life lasts, tobe pointed at as those who fought in "Abe Lincoln'suseless war," —degraded, dishonored, avoided by all. But no such shameless result is in store for us.The political campaign will result in the re-electionof the present Chief Magistrate. And what soldiersare allowed to vote will swell the popularticket. The New England regiments, as far as Iam able to judge, are almost unanimous for Lincoln.Perhaps those of New York and, Pennsylvanina willbe more equally divided. In a vote taken in Co. A,of this regiment, fourteen ballots were thrown forLincoln, four for McClellan; and this no doubt, isthe proportion throughout the regiment, and everyother from the old Bay State. But we are doingmore by our victories in the field to support ourfavorite than we could at the ballot-box. Alreadythe news from Sherman and Sheridan and Farraguthave had their influence to dishearten the rebelsboth North and South. Their last hopes are concentratedin the defeat of Lincoln. At the Northyou must fight the battle at the polls; and may wehere in the South, with our leaden votes, achieve avictory as complete! Together we can soon have apeace, on our own terms, honorable, lasting, andglorious. Support us, and give what aid lies in thepower of every citizen, and the grasp GeneralGrant now has on the throat of the rebellion willtighten, and its death struggle will soon be apparent.And, who then will be more honored, more loved,than he who has stood so bravely at the helmthrough all the terrible storm which threatened toengulf us—Abraham Lincoln? Abraham Lincoln? H. ☞The Boston Courier makes the inquiry, "Howwill the soldiers vote?" Courier As an answer to the query of the Courier, we arepermitted to take the following extract from aprinted letter sent home by a Haverhill soldier, previousto the war a rigid old line Democrat, and nowserving out his third year in Warren's corps, on theWeldon railroad, before Petersburg: Courier Democrat "As to your query, who will be the next President,Old Abe Lincoln;" and if I had a millionof votes, he should have them. If I was obliged, tovote otherwise, I should vote for Jeff. Davis, beforevoting for his lickspittle of the Chicago Convention.Master before servant. If the army were to vote,the 'Little Mac' vote would be small among themen that are at the front. The sneaks that haveskulked around the capital and invalid corps for ayear or eight months, officers that are or ought tohave been cashiered for cowardice, almost unanimouslyvote for him. That is my experience in the armyof the Potomac. It is a joke with us, that when we see a man drunk,throwing his hat and coat into the mud, and wantingto lick everybody, and calling everybody sonsof bitches, that there is another man for 'LittleMac,' and it is almost invariably so." The writer of the letter from which the above extracta taken was born and bred in Haverhill, andis well-known to many of our citizens as a Democratof the "straitest sect." The letter was so addressedthat he could not have had the remotest idea of itspublication. Democrat Will the Courier please copy?—Haverhill Gazette. Courier Haverhill Gazette. 
