 Extract from a factious speech recently deliveredat New Albany, Indiana, by Hon. James Guthrie,of Kentucky:— This is the first time since Abraham Lincoln waselected—the first time since be violated the Chicagoplatform of 1860—since he violated the laws ofCongress—since be violated the Constitution, thatthe Democratic party have had a chance to speak.And now it will spent until it saves this great republic—this precious Constitution. It will speak atthe ballot-box, the great and sacred forum fromwhich every citizen may speak with power. I have a right, as a Democrat, to speak of JeffDavis and Abraham Lincoln. They were bothborn in Kentucky, and both have disgraced that noblecommonwealth, and her principle of equal rightsand just laws. Both of them take men againsttheir wills to fight their battles. Lincoln is doingthis now—forcing men to fight for the abolition ofshivery, not the restoration of the Union—sendingmen into your houses with bayonets to bold in awepeaceable loyal citizens. He has to-day scatteredthroughout the loyal States of the North to dominateover a free people, soldiers enough to subjugateJeff Davis's confederation. I am for peace—for a pace that will give as backthe old Union under the Constitution. I was a memberof the Peace Congress in 1861. In this CongressI was for peace, concession, and renewed guaranteesto all the States. I believed then, as now,that the great waste of precious blood which hastaken place would not restore the Union. I askedthat the seven border free and the seven borderslave States might propose a basis for the settlementof all difficulties. They would have proposed sucha basis as would have been a full, final, honorable,and satisfactory settlement. But the radicals inthat Congress would not consent to it. Neither theAbolitionists of the North nor the Secessionists ofthe South would consent to it. They would havenothing but blood. Well, have we not had-blood tothe heart's content of the nation? Even preachershave preached war, and desolation, and blood; thetemples of the meek and lowly Jesus have beenmade the temples from which war, and rapine, andblood have been preached, by ministers with handsdripping in blood. This must be ended. We willbold out the olive branch like a great, and magnanimous,and powerful people. We will offer to theSouth their rights in the Union under the Constitution.We will guarantee these rights, and disposeof conflicting and vexatious questions, so that neveragain will the tocsin of war be sounded whichshall arm father against son, and brother againstbrother. concession 
