 At a meeting of the McClellan Club. in Ward11, last week, Colonel Greene, editor of the BostonPost, relieved his mind by uttering the following piousdenunciations of such of the clergy as sustainthe Government against Southern traitors. Colonel Greene said he wished to address theClub but for a few minutes upon a single topic, andpreceded to remark that one of the most unfortunatefeatures of the present condition of politicalparties is the course adopted by many clergymen—who abandoned their high calling as missionariesof love, peace, forgiveness, to advocate slaughterand gloat over the madness of human passionis its destruction of human life; who encourageand aggravate cruelty and aggression to a degreeappalling to the dullest sensibility. To behold suchfalse guides enter the holy sanctuary as the disciplesof the blessed Saviour who gave his life to promotegood will among men, and there invoke devastationand death upon the children of that Heavenly Parentwho created and cares for all, is to witness an insultoffered to a benign Deity under the guise ofhomage—an outrage upon common decency andpropriety, meriting the rebuke of all who regardthe Holy Scriptures as the Laws of God. Suchconduct seems offensive both to heaven and earth;it can afford satisfaction only to those dark spiritswho rejoice in man's misery and abasement. Theduring sacrilege, too, of such expounders of the gospelof revenge must be revolting to any mind imbuedwith reverence for pure Christianity, whiletheir audacious profanity challenges the anger ofthe Great Master whose name unworthy servantstake in vain, and whose attributes they strive to sinkin the level of their own wicked deeds. Ordinary parochialduties are often disregarded—words of instructionand consolation withheld—affliction leftwithout spiritual comfort—the dying without prayers;and I should not be surprised it even the ceremoniesof the grave were abbreviated that the officiatingclergyman might answer an engagement toharangue a political caucus! And such sacerdotalorators stand up in their surplices, and assume to pronouncethe will of God as within their own knowledge,thus defaming the Great Creator and Governorat the Universe by representing Him as having pleasesin the wraith of man—in the deadly strife of fatheragainst son, brother against brother, and in the violationof the very precepts He has given to ensuresalvation. Such is the office of Political Priestcraft!Should it not stand condemned before menand angels? I have been led to reflect uponthis aspect of the present canvass by reading the remarksreported to have been made by a clergy manbefore a Republican meeting on Saturday evening,who declared his own mission to be that of "a ministerof the gospel of peace," and exemplified hisfitness for his vocation by breathing war—"nothingbut war, war, war," as Senator Wilson said—andillustrating his claim to belief by misrepresentingthe sections, motives and declarations of those whodiffer from him in opinion. At the same meeting, Hon. George S. Hillardspoke in the following strain:— The question before the people was not whetherslavery was right or wrong, not whether the Southernerswere right or wrong. Men were very mucha like as far as that was concerned. The questionwas what was to be done in view of the crisis beforethe people of the country. The Confederateshad been for three years and a half under a Governmentde facto, which had supplied them with allthe government they wanted, other than the governmentof the States. It had been a confederacywhich had maintained itself for three years and ahalf, and certainly had been sustained by the preponderance of public sentiment, and was at thepresent time sustained by 250,000 of the bravesttroops that had ever been marshalled by any Generalunder the sun, the question was, what are thepeople of the country to the about it? He couldunpack his heart with curses if it would do anygood, but he had never heard that a cannon packedwith adjectives ever harmed anything. Theremust either be separation—and certainly nobodydesired that—or the States must come back undersuch rights as they had before, or they must be subjugated;and the restoration could only be accomplishedunder the Constitution, without the leasttaint of ignominy, or humiliation, or disgrace. Asubjugation must be as complete as that of Polandby Russia. The question most, than, be consideredhow long it would take to do it, how much money,and how many men it would take to do it; and itmust then be considered what would be our owncondition at the end of that contest. The re-electionof President Lincoln would compel a choicebetween separation and subjugation, and a subjugationmust be sustained for at least a generation.The election of Gen. McClellan would make possible,if not probable, a restoration on terms honorable toboth parties. That was the reason why he intendedto vote for him. He could say no more at thepresent meeting; but at some future time, if thosepresent should desire to hear more from him, heshould take great pleasure in playing a few variationsupon the same theme. de facto 
