 An immense Union Maw Meeting came off inCincinnati, the 10th inst.—the largest ever held inthat city. Gen. Garfield made the speech of theoccasion, which was enthusiastically applauded.We give one or two extracts:— Another proposition of their platform relates tothe soldiers—the noble, glorious men in the field,thousands of whom have died in the defence of ourcommon country. That great convention at Chicagodid not dare to close, its labors without somereference to the soldiers. What did it say? "Resolved"—what? That we thank the soldiers?Not a word of it. The Democratic party has nothanks for soldier of the Union army. "Resolvedthat we sympathize with the soldiers of the Union."That is, we pity them. It is not the sympathy youfeel for a good man in a good cause; no, but it isthe pity you feel for a poor man who has the smallpoxor the seven-year itch! [Laughter and cheers.]We pity the soldiers in the field; that is the idea,and if ever there were given in one sentence wordsthat conveyed a mom damning insult to any livingbeing than is conveyed in that resolution in regardto soldiers, I do not know what that sentence is, orcould be. Publish it at the head of your papers;write it in your letters to the soldiers; tell themthat the Democratic party at Chicago pities them,sympathizes with them. The resolution goes on to say: "If we come intopower, we will extend our care and protection tothese soldiers." The Democratic party give protectionto the soldiers of the Union! Protectionfor what? If the words mean anything, they mean,you poor, deluded fellows, who went down there,and have been killing good Democrats, if you willonly quit it and come back, we will forgive you, wewill protect you, and won't let anybody hurt you.[Cheers.] We will forgive you for slaughteringinnocent Democrats in the South, who are only engagedin the pleasant pastime of tearing the Unionto pieces. Just come back, and we will forgive you,and see that you arc not hurt. In that resolutionthere is not a word that expresses thanks for whatthe soldiers have done, or approval of the work inwhich they have engaged. What did one of theseDemocrats say in Congress? He mentioned thenames of Shiloh, Chickamauga, Stone River, Gettysburg,and said they would go down to history asthe bitterest words ever uttered. That explainswhy Democrats look upon your soldiers with pity.Are those glorious names cursed words with thefathers and mothers who lost sons in the performanceof that noblest duly of man, the defence of hiscountry from the assaults of those who would destroyit? No, they are words of glorious memory,that will strengthen Union heart while there ishope of the nation left. They will be as immortalas the name of Bunker Hill or Yorktown. But when shall we see the end of this war? Welook down along the lines, and, having studied thisquestion, I will tell you what I think. There isjust one difficulty, which, if settled to-night, and theSouth knew it, the war would end before snow falls.They see our boys in front of them, and see no hopethere, for those boys are for the Union to the lastman. But they look over behind the boys withmuskets to Chicago, where they see men that sympathizewith them and their cause; men who reachacross Niagara River, and shake hands with them;men who in their secret organizations and otherwiseare doing all they can to help them. And they say,if we can only keep our ranks together a littlelonger, we shall see these Union people in theNorth broken down, and our Democratic friendsthere in power, who will manage the Governmentas we shall dictate. [Voices, "Never, never."]But if they should see to-day, and know that thisgreat Northern people were united in the determinedpurpose to put down the rebellion, throughseas of blood, if necessary, it would wind up theirlast hope. Their armies would be demoralized andbroken up, and it rests with you to tell them thatthere is no hope for them over here. Send theword down our lines, and let our boys shout it out,that Ohio has spoken. New York has spoken, andNew England has spoken, and they give you nohope. Let your armies shout that, and it will bebetter than a broadside, better than a bayonetcharge, better than Atlanta, better than the fall ofRichmond, for it will be the fall of the rebellionforever. I received a letter, a few days ago, from one ofour noble men who fought under General Rosecrans.He sys to me, "We are very sorry that you leftthe army, for some reasons; but we tell you you areengaged in a fight of more consequence than anyon the field. We expect to take Atlanta in a fewdays;" and they have done it; but, says he, "Atlantais nothing compared with the ballot-box in November.If you settle the question there in our favor,we won't have much more blood to spill. We willhold on until you speak in November. If youspeak right, and well, we will only have to go forward,and take the crown of victory." What will you do for the boys who tell you this?This great meeting here to-night is half an answerto the question. This crowded square tells whatCincinnati will do; and what Cincinnati does, Ohiowill do. You will close the war, and give the countrylasting peace. [Great applause.] 
