 A slave girl belonging to H n. Ch. James Faulknerof Virginia, recently accompanied him and hisfamily to the Badford Spriuts, Pal, where she wasof course free. Shine of her own color persuadedher to quit mister and mistress and opewith them to Freedom. (They seem to have supposedthat she must run and little, whereas she wasfree without this, she having been brought into aFree State by her master, and could not have beenBarely had in slavery another moment.) She wonderedWith her new friends and classmates, but her heart her on folding herself entirely among strangers,and with rather a gloomy prospect before her.Freedom in a poor, ignorant women, among nature and with no probable means of getting aLiving but by the harder and most drulgery,was not the blessed thing fancy had painful it.She resolved to return to her ever-kind master andmistress, and actually took her way to than on footand done in the dark, and arrived at their lodgingsabout and night, way  indeed, but tight happyto be ones more with those who loved and had evercherished and befriended her. Mr. Faulkner toldher she was welcomes to her liberty, and shouldhave money to go where she choose, but she rejectedall such proffers, and begged only it is receivedlock into her old station.      This is by no means a singular case. Thousandshave seen Mr. Clay's back servant Charles, whohis accompanied him not only in reported journeysthrough portions of the free States, but her hundredsof miles through Canada. Some on spoke to Mr.Clay at Niagara of the danger that this servantwould desert him in Canada, but he answered ifhe chose to do so he might in welcome, whether onone side of the Niagara or the other. Charles isan intelligent, showed them, and we pressure beloves liberty, but he did not find that sort of libertyenjoyed by man of his color in free States very inviting,and he chose to stay where he was sure ofgood treatment and a perpetual home. Yet theabolition papers have recently given columns to thetale of a runaway slave from Ashland named LewisRichardson, who complains of great cruelty ironMr. Clay's veraser, in being whipped for didienceto orders. Half a dozen of the neighbors haveunited with the everest in refitting these columns,showing that Lewis had been in exceedinglyvicious and troublesome fellow for years, had beenforbidden to net foot on sundry plantations for in conduct,and his grossly exgerated the whippinghe received and misrepresented the whole affair.It supports father, that after Lewis had ran away,a man wrote Mr. Clay from Ohio, that he could beapprehended and sent back; but Mr. Clay replied,'By he sans; I may very glad to be rid of him.'     But to returns more especially to the resent occurrenceat Bedford Springs, though them two togetherheat illustrate the thought we would impressedon the reader's mind—to wit; Time of the entirepracticability, the perfect facility of Emancipation.The most of the Southern people are deceived onthis point. They speak and soon to think of and participationas if it would not only derange but destroySouthern cultivation, uproot everything preOr pleasurable about them, and speedily involve theWhole country in immigration, rapine and members,But nothing like this would be the case. The change any way would be infinitely less thanthey imagine. Their good servants would remainwith them and in good part be servants still,wages indeed he earning the as well, by theexercise of a skill, diligence and intelligence whiska slave forbidden so read and write can never acquire.They would raise cotton as cheap as new,and, if not  ot it, their corp would bring asmuch in the aggregate as at present. A more diversifiedand therefore more promble Industrywould soon be exhibited. Lords would rise in versusEvery where, and all that they paid for wagesand schools would be more than saved in the increasedefficiency and expertness of their laborers,and in the diminished co of whi, police, neg,men-hunters, &c. &c. The best servants andthe best treated would stay where they are and ifthe idle or vicious should in part wander off into theNorthern States, the South, surely, would not hethe . Why will they not consider these thingsWhat heart of slavery to retain such prevents as Mr.Faulkner's? What wisdom of  in it to retainSuch as Lewis Richardson?    aggregate as       A SLAVE CASE.—We learn from the Frankfort,(Ky.) commonwealth, that, the Supreme Court ofOhio, Judge Wood and Blanchard presiding, have,be the consideration of a question involving the constitutionalityof such of the laws of Ohio as were designedin secure fugitive slaves from , refa decision of the Supreme Court of the UnitedStates, by which it was declared that the 'owner ofa slave, wither by himself or agent may par, arrestand return him to the State from which he  withoutthe aid of the State security I had that all legislationon which interfere with or  each is  and void, all legislation onThe  bring anti-slavery rested in .'Under the dreams, a man from , namedArrange, who was  arrest in Ohio, chargedwith kidnapping a negro, whom he had crime as arun away slave, has been discharged from custody.            
