 We have received African Repository and Co-journal (the organ of the Colonization Society)for August, and put an extract from it in itsappropriate place, the Refuge of Oppression. Besidesthe usual amount of pro-slavery matter in thisnumber, it contains a hearty recommendation of theInfernal scheme of Rev. C.C. Jones of Georgia, forsymemtically keeping gospel from the Slaves, andimposing upon them in its stead a religion suited tostrengthen and perpetuate slavery.  It is vastly important that persons intending toemigrate to Liberia in either to the next two vesselsto sail in the fall from Norfolk and New Orleans,should give us or our agents,early notice. We entrust all masters intending to send their slaves, andall administrators, who have slaves in charge to besent, and all others interested in the subject of emi-gration, or who know of any people of color wish-ing to go to Liberia, to give an immediate notice ofthe fact. It often requires considerable time to ar-range necessary preliminaries, and make indispen-cible preparations: so that it not unfrequently happens that persons almost ready when the vessel sails,are compelled to wait for six months or a year, forthis want of a few more days in which to getready. early notice. We trust that this suggestion will be duly regarded.There are many persons who are making inquiriesin regard to the advantages of going to Liberia,who would be much benefited by the suggestionswhich many of our friends might give them, orwhich they could obtain by opening a correspondence,with us, on the subject. There are no lettersthat we receive and answer with more pleasurethan those which make enquiries about emigrationto Liberia. We trust, therefore, that there will besome special efforts made to place the colored peoplein possession of the facts relating to their prospectsin Liberia. The present position of Liberia,in respect to its government, renders this very desirable.If they assume the entire responsibility oftheir own government, it will demand all the talent,wisdom and energy they can summon to their aid.We should think that the very most intelligent andwealthy colored people in this country would havesome ambition to share in the splendid results, soonto be achieved through the agency of the colonists,for Liberia! Surely, to aid in laying the foundations for a great nation, in maturing institutionsand laws for the government of a great people, andin redeeming an immense continent form the worstof Pagan darkness and barbarity, is a work infinitelymore sublime and glorious than can possibly be performedby any or all the colored people in this country, however favored may be their position, enlargedtheir opportunities, and determined their energyand perserance! When the historian comes towrite up the labors of their race, who will stand farabove all comparison, if not the bold and successfulpioneers in the only successful effort ever madefor their social,civil, and religions redemption? this country, Leaving out of view everything touching theirown personal interests, there are considerations connectedwith their race and the destiny before them,which should induce the most highly-favored ofthem in this country to seek a field of usefulness inAfrica. But when we take into consideration that inLiberia is the only place on the face of the earthwhere they and their children can enjoy the luxuryof true freedom, and infinitely advance their social,moral, and intellectual interest, is it not marvelousthat they still prefer their present inferior and unenviableposition among the whites, and still cherishthe gross delusions of which they have been madethe victims, willing to believe the most fabulous storiesabout Liberia, and shutting their eyes tightlyagainst all the light which shines upon them, andshows it to be a dictate of wisdom, as well as a demand of duty, for them to go to their fatherland andbe MEN!. We are happy to know, and to have it in our powerto inform our friends, that there are some personsintending to go to Liberia in our next vessel,who rightly appreciate the circumstances of their situation,and who are prepared to make themselvesuseful and rise to a desirable fame, should their livesbe spared. We hope that before the sailing of our next vesseltheir number will be greatly increased. We aresure it may be, if the right means are employed. 
