 The following choice piece of blackguardism isfrom a Dublin correspondent of Zion's Herald: I mentioned in my former letter the eagerness ofthe people to talk about American slavery. Theprincipal cause of it arose from the lectures, andpublished life of a notorious character who had recentlyappeared amongst them, by the name of Douglass, representing himself as liberated slave. Hehas had crowded congregations here and elsewhere,and has been unmasking the slavery of America,and drawing such horrid pictures of flogging, cropping,starving, maiming, corrupting, &c., that theraw-head and bloody-bones of Bourne's picture ofslavery is not a circumstance to it. Generally theend of all his garrulity was directed against thechurch, and the atrocities he described generallyended with, 'and that was a Methodist class-leader,'local preacher, or a member of some church or other.Such representations of churches and churchmembers, as far as they were believed, excited disgustagainst American Christianity, and many weredesirous for farther information on the subject. Ihave not met with one intelligent person who wasnot disgusted with him, and I guess he would findsuch difficulty in gaining admission to any of the churches. He is quite a facetious chap. He cansit in judgment on Christian churches and ministers,consign them by wholesale to hopeless perdition,and as I was credibly informed, return to amuse thefair ones by singing nigger songs, and dancing thePolka, at which he is quite a proficient. Do you know Douglass? Was a question almostevery one propounded. I had to answer that I knewhim by the company he keeps and the party he belongs to,and that on the subject of slavery andsome other subjects they were as rabid as mad dogs,and in our country just about as respectable. From the Havana Correspondent (M.M. Ballou) ofthe Olive Branch. The slaves of Cuba form a very large portion ofthe inhabitants, and taken all in all, appear to be avery happy and thoughtless nice. I felt much interestedin this case, and took pains to observethem. As it regards cruel treatment, it consistsalmost entirely in the fact that they are retainedin slavery, for they are otherwise very nearly aswell cared for as their masters. I am no advocateof slavery, God forbid. But I cannot refrain fromsaying thus much, after visiting the West Indies'the hot bed of slavery,' and many of our SouthernStates,—for I feel that a vast amount of crueltyis ascribed to slaveholders that is not theirdue. It is manifestly their interest to be kind andeven lenient to their slaves, and they are wellaware of the fact. I admit there are exceptions,though I knew none. GREAT MAGNANIMITY. The Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Board have voted that a bundle of the Pioneershall no longer be left at their office, that paper havingopenly set at nought the majesty ofBoardship in general, and laughed at the very solemnityof that Board in particular. In view of thisterrible interdict, the Pioneer may be said to beCapp-boarded, and 'gone by the Board.'—GraniteState Freeman. REAT AGNANIMITY. Granite 
