 DEDMAN, Aug. 6. 1846. EDMAN DEAR MISS PAINE: EAR ISS AINE Upon going to town yesterday, I found your circularwith the accompanying note requesting its insertionin the Liberator. I had before found among thepapers left in my hands after Mr. Garrison's departure,a copy of the circular, probably one of thosewhich you mention as having been sent to him. Thereason why I have not given it a place in the Liberator,is an impression I have upon my mind that the personsinterested in the Fair, are, as a general thing,hostile to the Liberator, to Mr. Garrison, and to theanti-slavery of which his name is, in the popularmind, the exponent. That your sympathies wererather with Mr. Rogers and those who follow afterhim—whose professed purpose is the destruction ofthe Liberator, of Mr. Garrison's character and influence,and of the Anti-Slavery Societies. I have animpression, perhaps a mistaken one, that I saw lastyear an acknowledgment in Mr. Rogers's Herald ofa donation from the proceeds of the last ProvidenceFair. Of course, the ladies concerned in your Fair canmake what disposition they please of the funds theyraise ; but they have no just right to expect the assistanceof the Liberator in raising them, if those fundsare to be applied to giving support or countenanceto factious persons, who devote themselves to thedestruction of it, its editor and the Anti-Slavery it represents.It does not alter the case that the meanand lying course of the persons in question has beensuch as to reader their malice powerless for evil, andthat Mr. Garrison, the Liberator and the Anti-Slaverymovement were never mere highly appreciatedor more enthusiastically sustained, than they are atpresent. This result is owing mainly, to the fidelitywith which Mr. Garrison has conducted himself inthis behalf certainly not to the good will of hisavowed enemies.  But, being charged by him with the delicate andresponsible duty of acting for him in his absence, Icannot connect to give the aid of the circulation of hispaper to any operation, when I have reason to believethat any part of its purpose is to sustain thosewho make it their business to spread defamatorystatements concerning him and the friends withwhom he acts; which, if true, would justly renderthem the  and abhorrence, not only of all abolitionists,but of all honest and honorable men. Thiscourse Mr. Garrison thought it his duty to pursue inthe analogous case of the New Organization Fair, whentheir advertisements were sent to him for insertion.  I shall be most happy to be put right, if I am mistakenin these impressions as to your Fair. If the Fairbe, indeed, is entire unity with the American A.S.Society and its auxiliaries, and with the Anti-Slaveryembodied in these organizations; and of course in unitywith Mr. Garrison, who is looked upon by theslaveholding and pro-slavery world as the incarnationof the A.S. movement, made up of these elements;and equally of course in no fellowship withthe malignant and unscrupulous enemies of both, andwith so intention of extending to them encouragementor peomiary aid, I shall be rejected to insert itsadvertisement and give it all the help in my power.Upon receiving assurances to this effect, in a shapewhich may be publicly used, you will find me mostready to give you and the Fair all the assistance,which the Liberator are my own personal exertions,can afford. I am, very faithfully, you friend and sevant. EDMUND QUINCY. MISS A PAINE. ISS   AINE. 
