 Mr. EDMUNG QUINCY: DMUNG UINCY DEAR SIR—Your letter of Aug. 6th, giving yourreasons for refusing our Circular a place in the Liberator,was duly receive, and would have been repliedto much sooner had not a multiplicity of engagementsprevented. While we must confess ourgreat surprise, that for such reasons you have refusedits publications, we thank you for the candorwish which you have stated them, and you will expectus to be equally sincere in our reply. EAR IR Admitting for the moment that we are, to questyour language, 'hostile to the Liberator—to Mr.Garrison and to the Anti-Slavery of which his nameis, in the popular mind, the exponent;'—to what doesthe objection amount ? It amounts logically, tosimply this—that unless we coincide exactly with Mr.Garrison's views, we are unworthy the anti-slaveryname and character. To adopt your view of thematter would make Abolitionists the effort servile ofman-worshippers. It would destroy all independenceof thought and action, and establish and Anti-SlaveryPriesthood more intolerant than even theso-called Christian Priesthood from which Abolitionistsare but just emancipating themselves. No matterhow devoted Mr. Garrison has been,—of howgreat have been his sacrifices in the cause, and weare not disposed to deny that they have been verygreat,—no matter if he is regarded as the 'incarnationof the Anti-Slavery movement,'—still we arebound by the highest considerations to allow nohuman being to stand between us and our convictionsof duty. We award infallibility to no one. We utterly denythe issue, which the some of your letter plainlyindicates, that it is necessary in order to be an abolitionist,to regard Mr. Garrison as the exponentof the Anti-Slavery sentiment. We find nothing inthe constitution of the American, or any other Anti-SlaverySociety, which requires this of us. A differenceof opinion with regard to Mr. Garrison's characterand influence is perfectly consistent with themost sincere and practical anti-slavery conduct.We are sorry indeed that it becomes necessary atthis period of the Anti-Slavery enterprise to evenstate so self-evident a truth. Again, admitting as before that your 'impressions'are true, we are obliged to say that the refusal forsuch reasons to publish our Circular, is a violation ofthe first principles of Anti-Slavery. such reasons From the earliest days of the movement, and uponuntil lately, what has been the great rallying cry ofabolitionists? What has been the great and only testapplicable alike to all who claimed admission to ourranks? Did we stop to ask the applicant whether he believedthis or that man honest,—or whether he wasin 'entire unity' with the American or any other Anti-SlaverySociety ? No. We should have repudiatedthe application of teats like these. Our onlytest was,—Do you believe in the doctrine of immediateand unconditional emancipation ? If so, yonare an abolitionist,—no matter with whom you agreeor disagree. Allow me to say, then, that the whole tenor ofyour letter supposes an issue, which upon antislaveryprinciples, you have no right to make. Youare travelling entirely out of the record. You doI not doubt our abolitionism, and neither will youdoubt the sacrifices and exertions of the abolitionistsof this State in behalf of the slave, when you areinformed of the fact—that during the last three years,as much money has been raised, and as many lecturerssustained in proportion to the wealth andpopulation of this State, as there has been even infavored Massachusetts. You doubt only our attachment to certain men,and certain organizations. What clues of men have warred more stoutlyagainst the authority of great names than the abolitionists?They have believed in Appealing to reason,to the ideas of right and truth in men's minds,and hove utterly repudiated all attempts to bindmen down to mere authority. And shall we believe that the present editor ofthe Liberator refuses to publish the circular of ananti-Slavery Fair,—whose object is exclusively anti-slavery,—not because we do cot believe in thegrand, distinctive doctrines of abolitionists,—not becausewe do not labor zealously in the good cause,—not in consequence of any apostacy from our earlyand dearly cherished anti-slavery principles,—butbecause we are hostile to Mr. Garrison, and not inentire unity with the American A.S. Society? Were Mr. Garrison the greatest saint on earthand the American Society and its auxiliaries the mostperfect organizations in existence,—the chum set upfor them in your letter would still he monstrous andin utter derogation of abolition principles,—principleswhich we have imbibed from the Liberator itself. Thus much we have felt obliged to say, upon thesupposition that your impressions were founded infact. We now say further that those impressionsare utterly unfounded. We are not hostile to Mr.Garrison,—to the Liberator or to the principles ofthe American or Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Societies.We are hostile only to Mr. Garrison's faults,and he and all his friends should be thankful to usfor being so;—we are hostile only to any attempt,on the part of the above mimed societies, to restrictthe terms of their organization. Your impressions are unsustained by a singleparticle of proof. The Liberator is taken by thefriends here, and distributed from the office thesame as formerly ; the fact that we forwarded ourcircular to you for publication ought to allow ourwillingness to set in uison with the MassachusettsSociety.  We have thus far abstained from referring to thecontroversy with Mr. Rogers, because that controversyhas nothing to do with the principle involvedin your refusal to publish our circular. Even admittingthat Mr. Rogers' conduct is as wicked andvillanous as you indicate, so long as we are notconvinced of it, we are justified in supporting him.You certainly do not intend so far to violate everyprinciple of justice and toleration as to oblige us toview his conduct, or that of any other person,through your or Mr. Garrison's eyes ? This wouldbe denying all right to private judgment, and worsethan the claims of Popery. The abolitionists ofthis State, some time since, stated their views relativeto the Herald of Freedom controversy, throughthe columns of the Liberator, and we have as yetseen no reason to change the opinion thus expressed. principle Ground was then taken in relation to that unfortunatecontroversy which can be maintained, andwhich the abolition sentiment of the communitywill justify us in maintaining. An attitude of hostility was assumed towardsneither party, inasmuch as both parties were tosome extent in the wrong—certainly neither wereabsolutely in the right. We cannot be driven from our position by anyattempt to deny to us the name of abolitionists.We fear no such attempts. Abolitionists we are.To deny us the name will not prevent us from beingso in deed and in truth. Assail, if yon please,our anti-slavery character—we shall still labor forthe overthrow of Slavery. Refuse, if you please, toco-operate with us in the great work of emancipation, because we do not see eye to eye—because,forsooth, we refuse to believe that Mr. Garrison, orany other man, is the 'exponent' of the anti-slaverysentiment, or because we are not in 'entire unity'with the American or Massachusetts Anti-SlaverySocieties, By so doing you injure not be, 'butyourselves and the cause in which you are engaged.By so doing you proclaim your devotion in men insteadof principles, and are allowing a blind adherenceto the former to usurp the elevated and nobleposition of the advocacy of the latter. principles How the proceeds of our Fair will be disposedof has not yet been determined. They will probablybe mainly devoted to sustaining the R.I.State Anti-Slavery Society, and to such other purposesas in the opinion of the Ladies' Anti-SlaverySociety will further the cause of the slave. You have thus our reply as requested in a shapewhich may be publicly used, and we should havebeen glad to have had it appear in last week's Liberator,but for unavoidable delay. We hope youwill he able to leave it inserted in your next paper,and we also enclose a copy of your letter to us, asyou will of course wish both letters to appear together. Very truly yours, in behalf of the Managers ofthe Rhode Island Anti-Slavery Fair, AAMARANCY PAINE 
