 'Even Story sullied at last the lustre of a long lifeby a decision, the infamy of which even his largeservices cannot hide.' The above sentence is taken from some remarksby Mr. Wendell Phillips upon an opinion given bythe City Solicitor, in his official capacity, as to thelegality of separate schools for colored children,which remarks form no appendix to the 'Report ofthe Minority of the Committee of the PrimarySchool Board, on the Caste Schools,' a pamphlet recentlypublished in this city. The decision referredto in that in the case of Prigg va. the Commonwealthof Pennsylvania, (16 Peters, 539,) in whichthe main point derided was that an act of the Stateof Pennsylvania which punishes as a public offencethe seizing and removing a slave by his master wasnull and void as conflicting with the well knownprovision of the Constitution, respecting fugitivesfrom labor. These few words of Mr. Phillips have been readby the writer of this communication, more in sorrowthan in anger. They furnish much food forreflection. They make us regret, first of all, thatthe fires of fanaticism should have burned out ofhis heart one of the strongest and most sacred of itsinstincts; respect for the dead. Granting, whichwe do not doubt, that he is sincere in his convictions,it argues a strange insensibility or a ferocityhardly human to utter these bitter words—-so insultingto the dead, so wounding to the living, nowthat he at whom they are aiming is removed fromthe sphere of mortal emotions. The grave is everthe greatest reconciler and peace-maker. Upon itspeaceful bosom, our evil passions repose, with himwho was their object or their victim. The gatheredhatred of years is arrested by those dark portals,which are ever opening to receive but never as restore.But the ruthless intolerance of Mr. Phillipsis stronger than death and more pitiless than the,grave. But who is it whose memory is thus assailed? Isit a common man, whose dust can claim no otherprotection than the world-wide mantle of death?—No; it is a man great as well as good; whose longlife was crowded with useful and honorable labors,and with generous efforts and sacrifices for others,whose heart was full of gentleness, kindliness andtolerance, who thought no evil of any one, who wasnot more remarkable for the distinguished abilitywith which he performed his functions as a magistrateand a judge, than for the simplicity and sweetnessof his manners and the general warmth of hisheart, whose fame is one of our best national possessions,and in whom our country is crownedwherever laws are administered and justice is respected.The memory of this illustrious and admirableman is branded with ' infamy.' 'Infamy'is a strong word to be used in speaking of a judge.A wise and just man would hardly apply it to thecorruption of Macclesfield ; still less, to the weaknessof Bacon. The brutal Jreffreys is the onlyjudge in English history, whom we can at this momentrecall, as being worthy of ' infamy.' And yetthis is the word which Mr. Phillips permits himself,to couple with the name of Story. But let us analyze the words. To authorize thecharge of ' infamy' against a judicial opinion, itmust be not only wrong, contrary to law and justice,but also given from corrupt and wicked motives.There can be no moral element in a meremistake. A judge is fallible and may make awrong decision. In every case, there is one partywho will be dissatisfied with a judge's opinion, forwhere one must gain, one must also lose. But nowell constituted mind ever arraigned the motivesof a judge, from the mere fact that he had given adecision against him. If Judge Story's decision in the case of Prigg be'infamous,' it must be not merely because it waswrong, but because he knew it to be wrong. Nowwas it wrong? This of course is a matter of opinion,about which men equally wise and good mayreasonably differ. That it was the opinion, notmerely of Judge Story, but of the Supreme Courtof the United Suites, is certainly? legal presumptionin favor of its correctness. But suppose it torest upon his authority alone, how does the casestand ? Judge Story and Mr. Wendell Phillips areat issue upon a legal question. The remark of Mr.Phillips is, it will be observed, au assertion, not anargument It rests therefore upon the weight ofhis authority alone. If it be wrong, it is becausehe thinks so. Now it is no disparagement to Mr. Phillips tosay that his opinion on a legal question is of verylittle value. Though trained to the bar, his pursuitsand interests have for many years lain in anotherdirection. His forte is popular eloquence, in whichdepartment he has very few equals. It is not toomuch to assert that there are twenty or thirty persons,at least, at the Boston bar, whose legal judgmentis of more value that that of Mr. Phillips.On the other hand, there is no man living whoseopinion on a legal point would be entitled to morerespect than that of Judge Story. An EnglishJudge has remarked in substance that an expressedopinion of Judge Story's adverse to a recorded decisionof an English Court of Justice, would makethe question and open one and entitle it to a rehearing.Nothing can be stronger than this; and, webelieve, it expresses no more than the sense entertainedby the bar both in England and America asto the respect due to Judge Story's legal judgment. Under these circumstances, a little of that self-knowledgewhose pedigree the Roman poet tracesto Heaven itself, might have led Mr. Phillips topause ere he uttered so sweeping a condemnationof the opinion in question. But providence hasbountiful compensations in store for us; and aman's own sense of his fitness to form and expressa particular opinion, is often in inverse proportionto that entertained by the rest of the world; andthe balance of self-complacency in kept in equilibrium.But suppose that the opinion was mistakenin point of law, does any one imagine that JudgeStory did not express his sincere convictions? Doesany one imagine that he did violence to his judicialconscience in pronouncing it? Such a suppositionis so infinitely removed from possibilitythat it does not awaken even our indignation. Itbecomes ludicrous, grotesque. We can only supposethat he who makes or insinuates it, is essayinga very stupid joke, or that he is beside himself. Itis like calling Washington a coward, or Hamilton afool. The dignity of anger is wasted upon such charges. The issue between Judge Story and Mr. Phillipsmay now be tried by an impartial public. We putit to them, whether any amount of zeal in a goodcause, even, can justify the letter in bringing so cruelin accusation; whether it can be even explained,except by a perversion of judgment which makeshim hardly responsible for what he does or says, orby a want of moral sensibility which puts him almostbeyond the pale of human sympaties. But, Mr. Editor, you will indulge me with somefurther observations, suggested by this theme. Iam opposed to the institution of slavery; perhaps asmuch to as Mr. Phillips is. I am ready to makeany efforts or sacrifices likely to promote its abolition.I have therefore viewed with peculiar painthe bitterness of speech and ferocity of denunciationwhich of late have characterized the proceedings ofthe abolitionists. They insist upon infusing a moralelement into an honest difference of opinion.They will not allow that there can be any differenceof opinion which is honest. Whoever doesnot agree with them in their views of duty on thissubject is nothing less than coward, a liar or atraitor. We have seen how one of the most eminentamong them deals with the memory of JudgeStory, because he could not conscientiously interpretthe Constitution as they would have had him.The case of Gov. Briggs is also in point. Hecauses a proclamation in the exercise of his officialduty upon the subject of Mexican war. Thatproclamation contained expressions which suyof his political fiends regretted and thought uncalledfor. But that was all. Nobody doubtedthat he was stopper in the opinions he expressed.But the abolitionists instantly proclaimed and publishedhim to be a trator more infamous than BenedictArnold.  A considerable portion of the whig party is stronglyanti-slavery and decisions to put the State of Massachusettsinto an attitude of opposition to slavery,as firm as is consistent with respect for the constitutionand the preservation of the Union. Onewould think them entitled to some sympathy andcountenance from the abolitionists. But no so.A iss, it seems, is quite as good as a mile. In arecent number of the Anti-Slavery Standard thereis an editorial article of the most contemptuous andinsulting character upon this portion of the party;declaring them to be probably abolitionists and dis-unionistsin their hearts, but afraid to utter theirtrue sentiments. Here with one stroke of the pen,a writer proclaim thousands and ten of thousandsof respectable men to be cowards and ; theirlives a long lie.   No one denies that the Abolitionists are engagedin a noble enterprise. No one, who knows anything about them, will deny the sincerity of theirconviction and the purity of their motives. Theblameless uprightness of their daily lives, their energy,perseverance and self-sacrifice are worthy ofall praise. But does it never occur to the moderateamong them, at least, that this habit of fierce vituperation—this practice of keeping the most woundingand blistering epithets in the English languagealways at hand in a dredging-box, as it were, andliberally besprinkling: every page of their publicationsfrom it—-is unchristian, is unjust, and mustrecoil with injurious effect upon themselves? Theabolition of slavery in the United States must bethe work of time, and can only be accomplished bya variety of co-operating influences. Moral reformsare never brought about by the exclusive aid ofthose who first break ground in them, though thesemay jointly claim the largest share of the praise.The desired end is only effected by a preponderanceof public sentiment in its behalf. Before youcan prevail, you must enlist in the cause thatclass of men whose views and opinions are entitledto respect, not merely upon the particular subject,but upon all subjects. Slavery will never be abolishedby fervent appeals to the sensibilities andmoral sentiments alone. Now the course of theAbolitionist, their violence, their extravagance, theirintolerance, their habit of evil speaking, must tendto disgust and alienate that class of men, withoutwhose help the end they desire can never be accomplished.Their ranks will be occupied bymen, exclusively, of tempestuous sensibility andwild fanaticism, whose opinions, for that very reason,can never command any general respect, andid whose blatant and flatulent rhetoric, alone, will beas ineffectual to abolish slavery, as drums and trumpetsto capture a fortress. How different was thecourse of Wilberforce, Clarkson and their associatesin England, and how much more slow would havebeen their progress had they not subdued oppositionby gentleness, and disarmed their enemiesby those soft answers that turn away wrath. Mankindare like bees. They are more attracted byhoney than by vinegar. One word more and this long communicationshall be brought to a close. Mankind are imperfectand fallible. You cannot expect in the majority ofmen the highest Christian virtues; or, at any rate,you will not find them. The flesh will quiverwhere the pincers tear. Men will not hear to hearthe words treason and infamy coupled with thosewhose persons they respect and whose memoriesthey reverence. Hence the direct tendency of suchlanguage is to a breach of the peace. Mischiefwill hunt the violent man, whether this violence bein word or deed. Out of this heat a viper willcome. There is an old proverb which says thatcurses are like young chickens, they always comehome to roost. The man who habitually uses languagecalculated to arouse evil and destructivepassions, cannot reasonably complain if they sometimessuffer from the violence of these passions. 
