 [From the Atlantic Monthly for August.] The submission of the rebel armies and the occupationof the rebel territory by the forces of theUntied States are successes which have been purchasedat the cost of the lives of half a million ofloyal men, and a debt of nearly three thousandMillions of dollars; but, according to theories ofState Rights now springing anew to life, victoryhas smitten us with impotence. The war, it seems,was waged for the purpose of forcing the sword outof the rebels' hands, and forcing into them the ballet.At an enormous waste of treasure and blood,we have acquired the territory for which we fought;and lo! it is not ours, but belongs to the people wehave been engaged in fighting, in virtue of theConstitution we have been fighting for. The Federalgovernment is now, it appears, what Wigfallelegantly styled it four years ago,—nothing but"the one-horse concern at Washington": the realever is in the States it has subdued. We aretherefore expected to act like the savage, who, afterthrashing his Fetich for disappointing his prayers,falls down again and worships it. Our Feticha State Rights, as perversely misunderstood. Therebellion would have been soon put down, had itbeen merely an insurrectionary outbreak of massesof people without any political organization. Itstremendous force came from its being a revolt ofStates, with the capacity to employ those powers oftaxation and conscription which place the personsand property of all residing in political communitiesat the service of their governments. And nowthat characteristic which gave strength to the rebelcommunities in war, is invoked to shield them fromFederal regulation in defeat. We are required tosubstitute technicalities for facts; to consider therebellion—what if notoriously was not—a mere revoltof loose aggregations of men owing allegianceto the United States; and to hold the States, whichendowed them with such a perfect organization andpoisonous vitality, as innocent of the crime. Theverbal dilemma in which this reasoning places us isthis; that the rebel States could not do what theydid, and therefore we cannot do what we most.Among other things which it is said we cannot do,the prescribing of the qualifications of voters in theStates occupies the most important place; and it isnecessary to inquire whether the rebel communitiesnow held by our military power are States, in thesense that word bears in the Federal Constitution.If they are, we have not only no right to say thatnegroes shall enjoy in them the privilege of voting,but no right to prescribe any qualifications forwhite voters. In the American system, the process by whichconstitutions are made and governments institutedin by convention of the people. The State constitutionswere ordained by conventions of the peopleof the several States; the Constitution of theUnited States was made the supreme law of theland by conventions of the people of all the States;and the only method by which a State could be released,with any show of legality, from its obligationsto the United States, would be the assent ofthe same power which created the Federal Constitution,—namely, conventions of the people of allthe States. The course adopted by the so-called"seceding" States was separate State action bypopular conventions in the States seceding. Thiswas an appeal to the original authority from whichState governments and constitutions derived theirpowers, but a violation of solemn faith towards theGovernment and Constitution decreed by the peopleof all the States, and which, by the assent ofeach State, formed a vital part of each State Constitution.No State convention could be called forthe purpose of separating from the Union,—of destroyingwhat the officers calling it had sworn tosupport.—without making official perjury the preliminarycondition of State sovereignty. Lookedat from the point of view of the State seceding,the act was an assertion of State independence;looked at from the point of view of the Constitutionof the United States, it was an act of Statesuicide. The State so acting through a conventionof its people was no longer a State, in the meaningthat word bears in the Federal Constitution; for,whatever it may have been before it was one of theUnited States, it was transformed into a differentpolitical society by making the Federal Constitutiona part of its own organic law. In cutting thatbond it bled to death as a State, as far as the FederalConstitution knows a State, to rise again as arebel community, holding a portion of the Federalterritory by force of arms. A State, in the meaningof the Federal Constitution, is a political communityforbidden to exercise sovereign powers, andat once a part of the Federal Government, andowning allegiance to it. Is South Carolina, whichhas exercised sovereign powers, which has brokenits allegiance to the Federal Government, andwhich at present is certainly not a part of it, sucha political society? all It is, we know, contended by some reasoners onthe subject, that the rebel States could not do whatthey palpably did. This course of argument is sustainedonly by confounding duties with powers.By the Constitution a State cannot (that is, has noright to) secede, only as, by the moral law, a mancannot (that is, has no right to) commit murder;nevertheless, States have broken away from theirobligations to the Union, as murderers have brokenaway from their obligations to the moral law. It isfolly to claim that criminal acts are impossible becausethey are unjustifiable. The real qúestion relatesto the condition in which the criminal acts ofthe rebel States, left them as political societies.They cannot claim, as some of their Northernchampions do for them, that, being in the Union inour view, and out of it in their own, the only resultof defeating them as rebels is to restore them as citizens.This would be playing a political game of"Heads I win, tails you lose," which they mustknow can hardly succeed with a nation which hasmade such enormous sacrifices of treasure and bloodin putting them down. After having, by a solemnact of their own, through conventions of the people,foreworn their duties to the Constitution, theyby that act forfeited its privileges. In our viewthey became rebel enemies, against whom we hadboth the rights of sovereignty and the rights of war;in their own view they became foreigners; andfrom that moment they had no more "constitutional"control of the area they occupied, were nomore "States" than if they had transferred theirallegiance to a European power, and the war hadbeen prosecuted to wrest the territory they occupied,and the people they ruled, from the clutch ofEngland or France. Even if we consider theUnion a mere partnership of States, the same principlewill apply; for partnership implies mutual obligation,and no partner can steal the property ofhas firm and abscond with it, and then, after he hasbeen hunted down and arrested, claim the rights inthe business he enjoyed before he turned rogue. could not did. out But it is sometimes asserted that the small minorityof citizens in the rebel States claiming to be,and to have been, loyal, constitute the States in theconstitutional meaning of the term. Now withoutinsisting on the fact that it is so plainly impossibleto accurately distinguish these from the disloyal,that an oath, not required by State constitutions,has, in the recent attempt at reconstruction, beenimposed by Federal authority on all voters alike, itis plain that no minority in a political society canclaim exemption from political evils it had not powerto prevent. Had we gone to war with GreatBritain, the property of Cobden and Bright on thehigh seas would have been as liable to capture asthat of Lindsay or Laird. No loyal citizens at theSouth could have been more bitterly opposed to secessionthan some of our Northern Copperheadswere to the war for the Union; and yet the personsof the Copperheads were as liable to conscription,and their property to taxation, as these of the mostenthusiastic Republicans. There would be an endto political societies, if men should refuse to be heldresponsible for all public acts except those they personallyapproved. A member of a communitywhose people, in a convention, broke faith with theUnited States, and made war against it, the SouthernUnionist was forced into complicity with thecrime. By the pressure of a power he could notresist, he was compelled to pay Confederate taxes,serve in Confederate armies, and become a portionof the Confederate strength. More than this: theproperty in human beings, which he held by locallaw, was confiscated by the Federal Government'sedict of emancipation, equally with the same kindof property held by the most disloyal. And nowthat the war it over, he and those who sympathizedwith him are not the State, which was extinguishedby its own act when it rebelled. He and his friendsmay be the objects of sympathy, of honor, of reward;but in the work of reconstruction, the interestand safety of the great body of loyal citizens ofthe United States, of the persons who have boughtthe territory at such a terrible price, are to be primarilyconsulted. And not simply because such acourse is expedient, but because the SouthernUnionists can advance no valid claim to be the politicalsocieties which were recognized by the FedederalConstitution as States before the rebellion.If they were, they might proceed at once to assumethe powers of the States, without any authorityfrom Washington, and without calling any conventionto form a new Constitution. If, on the breakingout of the rebellion, they had rallied in defenceof the old constitutions within State limits, preservedthe organization of the States in all departments,raised and equipped armies, and conducted a waragainst the Confederates as traitors to their respectiveStates as well as to the United States, theymight present some claims to be considered theStates; but this they did not do, and they were notpowerful enough to do it. The large proportion ofthem were compelled to form a part of the rebelpower. new And this brings us directly to the heart of thematter. It is asserted that the acts of secession, beingunconstitutional, were inoperative and void.But they were passed by the people of the severalStates which seceded, and the persons and propertyof the whole people were indiscriminately employedin making them effective. The States held byrebel armies were rebel States. All the populationwere necessarily, in the view of the Federal Government,rebel enemies. Consequently the territoryof the States was as "void" of citizens of theUnited States as the acts of secession were "void"The only things left, then, were the inoperativeideas of States. Again, to put the argument in another form, it isasserted that, though the people of a State maycommit treason, the State itself remains unaffectedby the crime. A distinction is here made betweena State and the people who constitute it,—betweenthe State and the persons who create its Constitutionand organize its government. The State Constitutionwhich existed while it was a State, in theFederal meaning of the word, was destroyed in anessential part by the same authority which createdit, namely, a convention of the people of the State;and yet it is said that the State remained unaffectedby the deed. By this course of reasoning, a Stateis defined an abstract essence, which can comfortablyexist in all its rights and privileges, in potentia,apart from all visible embodiment; a State whichis the possibility of a State, and not the actuality ofone; a State which can be brought into the line ofreal vision only by some such contrivance at thatemployed by the German play-wright, who, in adrama on the subject of the Creation, representedAdam crossing the stage going to be created. potentia going There is, it is true, one method of getting a kindof body to this abstract State, but it is a methodwhich may well frighten the hardiest Americanreasoner. It was employed by Burke in one of theaudacities of his logic directed against the governmentsestablished after the French Revolution of1789. He took the ground that France was not inthe French territory or in the French people, butin the persons who represented its old polity, andwho had escaped into England and Germany.These constituted what he called "Moral France,"in distinction from "Geographical France"; andMoral France, he said, had emigrated. But as few or none will be inclined to take theground that South Carolina and Georgia exist inthe persons who left their soil on the breaking outof the rebellion, we are forced back to the conceptionof an invisible spiritual soul and essence of aState, surviving its bodily destruction. Bet eventhis abstraction must still, from the point of view ofthe Federal Constitution, be conceived of as owingallegiance, to the Federal Government; and it canconfessedly get a new body only by the exercise ofFederal authority. Its leading institution has beendestroyed by Federal power. Its old legislatureand governor, who alone, on State principles, couldcall a convention of the people, are spotted all overwith treason, and might be hanged as traitors, bythe law of the United States, while engaged inmeasures to repair the broken unity of the Statelife,—a fact which is of itself sufficient to show thatthe old State is dead beyond all bodily resurrection.The' white inhabitants who occupy its old geographicallimits are defeated rebels, and not one can exercisethe privilege of voting without taking anoath which no real "State" prescribes. They areall born again into citizens by a Federal fiat; theyare "pardoned" into voters; they derive theirrights, not from their old charters, but from an actof amnesty. Far from any discrimination beingmade between loyal and disloyal, the great body ofboth classes are compelled to submit to Federalterms of citizenship or be disfranchised; and theyare called upon, not to revive the old State, but tomake a new one, within the old State lines. Andall this would result from the necessity of the case,even if it were not made justifiable by the essentialsovereignty of the United States, of which the war-poweris but an incident. But if the FederalGovernment can thus give the white inhabitants, orany portion of them, the right of suffrage, cannotit confer that right upon the black freedmen? Itwill not do, at this stage, to say that the FederalGovernment has no right to prescribe the qualificationsof voters in the States; because, in the caseof the whites, it does and must prescribe them; andPresident Johnson has just the same right to saythat negroes shall vote as to say that pardonedrebels shall vote. The right of States to decide onthe qualifications of its electors applies only to loyalStates; it cannot apply to political communitieswhich have lost by rebellion the Federal characterof "States;" which notoriously have no legitimateState authority to decide the question of qualification,and which are now taking the preparatorysteps of forming themselves into states through theagency of provisional Federal-governors, directingvoters, constituted such by Federal authority, toelect delegates to a convention of the people. Itit a misuse of constitutional language to call NorthCarolina and Mississippi "States," in the samesense in which we use the term in speaking of Ohioand Massachusetts. When their conventions haveframed State constitutions, when their State governmentsare organized, and when their Senatorsand Representatives have been admitted into theCongress of the United States, then, indeed, theywill be States, entitled to all the privileges of Ohioand Massachusetts; and woe be to us, if they arereconstructed on wrong principles! 
