 The New York Herald says that Chief JusticeChase reports that it is believed that the black isdestined to be the ruling race throughout the land ofslaveholding States: Herald "The whites are enervated, demoralized, and certainto be eradicated. The blacks are vigorous, progressive,and bound to become the dominant people in less thana quarter of a century. A negro aristocracy willspring into full grown existence in all these States,elect negro members to the Federal Congress, almostwithout opposition, and hold the legislation of thatdistrict in their own hands." With Chief Justice Chase, the wish is doubtlessfather to the thought, if indeed he has, which seemsalmost impossible, any such idea as is herein intimated.How any man, whose brain has not beenturned by vague visions of the Presidency, can believein any such future for the negro, is beyondcomprehension. We shall not stop to discuss the desirableness orotherwise of this consummation, but look for a momentat its feasibility. We will take it for grantedthat when the ballot is given to the negro in theSouth, it will not be withheld from the white man.There are now more than two white men in theSouth to one negro. The ballot then will not givethe negro the superiority over the white man herecontemplated, for no man it going to vote to degradehimself. But what is the position of thewhites? They have just emerged from an unsuccessfulwar; and however honest they may be, inaccepting the situation, it is not in human naturethat their love for the negro should have been enhancedby their late experience. Besides, they arenow relieved from all responsibility in regard to him;nay, more, the negro has been placed in a positionof opposition to the whites; he has been taught tobelieve that he has all his life been defrauded, andthat any means by which he can in a measure repayhimself are justifiable. Clearly then, there will be no suffrage for the negrowithout a struggle, and there will be no suchthrusting forward of the negro as will give himprecedence to the white, without resistance to thebitter end. We have seen that, alone, the negro cannot votehimself beyond and above the white; it is quite ascertain, that being in such a minority he cannot byphysical force compel the whites to place him overtheir heads. Suppose this was to be attempted: either the negroeswould be exterminated or the federal governmentmust come to their rescue. The questionthen presents itself, is there a party in this countrywhich if desirous, by means of federal bayonets, ofdegrading or exterminating the whites of the Southfor the purpose of raising up a negro aristocracy,and bringing into Congress negro members. It is almost impossible to treat this suppositionwith any degree of calmness. It is in itself, and abstractedlyconsidered, so foolish, so absurd, so repugnantto every feeling of manliness and self-respect,that one is ashamed to consider it as a subjectwhich by any possibility can come into therange of practical questions. On the other hand,it is no more absurd, and not a particle morewicked, than the ideas and practices of the Abolitionistsfor the last thirty years; so that we are notentitled to say that it is either too ridiculous or tooshameful to be entertained, and pressed upon thepeople. Whether there be much or little of truth in theHerald's article, it is disgraceful that such ideasshould be promulgated. The negro cannot attain,and no power can attempt to thrust him, to a levelabove the whites without a sanguinary conflict whichwould drench lbs entire South with blood. Unaided,the negro would be no more in the South; aided bythe federal army and the whites of the South wouldbe exterminated. Is this what the abolitionists desire?Are they not satisfied with the carnage theyhave already caused? Is not the cup of Southernhumiliation, sorrow and ruin, 'sufficiently full, andhave not the Southern people drunk enough of thedregs of misery? Must disunion be made sure andpermanent? Is there to be no peace, no safety, nojustice for the white man? Herald's And this last question is as important to the Northas to the South; for it is self-evident that that spiritof innovation, usurpation and illegal rule whichwould thus devastate the South, overturn all law andrights, would not leave to the North the semblanceof constitutional government. We cannot maintainin the South the rule of brute force in defiance ofall justice and equity, and retain in the North ourlaws, our constitutional privileges, and our individualrights. The question is not a sectional one; it is onewhich most directly and emphatically bears uponour entire country, and its entire freedom. Wemust speedily return to our early system of law andorder, or we are wholly lost. It is for the Americanpeople to say whether they will have the wildanarchy and lawlessness of the radicals, or the Constitutionand the laws. And the decision mustspeedily be made.—Providence (Pro-Slavery, Shcon-Democratic,Billingsgate) Post. Providence (Pro-Slavery, Shcon-Democratic,Billingsgate) Post. ☞Who are the traitors in sentiment to our government;those who are struggling to bring backthe administration to a recognition of, and obedienceto the Constitution, or those who are urgingsuch measures as most inevitably overthrow all legalsafeguards, and who are clamorous for such a coursetoward the South as shall prevent their being recognizedas citizens of the United States. The radicals insist that the Southern States are,and must be kept, out of the Union; they are there-foredisunionists, striving as earnestly against theUnion as did the secessionists. The Democraticparty, on the other hand, is laboring for Union, forthe due and proper position in it of all the States,and for such a policy as will give us, politically andin feeling, one people.—Ibid. Ibid. 
