 The Richmond Whig was recently suppressed bythe military authorities for indulging in a style ofdiscussion calculated to induce a renewal of the war.After a few days, the proprietor gave satisfactoryassurances to the authorities, and was allowed to resumebusiness. In resuming publication, he bewailsthe disability which prevents his giving expressionto the fulness of his thoughts on public questions. Whig Mr. Emerson Etheridge was arrested recently inTennessee, by the military, for addresses to thepeople, in which he counselled his hearers to set thenew Constitution of the State, and certain lawspassed under it, at defiance. He has made his arrestthe pretext for a scurrilous but powerful letter,through the newspapers, to the President. Hisvenom takes its edge from the concessions Mr. Johnson,as U.S. Senator, was willing to make to avoida civil war, as contrasted with the attitude heassumed after the war was forced on the country. These cases, and others like them, are made thebasis of loud complaints by the late rebels and theirNorthern friends. They clamorously repel these invasionsof the freedom of discussion. We submit that these criminations come with abad grace from men who have stoutly denied, througha long course of years, the right of all persons todiscuss the nature and bearings of the institution ofslavery; and who have not only denied the right,but have visited the exercise thereof with the mostterrible vengeance of mob law. For at least tenyears prior to the war, neither Horace Greeley, norHenry Ward Beecher, nor Wm. Lloyd Garrison,nor any one of hundreds of such like, would havebeen permitted to live six hours in any city of theStales lately of the Confederacy. The Northernmen and journals who are now incensed at the restrictionslaid on discussion at the South, wouldhave esteemed the hanging of either of the personsnamed, in Charleston or Richmond, as a commendableexhibition of chivalry. If the Federal armieswere disbanded or removed from the South, not amonth would elapse before the unconditional Unionmen resident there would be completely silenced,and most likely thousands of them assassinated.Certain it is, all discussion as to slavery would beforcibly stopped, the instruction of blacks would beabrogated, and their rights, acquired by militaryservice, would be derided and trampled upon. BeforeSouthern men set up as victims of the proscriptionof free speech and a free press, it would bewell for them to set an example of at least toleratingfree discussion in others.— Honesdale Republic. Honesdale Republic. 
