 CHARLESTON, S.C., July 17, 1865. HARLESTON While the steamer was approaching Hilton Head,I was sitting on deck engaged in conversation witha rebel officer who had been spending severalmonths on Johnson's Island as a prisoner of war,and was now on his way to his Southern home.He was a fine, stalwart fellow, in the very bloom ofmanhood, of pleasant address, and an intelligentexpression of countenance: The conversation wassoon turned upon his personal situation and prospects.I would not attach much value to what wassaid, had I not heard the same sentiments expressedby a number of other Southern men, and had Inot reasons to believe that they are indicative ofthe way of thinking of a large and influential classof people. He was glad to get home again, very glad. Hehad entered the army in 1861, and had not beenhome since. For many months he had not hearda word from his family. "I am planter," said he, "or, rather, I was aplanter before the war. My plantation is in Georgia,south of Savannah, not far from Darien. Ihave 4000 acres of land and about ninety negroes.I was well off, I assure you. But what am I now?My slaves are all gone; I am sure they are.Whether my house is still standing I do not know,but I am sure every thing about my, plantation isgone to wreck and ruin." "Well, what are you going to do when you gethome?" "Do? I don't know, sir, no more than the manin the moon. May be some of my negroes, whenthey hear that I have come home, will come backto me. They were always faithful to me. I treatedthem well; lost but one in four years by death,of congestive fever." "Well, then, if some of them come back to you,you will make contracts with them, give them fairwages, and go to work again, will you not?" He looked surprised. "How so? make contractswith them?" "Well," said I, "you know slavery is abolished,and if you want the negroes to work for you at all,yon will have to make agreements with them, aswith free laborers." "Yes," said he, "I have heard of this. I knowthat's the intention. But, now, really, do you thinkthis is a settled thing? Now, niggers won't workwhen they are not obliged to. A free nigger isnever good for any thing. I know the thing won'twork. No Southern man expects it will. No usetrying." He grew quite animated. I endeavored to convincehim, in as forcible language as I could command,that the emancipation of the slave was indeeda settled thing, and that the Southern peoplewould be obliged to try." He still remained incredulous. "Yes, yes," saidhe, "I know that's the intention. But I tell you Iknow the nigger. I know him, sir. He isn't fit forfreedom, sir. President Johnson is a Southern man,and he knows the nigger, too, sir. He knows himas well as I do, sir. He knows that the niggersmust be made to work somehow. You can't makea contract with any of them. They do not knowwhat a contract is. They won't keep a contract." I remarked that the system which he deemed impossiblewas carried out at a great many places, andthat where the military power of the governmentsaw to it that the contracts were fairly made, thesystem worked well. "Yes," said he, "as long as the Federal troopsare there, the thing may work. But the troopswill soon be withdrawn, won't they? And the peopleof the Southern States will manage their ownaffairs again, won't they?" "May be, by and by," said I, meeting his anxiouseye with a smile. "Well, isn't that the policy of the administration?You see, then, the thing won't work." I tried once more to convince him that he wouldhave to make up his mind to treat the negro as afree laborer, and suggested that if he thought hecould not, he ought to sell part of his land, andkeep only as much as he could, cultivate himself.The idea struck him as absolutely inadmissible. "Sell my land!" said he. "What shall I do ifI sell my plantation? I have not learned any thingwith which I could make a living." "You might cultivate a small farm yourself, andmake a living in that way." "Why, I can't work. I know how to manage aplantation with slaves on it. But I can't work; Inever did a day's work in my life, sir." "Then sell the whole of your land, and investthe money in some other profitable business. Whatis land worth down your way?" "Why, I don't know. Land won't sell where Iam at home. I haven't got the remotest ideawhat land may be worth there. There never wasan acre of land sold in that neighborhood, that Ican remember." He meditated awhile in silence."No," said he, at last, "I can't sell myplantation. We must make the nigger work somehow." I have now heard a good many Southern peoplespeak about this subject, some of them very, emphaticin their protestations that they accept thingsas they are, without any mental reservation,—restoration of the Union, abandonment of theright of secession, abolition of slavery and all,—but whenever you question them about particularsas to their future course, you will alwaysfind this to be the burden of the song. "The"nigger is free, to be sure, but he will not work"unless compelled to work; we must make him"work somehow we understand the matter, and"we will see about that as soon as the control of"the political power in the States is restored to"us." I believe every intelligent Southern manmust have come to the conclusion that slavery isgone and cannot be restored, but he deploresthis fact most sincerely. If the negroes, were notso "demoralized" as to render every attempt torestore the old form of slavery dangerous, I haveno doubt the attempt would be made. But the"demoralization" of the colored race does notpermit it. On the other hand, the introductionof a bona fide system of free labor is a thingwholly foreign to the Southerner's ideas. Hedoes not know what free labor is. The problemhe feels himself at present called upon to solveis, how to impose as many duties upon, and grantas few rights to, the negro as possible. make him"work somehow bona fide 
