 The Washington correspondent of the PittsburgChronicle writes as follows in a recent letter: Chronicle I have talked with an intelligent colored womanwho says "she was in the crowd at Secretary Stanton'sdoor on the evening of the assassination—thatshe was in charge of several children; and to preventtheir being hurt, placed them in the angleformed by the steps and wall of the house, so thatshe and they were almost behind Mr. Stanton whilehe stood on the steps speaking to the people; thata man in a heavy, dark coat, with his hat drawnover his face, edged his way in among the children,and kept moving his head from side to side as iftrying to get a good look at Mr. Stanton, while hekept his right hand down at his side, and she thoughthe had a pistol in it. She became alarmed, andspoke aloud to a colored man near, asking him tocome and stand between her and this man, for hehad a pistol. The colored man came and took theposition she desired, and the other moved off. Thestory was hard to believe, but her daughter statedthat she came home that evening quite excited, saying"there was a 'spicious character in the crowd, andshe thought he wanted to shoot Mr. Stanton." Ihave reason to believe Mr. Stanton knew of this,and expected to the last that she would be examinedbefore the Commission. On a visit to Mrs. Lincoln, the day she left forChicago, I said to her that I had always expectedslavery would poison Mr. Lincoln as it did PresidentsHarrison and Taylor. The idea appearednew to her, and recalled the fact that her husbandhad been very ill, for some days, from the effects ofa dose of blue pills taken shortly before his secondinauguration. She said he was not well; and appearingto require his usual medicine, blue pills, shesent to the drug store in which Harrold was employedlast, and got a dose and gave them to him atnight before going to bed, and the next morning hispallor terrified her. "His face," said the, pointing to the bedsidewhere she sat, "was white as that pillow case, as itlay just there," she exclaimed, laying her hand onthe pillow—"white, and such a deadly white! Ashe tried to rise, he sank back again, quite overcome!" She described his anxiety to be up, there was somuch to do, and her persistence, and his oppressivelanguor in keeping him in bed for several days; saidhe and she both thought it so strange that the pillsshould affect him in that way; they never had doneso before, and both concluded they would get nomore medicine there, as the attendant evidently didnot understand making up prescriptions. Couldthis have been the time spoken of in that letter producedon the trial, in which it is said the cup hadfailed once? I know an officer's widow who spent some timewith her husband in Georgia while Gen. Mitchellwas in command. She has told me of a pretendedUnion woman, in a small town where they were stationed,who kept a boarding-house for Union officers;of the large number of invalids among theseboarders, and her especially remarking the excessiveand peculiar pallor of these invalids. Soon thenumber of deaths attracted attention, and an investigationwas ordered of the charge that thisfemale fiend had been poisoning her boarders. Whilethe case was pending, some order changed the troopsoccupying the town, and my informant never learnedhow the matter ended, but her description of thepallor of the victims so coincides with Mrs. Lincoln'saccount of our Martyr's appearance after takingthe blue pills, that it has occurred to me those monstersmay have some peculiar method of poisoning.Moreover, it is highly probable that our political assassinationsare not yet over. A conversation was overheard the latter port oflast month, on a dark night, between a knot of menwho distinctly detailed a plan for shooting PresidentJohnson on the Fourth. The speakers were to stationthemselves at different points in the crowd, andwhile he should be speaking at Gettysburg, at asignal, fire simultaneously. This conversation waspromptly reported to Col. Baker by Judge Day, whotold me of the fact. The person who heard it was a colored woman,late a slave, who knew of Judge Day as the slaves'lawyer, and unburdened herself to him of her greatsecret. After he had reduced her testimony towriting, he sent her with it to Col. Baker. An intelligentwhite woman on the evening after the executions,overheard one man say to another that"the d—d blue-legged Yankees had not made muchof the conspiracy out, and were not done with ityet." Such conversations have been by no means uncommonhere during the past four years, and thatagainst Mr. Lincoln's life attracted but little attentionhere once, but such threats seek the cover ofdarkness now. 
