 WAYLAND, Mass., July 23, 1865. AYLAND DEAR MR. TILTON: EAR R. ILTON I have been reading last Saturday's Liberator,wherein I find declarations from various sourceswhich invigorate ay soul, as a shower-bath at day-lightinvigorates the languid body. I refer especiallyto Senator Wilson's speech at the meeting of coloredmen in Washington, the best he ever made, tomy thinking, though he has made many good ones.Also the thoroughly hearty and bold speech of Gen.Palmer, at Louisville, Ky., on the Fourth of July;and the excellent Letter from the Hon. John Covode. Liberator Regarding war as a barbarism which demoralizesand disgraces civilized society, I am unable to enterinto the military enthusiasm of the day; but suchsoldiers as Saxton and Palmer, who are true to theidea of Universal freedom, and who use militarypower to protect the helpless, inspire me with reverence,for they are moral heroes, who are burning upevil things in a flame holier than the flash of gun-powder. I confess so great apparent inconsistency of feelingduring the course of events in the last fewyears. I detected war, with all my heart and soul;yet I was mortally afraid our terrible struggle wouldend too soon. I have never wavered in my convictionsthat peace principles were the highest andtruest, and that human society would never be trulycivilized till they were adopted. Yet, when I puta white flag on the gate, as a signal agreed uponbetween me and a neighbor, I was indignant in hearpassers-by say, "The folks in that house belong tothe Peace Party." I was not so inconsistent as Iseemed. I dreaded to have the war end before slaverywas completely overthrown, because I foresawthat, if it did, another bloody war must inevitablyfollow. I was indignant at the misconstruction ofmy white flag by Copperheads, because by Peacethey meant compromise with Slavery. In theirmouths, Pence Party became a damaged phrase, unfitfor honest use; just as slaveholders and their professedlypious accomplices desecrated the Bible bystriving to make it prove the divinity of Slavery.People accuse Theodore Parker of diminishing reverencefor the Bible: but men who used it as NehemiahAdams did, on this subject, undermined itsinfluence a thousand fold more. And as for the NewYork Observer and the Journal of Commerce, Satanmust have laughed over such pious helpers! Anhonest soul could hardly tolerate speaking the wordreligion to the slaves, so long as hypocritical teachersmade it mean, for them, nothing more than this:"God forbids you to murder your masters, thoughthey may murder you. They have a divine rightto be your masters. You must obey them with fearand trembling, though they pollute your wife, andsell your children, and order you to scourge yourbrother to death." The more true religion a personhad, the more he would abhor this base counterfeit,which passed current under its name. I repeat thatsuch teachers made infidels by thousands. NewYork Observer Journal of Commerce such But I have wandered away from those speeches inthe Liberator, which braced me like a current ofmountain air. I was the more glad of their refreshinginfluence, because, having started withstrong faith in our new President, I had lately foundmyself asking, in tones of perplexity, graduallydeepening into distress, "What ails Andy Johnson?"Some reply that he sincerely abhors Slavery,and wishes to have that Upas Tree torn up by theroots, but that he shares the prejudice of the poorwhites against the negroes. Surely that cannot be;for, with an overflowing eloquence of the heart, hepromised the negroes of Tennessee, "I will be yourMoses till the Lord raises you up a better." Liberator I shall always remember a meeting of the coloredpeople in Boston, which I attended, on the day JohnBrown was hung. Men and women knelt in tearfulsilence when the clock indicated the hour of execution.The stillness was broken by the tremulousvoice of an old black man, a fugitive from slavery,calling out in pleading tones, "Oh Lord, thou hasttaken from us our Moses. Raise us up a Joshua!"I could not help responding with a food "Amen!"And now, if their promised Moses is going to proverecreant, I should repeat a fervent "Amen!" tothe prayer, "Oh Lord, raise them up a Joshua!" But I will not give up my faith in Andy Johnson,without more decisive proof. That he has sent sucha man as the Hon. John Covode to examine intothe condition of the freedmen in one vary good sign.Moreover, it is difficult to imagine any natural motivefor stepping down from the pedestal on whichthe people placed him in consequence of his conductin Tennessee Some say, in explanation of hisstrange and puzzling course on the question of re-construction,that his mind is entirely bent upon theelevation of the poor whites of the South, and thathe considers the civil equality of negroes an obstaclein the way of his purpose. But Andy Johnsonhas heretofore shown himself to be a man of toomuch intellectual ability and largeness of vision totake such a narrow view of the subject. He mustbe aware that the best thing for each class in thecommunity is to improve every clam to tee utmost.If any class is shut out from competition for theprizes of society, and divested of the responsibilitiesof such competition, it not only deprives that classof salutary educational influences for themselves,but it reacts unfavorably upon the classes more privileged.Slaveholders and poor whites have beenmore injured by Slavery, morally and intellectually,than the negroes have been. And much as women have been weakened by beingexcluded from the weightier responsibilities, andmore enlarged spheres of social action, I judge thatmen have lost the most by such exclusion. It is impossibleto estimate on how much higher plane menwould have stood, morally and intellectually, in theyear 1864, if, for the last two hundred years, theyhad generally found in mothers and sisters, wives anddaughters, intelligent auditors and coöperators intheir various plans and theories, moral, political, andscientific. Their favorite idea of being a sturdyoak, with women twining round them as a clingingvine, has cost them more than they wot of; thoughin numerous instances the vine is too obviously amere bindweed to the growth around which it clings. Kinmont, in his "Natural History of Mann," hassummed up, in a few sensible words, the relative positionof men and women in a well-organized society.After mentioning the account given by Tacitus ofthe bravery of the women in ancient Germany, andof their being respectfully consulted no importantpublic affairs, he says: "You ask me if I considerall this right and deserving of approbation, or thatwomen were have engaged in their appropriatetasks? I answer, Yes; it is just as right that theyshould take this interest in the honor of their countryas that the other sex should. Of course, I donot think that women were made for battle; neitherdo I believe that men were. But since the fashionof the times had made it so, and settled it that warwas a necessary element of greatness, and that nosafety was to be procured without it, I argue that itshows a beautiful state of feeling in other respectsthat the affections of both sexes were equally enlistedin the cause, that there was no division in thehouse or the state, and that the serious pursuits andobjects of the one were also the serious pursuits andobjects of the other." made Thinking of the great and blessed work doneduring these last four years by women in the SanitaryCommissions, the hospitals, and the school-housesfor the emancipated, I seemed to see a brightlight downing on our future career. Bat the visionreceded in the distance, when I looked from say windowand saw a bevy of damsels sailing by, with hencoopsin their shirts, and upon their heads a rimlesspan of straw with a feather in it—utterly uselessfor defence against wind or sun. To make this unbecominghead-gear still more ungraceful, there descendsfrom it something called by the flowing nameof waterfall, but which in fact looks more like in cabbagein a not, tricked out with hand and wampum.If I had met them in Western forests, I should havetaken them for Ojibbeway squaws, but their dresswas a la mode Paricienne. This tyranny of Francein, I suppose, one of the things that must in endured,because it cannot be helped, till our brains are betterdeveloped. In process of time, I trust the Empress Eugenie will sleep with her illustrious ancestors,and that no other fantastic queen of fashionwill come after her, to lead the civilized world sucha fool's dance. What a set of monkeys we are, infeathers and furbelows, dancing to the tune of thatimperial show-woman! Yours truly, la mode Paricienne.  L. MARIA CHILD. ARIA HILD. 
