 We make the following additional extract fromthe able and eloquent oration of Gen. Garfield atRavenna, on the 4th ult., wherein he urged withirresistible logic the right of the negro to vote: Let us not commit ourselves to the absurd andsenseless dogma, that the color of the skin shallbe the basis of suffrage, the talisman of liberty.(Applause.) I admit that it is perilous to conferthe franchise upon the ignorant and degraded; but,if an educational test cannot be established, let suffragebe extended to all of proper age, regardlessof color. It may well be questioned whether thenegro does not understand the nature of our institutionsbetter than the equally ignorant foreigner.He was intelligent enough to understand from thebeginning of this war that the destiny of his racewas involved in it. He was intelligent enough tobe true to that Union which his educated and traitorousmaster was endeavoring to destroy. Hecame to us in the hour of sorest need, and by hisaid, under God, the Republic, was saved. (Applause.)Shall we now be guilty of the unutterablemeanness, not of thrusting him beyond the pale ofits blessing, but of committing his destiny to thetender mercies of those pardoned rebels who havebeen to reluctantly compelled to take their feetfrom his neck, and their hands from his throat?But some one says it is dangerous at this time tomake new experiments. I answer, it is always safeto do justice. (Applause.) But to grant suffrageto the black man in this country is not innovationbut restoration. It is a return to the ancient principlesand practice of the fathers. Let me referyou to a few facts in our history, which have beenbut little studied by the people and politicians ofthis generation. 1. During the war of the Revolution, and in1789, the date of the adoption of our national Constitution,there was but one State among the thirteenwhose constitution refused the right of suffrageto the negro. That State was South Carolina.Some, it is true, established a propertyqualification; all made freedom a pre-requisite.But none save South Carolina made color a conditionof suffrage. 2. The Federal Constitution makes no such distinction,nor did the Articles of Confederation. Inthe Congress of the Confederation, on the 25th ofJune, 1778, the fourth article was under discussion.It provided "That the free inhabitants of each ofthese States shall be entitled to all the privilegesand immunities of the several States." The delegates from Sooth Carolina moved toinsert between the words "free inhabitants" theword "white," thus denying the privileges and immunitiesof citizenship to the colored man. Accordingto the rules of the Convention, each Statehad but one vote. Eleven States voted on thequestion. One was divided. Two voted aye, andeight voted no. (See Elliot's Debates, Vol. 1. p.90.) It was thus early, and almost unanimously,decided that freedom, not color, should be the testof citizenship. (Applause.) white freedom color 3. No Federal legislation prior to 1812 placedany restriction on the right of suffrage in consequenceof the color of the citizen. During thatperiod, the Congress passed ten separate laws, establishingnew Territories. In all these, freedomand not color was the basis of suffrage. 4. After nearly a quarter of a century of prosperityunder the Constitution, the spirit of slaveryso far triumphed over the early principles and practiceof the Government that, in 1812, South Carolinaand her followers in Congress succeeded in insertingthe word "white" in the suffrage clause ofan Act establishing a Territorial government inMissouri. One by one the slave States, and manyof the free States, gave way before this crusadeof slavery against negro citizenship. In 1817, Connecticut caught the infection, and inher' Constitution she excluded the negro from theballot-box. In every other New England Statehis ancient right of suffrage has remained and stillremains undisturbed. Free negroes voted in Maryland till 1833; inNorth Carolina till 1835; in Pennsylvania till1838. It was the boast of Cave Johnson, of Tennessee,that he owed his election to Congress in1828 to the free negroes who worked in his mills. They were excluded from suffrage in 1834 underthe new Constitution of Tennessee, by a vote of33 to 23. As new States were formed, their Constitutionsfor the most part excluded the negrofrom citizenship. Then fallowed the shameful catalogueof black laws—expatriation and ostracism inevery form, which have so deeply disgraced therecord of legislation in many of the States. I affirm, therefore, that our present position isone of apostasy; and to give the ballot to the negrowill be no innovation, but a return to the oldpath—a restoration of that spirit of liberty towhich the sufferings and sacrifices of the revolutiongave birth. But, if we had no respect far the early practicesand traditions of our fathers, we should be compelledto meet the early questions which will verysoon be forced upon its for solution. The necessity of putting down the rebellion byforce of arms was no more imperative than is thatof restoring law, order and liberty in the Statesthat rebelled. No duty can be more sacred thanthat of maintaining sod perpetuating the freedomwhich the proclamation of emancipation gave tothe loyal black men of the South. (Applause.) If they are to be disfranchised, if they are to haveno voice in determining the conditions under whichthey new to live and labor, what hope for the future?It will rest with their late masters—whosetreason they aided to thwart—to determine whetherthe negroes shall be permitted to hold property—toenjoy the benefits of education—to enforce contracts,to have access to the courts of justice—inshort, to enjoy any of those rights which give vitalityand value to freedom. Who can fail to foreseethe ruin and misery that await this race, to whomthe vision of freedom has been presented, only to bewithdrawn, leaving them without even the aidwhich the master's selfish commercial interest intheir life and service formerly afforded them? Willthese negroes, remembering the battle-fields onwhich two hundred thousand of their number havebravely fought, and many thousands have heroicallydied, submit to oppression as tamely and peaceablyas in the days of slavery? Under each conditionsthere could be no peace, no security, no prosperity. Bear with me, fellow-citizens, while I urge stillanother consideration. By the Constitution onlythree-fifths of the slaves were counted in formingthe basis of Congressional representation. TheProclamation of Emancipation adds the other two-fifths,which at the next decade will be more thantwo millions. If the negro be deprived of the franchise,we shall have fifteen additional members ofCongress from the States lately in rebellion, withoutthe addition of a single citizen to their population,and, the number of representatives beingfixed, we shall have fifteen less in the loyal States.This will not only give six members of Congress toSouth Carolina, four sevenths of whose people arenegroes, but will place the influence and power ofthe State, as well as the destiny of 412,000 blackmen, in the hands of 20,000 white men, (less thanthe number of voters in our own Congressional District,)who, under the restricted suffrage of that undemocraticState, exercise the franchise. Such anunjust and unequal distribution of power wouldbreed perpetual mischief. The evils of the rottenborough system of England would be upon us. 
