 The colored citizens of New York city celebratedthe first of August with great spirit in a grove inBrooklyn. Prof. Day delivered a very interestingand eloquent address, the closing, portion of whichwe give below: Our future is in our own keeping. I do not lookfor fall justice to-day, nor to-morrow, but the nextday, as surely as that four years of war have passed,and 200,000 black Minervas, fully armed, havesprung from the brain of the white Jupiter of thisland. My motto is, ask for justice—ask respectfully—of those who have withheld it; but ask earnestly,and sleep on your arms. Trust in the people,but trust far more in yourselves. This spirit,unitedly exhibited, will win the day. Even Gov.Perry (the loyal disloyal Provisional Governor ofSouth Carolina) is but the chaff before the windin a conflict of principles. Let him rave. Let himdeprecate. Let him warn. The majority of thepeople, of South Carolina are colored people—alwaysloyal of course—and Provisional GovernorPerry does not represent them. I look to theAmericans who profess to believe in majorityruling, to see that such an incubus shall be removed.Such an "experiment" as Governor Perry shouldnot be continued long enough to make Democraticinstitutions a mockery. That "experiment" willpass away, and the freedom not merely, but the enfranchisementof the colored people be secured.It must come. No Man or men can resist the decreesof God. We read it on blood-red waves.We read it on battle-fields four years back. Weread it on half a million lives given, cheerfullygiven, that liberty in this land might be more thana name. We read it in the history of the goodman gone. Abraham Lincoln, who, in 1859, did notthank it necessary to give the ballot to any coloredman, but who, is 1865, was willing to give it to thecolored soldier, and tan intelligent colored citizen.I wear my Lincoln badge yet. I feel like wearingit until the nation shall return to Mr. Lincoln's latestand safest policy. I see, therefore, the Statesreorganized merely sufficiently so to include everynative male 21 years of age of some kind, whetherhe be black as night or white as the icicle that'sdwindled by the frost from the purest snow andhangs on Dian's temple. I see this Governmentmade one by black and white hands, yielding up toblack men thus, effort after effort, a portion of Governmentcontrol. I see the schools thrown open forthe black child as for the white. I see black andwhite priests ministering together at the altars ofreligion. I see black men elected to petty and thento higher offices in the State. I see prefermentopen to the black man, even to the Presidentialchair. I see everywhere respect for brains andworth, moral and material. I see everywhere therecognition of the normal principle, "Man isman, and no man is more." I see, therefore, internalpeace unbroken for ages. I see a pure governmentstriving for the interest of the weaker membersof it. I see power everywhere stooping toprotect the poor. I see a nation clinging to justice,the admiration of the world. I see a civilization,not of head merely, but of heart—a civilization unlikeany except one which this tyrant-ridden worldhas ever seen—a civilization manufactured out ofworld thoughts, world sympathies, world loves.It shall go forth on the wings of the morning, abright angel visiting the homesteads of all, andleaving over every relationship of life a blessed influenceborrowed, as it were, from that law expoundedby the good Bishop Hooker—the veryleast as feeling its care—the very greatest as notexempt from its power. Tyrannies shall standabashed in its presence, and acknowledge its supremacy.Liberty, a wanderer over our world for sixthousand years, shall here fold up her wings andrest forever. Hence, if, in a word, the nation decreesthat loyal majorities in States shall not rule,but obey an oligarchy, then take notice the nationalbattle is only half fought, and must be waged untilthe true Democratic principle shall triumph. Tothat declaration we give our voices and votes, "ourlives, our fortunes, and our sacred honor." 
