 It is said that a Cossack exists under the skin ofthe most civilized Russian. Jeff. Davis's recent addressto the deserters of the rebel army would seemto show that the highest "Confederate" positioncannot obscure the principles and language of theslave-driver. None but one affiliated with that tribewould dare to charge the Government of the UnitedStates wit seeking the extermination of the Southernpeople, including their wives and children; withbeing engaged in wholesale plunder, destructionand division of property among "wretches" of"atrocious cruelty;"with incendiarism and the debauchingbauching of an inferior race with the promised "indulgenceif the vilest passions as the price of theirtreachery."No prominent man of any other nationalityat the present day would be found usingsuch vile and reckless language as this. But it isnot inappropriate to the pen of the chosen representativeof a community of slave-drivers. Beauregardhas uttered foul falsehoods at home, and Mauryhas rivaled him in his scientific slanders abroad, buttheir official chief beats them both in full proportionto his superior rank. But it may be suggested that the desperate situationof Davis is not calculated to induce him to standupon propriety or to measure his words. He ismaking a last effort to "fire the Southern heart,"and he may well risk blowing his own reputation tothe winds. In this point of view, his address is oneof the most significant developments of the wholecrisis. He acknowledges that there is a large armyof deserters now scattered over the rebel States,which he has no hopes of fathering into the ranksagain, except by this public promise and amnestyand pardon. Of course, he smooths over the excusesand reasons in favor of these absentees, butthey are clearly nothing but common deserters,whom even the strict regulations of the rebel armyhave not sufficed either to hold, find or return.They are those who have abandoned the sinkingship, who have saved themselves as they could.Precious few of them, therefore, will Jeff. Davis eversee rallying under his banner again. But into what a valley of humiliation must therebel "President" have descended, before he couldhave brought himself to thus announce the low estateof his once audacious conspiracy! It is a confessionthat the attempt to recruit the rebel army by summoningall between the ages of eighteen and forty-fiveis a failure. But when did deserters ever recruitan army? If they should ever go back, theirsecond state would be worse than the first; for itwould denote their triumph over the rules of theservice and the authority of their leaders. But theywill not go back, in numbers of any consequence.The reasons for which they ran away will keep themaway. Jeff. Davis must rely upon the force he has,subject to the daily loss by desertion. These areinsufficient to stand before the national troops, unlessthe Utter shall not be reinforced, but still furtherthinned out, through Copperhead influences.Let us take care to prevent that.—Boston Journal. Boston Journal. 
