 A State Convention, calling itself "Democratic,"met at Portland yesterday, nominated Bion Bradburyas candidate for Governor, and passed resolutionscondemning the war for the Union, refusing tosupport the Government, and declaring the Conscriptionlaw unjust and oppressive, though it sensiblyadvised no resistance to it by force. Mr. Bradbury,in a letter read to the Convention, declaredhimself opposed to the Emancipation Proclamation,the Confiscation act, and the general managementof national affairs. The fourth resolution of thisconclave asserted that "the war is conducted notfor the restoration of the Union, but for the abolitionof slavery and the distraction of the republic."It is on this ground that the convention refused tosupport the Government. Now, last Monday an important election was, heldin the State of Kentucky; the people chess a Governorand members of Congress. The Kentuckiansknow something by experience of how the war iscarried on, with what objects and on what principles.They see more of the war every day then thestay-at-home "Democrats" of the Maine Conventionhave ever seen or will ever see. Union armieshave been marching across their farms for twoyears; they have fought and beaten rebel armieson their soil; and they have suffered thereby fromthe operations incident to a state of hostilities. Ifany men in the world, then, should know whether"this war is conducted not for the restoration of theUnion, but for the abolition of slavery and the destructionof the republic,"the Kentuckians arethose men. They ought to understand that question,at least, and the more so because they have adouble interest in it—first as levers of the Union.and second as slaveholders. If it were tree, as theMaine Convention asserts, that the Administrationintends the war to destroy the Union and not to saveit, done any one believe that a single Kentuckianwould vote for it—except indeed, those recreantswho followed John C Breckinridge out of the Statewhen they found that their intrigues could notcarry the "State out of the Union? Or, if Kentuckyslaveholders believed that the war was conductedonly to abolish slavery, as the Maine Conventionpronounces, does any one suppose that asingle slaveholder would vote for a candidate whois pledged to the persecution of the war? Yet not only have such votes been thrown, but onMonday last the Kentuckians chose for GovernorJudge Bramlette, who had previously pledged himselfto the unconditional support of the Government:they elected, besides, several Congressmen of thesame  Almost the entire Union was chosen; notwithstanding the better and unscrupulousefforts of those who called themselvesDemocrats, and whose "platform" was, with alightexceptions, the counterpart of that just adopted inMaine.   What then! Are the people of Kentucky blind!Are they feels, incapable of comprehending what ispatent to every capacity? Not at all. But they—who see every day evidence of the intentions anddesires of the Administration; who know by sightand feeling now and on what plan it conducts thewar—know very well that all these charges arefalse; they are opposed, perhaps, individually to thepolicy of the Emancipation act, but they know thatthe freeing of the slaves of rebels is only an incidentof the war, and not at alt he main purpose; theyknow that it is absolutely necessary to defeat anddisarm those who are in revolt, and though theymay not approve the particular measures resortedto for that end, they vet approve the end; theyknew that the rebels themselves spare no propertyof Union man, but rob, burn and destroy everything;and the majority of them begin to see thatthe only way to deal with a rebel against the Unionit to take away his property, his means of subsistence,and especially the slaves who work for him,feel him and give him time to ride around the countryplotting treason, plunging a peaceful countryinto disorder, and destroying the estates of his loyalneighbors. There s a magnanimous and noble spirit manifestedin the attitude of the Kentuckians, as well asgood sense in their view of things; they are themselveslikely to be sufferers to a certain extent underthe policy of the Administration; they do not entirelyaccord with it; but they will not allow theirprivate judgments nor their private interests to interferewith their public duties. The men in Washington,they say, may be mistaken in this means orin that, but they are honestly and earnestly strivingto redeem the nation from rebellion, from civil war,from disorder and from division, and so long as theydo so, they shall have oar encouragement and support.How different from the position of the copperheadsof Maine, who live hundreds of miles fromthe seat of conflict, who suffer by it indirectly only,who have neither slaves nor estates to lose, andwho are yet loud in their protests that the war isdishonestly conducted, and on those false groundsrefuse to sustain the government? Is it not in factludicrous to an inexpressible degree, that while theborder slave States—Missouri, Maryland, Kentucky—lend a cordial support to the Administration, these'democrats "of the remote and secluded districtsof Mine bold back because the Administration isinimical to slavery? The fast recalls the anecdotetold by Goldsmith of two men who mat on LondonBridge during a threat of French invasion, one ofwhom was a porter sweating under his burden, andexclaimed: "The mounseers will make as work likehorses,"to which the other, a profane, drunkensoldier, replied: "Yes, and what then will becomeof our holy religion?"—N.Y. Evening Post. N.Y. Evening Post. 
