 It must be confessed that the "Democracy" ofthe State of Maine dies very hard. It seems tohave set its obdurate heart upon departing this lifein anything bet a smell of sanctity; and now, whenit holds Conventions, which mast be like a collectionof sick folk in a hospital, it always passes resolutionswhich modern events have rendered ridiculous,though we don't deny that ten rears ago they wouldhave been strictly after the regulation pattern. Thetrouble with these honest gentlemen is, that havingall their lives been licking the feet of slaveholders,or the sake of place and pelf, no severity of kickingcan rid them of the habit. Dirt-eating, as the WestIndian doctors inform us, is an incurable disease—but who would have expected to find the same oddtrouble in the nosology of Maine? It is an exceedinglyunpleasant business. The contemplation of ithas an adverse influence upon the stomachs of soundmen. Now, in the midst of this hot civil war, inwhich the devil b contending for the everlastingcontinuance of human degradation, to find beingswho wear coats and not petticoats, breeches andlot bodices, owlishly resolving all sorts of flummeryin favor of their foes, and sending little bits ofcringing sophistry, with their best compliments, intothe enemy's camp—it is dreadful! It almost convertsus to the doctrine of the inequality of the races.They cannot—those Maine Dough Democrats—beof the same flesh and blood with the brave fellowswho are fighting our battles. The ways of Providenceare past finding out Why, in the name ofour limited reason, are these gentry free in the East,while respectable blacks are slaves in the South?Alas! this boasted Ethnology is more of a muddlethan ever! If white skies must thus betray theirpossessors into servility and sottishness, most honorableCaucasians will weep that they were not bornis black as night. Dough-Democracy, having dropped its little, sentimentaltear, proceeds to assert that "the war isbeing conducted, not for the restoration of the Union,but for the abolition of slavery and the destructionof the Republic." The gentleman who constructedhis resolution only meant, we suppose, to treat hiscoadjutors to a tid-bit of fine writing; but he hasdone something more than this, for he accuses thePresident, in terms, of High Treason—of an offenceor the commission of which be might be first impeached,and then tried, and then executed. Whydidn't the writer enlarge upon his amiable proposition?Why didn't he, while his judicial hand wasin, charge the President with house burning andhomicide? If the Maine man is right, the stews ofgreat cities could not disgorge viler criminals thanare the gentlemen who are holding office in Washington.It is cowardly so to mince matters. It isunmanly thus to arraign honest men by gratuitousimplications. It isn't worthy even of toe Dead Democracyof Maine. How many gallant soldiers hasthat State given to the cause—of what? Of law?of order? of the Constitution? O, no! Of oppression!—of injustice!—of rapine!—of "the detractionof the Republic!"This is the verdict ofthe "Democracy of Maine" in convention assembled!Now for the verdict of the People of Maine at thepolls assembled! If they make Bion Bradbury theirGovernor, on that platform, we shall be prepared toHear that they have simultaneously seceded to Canada,and that every one of them is sedulously cultivatinga sky-blue nose! and the destructionof the Republic." Various other resolutions were adopted upon thismomentous occasion—there was one denouncing theConscription, and another besmearing Gov. Seymourwith complimentary slaves—-but we begin tobe sick of the subject, and would fain finish our comments.At the very tail end of the string, we noticethat these "Democrats" are good enough to acknowledgethat our soldiers are "worthy of a nation'sgratitude."This means that returned volunteers inMaine will confer a flavor by voting for Bion Bradbury.Mark oar words! They certainly will notdo it, unless they left their brains in camp when theremainder of their bodies was mustered out—N.Y.Tribune. N.Y.Tribune. 
