 Of late, the rebellion has lost ground and hopeeverywhere. The secessionists and copperheads expectedto gain something from the recent election inKentucky. They felt sure of carrying that election;and, then, they would do something to embarrassthe administration, and create a diversion that wouldrevive the fading hopes of treason. The democraticparty of Kentucky had in it already, or drew intoit by the force of elective affinity, all the secessionistsof the State, and all the "conditional Unionmen."—all the friends and followers of Buckner andMagoffin, with all those of Wickliffe. They nominatedWickliffe for Governor; and, so strong wastheir expectation of success, that some of themboasted that they would carry the State by 50,000majority, Against them was arrayed the unconditionalUnion party, with Judge Bramlette as candidatefor governor; and true Union men all over thecountry very naturally desired the success of thisparty. The election hat taken place; and the triumphof the unconditional Union party is overwhelming. It is interesting to observe how this result of theKentucky election is taken by the leading democraticpapers in this part of the country. Of course,the extreme copperhead press, everywhere, is disappointedand angry at this defeat of the Kentuckydemocrats. In Ohio, and throughout the West, itis greatly chagrined; and the democratic papers herein New England denounce the result. The HartfordTimes calls it a triumph of "abolitionism;"and,after expressing its wrath with such headings to thenews as,—"BATOMATS TRIUMPHANT—FREE BALLOTSUPPRESSED,"it comments as follows:— Times ATOMATS RIUMPHANT REE ALLOT UPPRESSED Burnside established martial law over Kentuckytwo or three days before the election, and gave directionsas to who might vote. The tyranny of bayonetsbeing thus placed over the ballet boxes, abolitionisthad its own way. Very few  voted, on thelaws of the State were out aside, and the election wascontrolled entirely by orders from Washington,through their tool, Burnside, who was backed by alarge army. Thus we find the freedom of the balletcrashed out by the direst interference of the militarypower. It will be so in Maryland and other States." Very few  voted  Such atrocious falsehood is not creditable to anybody;but the Times was wrathful, and could notstand for trifle. The Providence Post, quite as angryas the Times, imputes the result to an interferenceof the administration in behalf of the "Bramletteticket,"and says:—"It has been plain to usfor a fortnight or more, that the people of Kentuckywere not to enjoy a free election; also, "for weeksit has been understand thus the cabinet required thesupport of Mr. Wiebliffe as a  of disloyalityand word must forth that the democratic candidatemust be defected;"and the Post even pretends tosee in the result threatened danger to the freedomof elections in other 8tatas. These copperheads arevery miserable. The defeat of secessionism in Kentuckymakes their heads swine, and overcomes themwith Stocking dreams of that ghostly funeral processionin which they will be compelled to follow copperheadismto the grave which its remains will befoul. Times Post Times  
