 On the 1st of July, the slaves of Surinam, a Dutchcolony in South America, were emancipated in accordancewith a law adopted by the Legislature ofHolland, on the 8th of August, 1862, with the cordialsanction of the Dutch Government. The slavesof the colony form an overwhelming majority of thein an aggregate population of 61,000. More thanone half of the negroes belong to the MChurch, the missionaries of which publish in the papersof their denomination same interesting informationon this important event, and especially, on thespirit in which the slaver received the news of theirapproaching liberty. The Rev. Mr. Junes, one of the oldest and mostexperienced missionaries of the colony, says: "The intelligence of the speedy emancipation of thenegroes naturally awakens in me, who have so longlabored in this Colony, the most heartfelt joy. Havingbeen requested by several planters to make knownto their slaves the proclamation of the Governor andthe Emancipation law, I did so. They assembled,neatly dressed, in the church, and I tried to explaineverything to them, getting them to  aloud allthat I said, so that there might be no misunderstanding.The joy and praise of the poor negroes weretouching. They had previously heard, but refused tobelieve, the news, saying! 'The whites have deceivedus so often!' But now that I made known the truth,and told them, 'It is really to, our Saviour has influencedthe king and his counsellors to set you freeon the first of July, 1863'—they doubted no longer.Big tears of joy relied down their black cheeks, andwith jubilee joy they exclaimed: 'Our dear teachertells us! we believe it; we will be free! What ourmothers heard of era we were here, that is now tocame to peas, that we will see! Thanks, thanks untoGod!'"  After Mr. Janes, had proclaimed the coming emancipationon a number of plantations, fifteen of thenative assistance of the missionaries went to the CitizenCaptain, (chief magistrate of a district,) andbegged him to thank the Governor, and through theGovernor the King, in the name of all plantationsof this district; they added that so long as theyshould continue slaves, they would show themselvesto be diligent and obedient, and would endeavor toprove that the liberty promised them should not beabused; and that when they were free, they wouldearn their bread and support their families faithfully;finally, they asked permission to send theirchildren at once to school. they asked permission to send theirchildren at once to school. In response, the Governor wrote a very friendlyletter, which the missionary read from the pulpit onthe first Sunday in Advent. The Citizen Captainwas present, and addressed the negroes, whereuponseveral native assistants in succession race, thenzedhim, and then spoke very appropriately to the congregation. The missionary continues: "The spirit at present prevailing among the negroesis excellent. Who will wonder at the joy of the missionaries?We have been hindered in our labors, andhave been obliged to submit to many things, only inorder to gale master to the plantation. That after theemancipation, the,  is, it :but we will no longer be restrained from giving thebread of life to these who really hunger for it; we willnot be obliged to hold service, and give instruction,late in the evening, when the negroes are tired andworn out; we will have the children in our schools,and no one can forbid them to come. I confess that Ifeel rejuvenated. The negroes often say to me; 'Yourejoice with us, as though you too were to be madefree!' The oppression of slavery is something terrible!"    The Moravians, in view of the emancipation, feelthe necessity of having more schools and more nativeassistants. It is an encouraging circumstancethat there already is, at Beekhuizen, a NormalSchool for the training of native teachers, whichwill, no doubt, be speedily enlarged. Perhaps theefforts which will be made by the Moravians will besufficient for preaching to and teaching all the negroesof the colony. If not, their wants, we nope,will attract the attention of other Christian denominations.In their moral and social progress, just atthis sime the whole Christian and civilized worldmust feel the profoundest interest; for every unfavorablereport that, rightly or wrongly, may begiven of their condition, would be received with rejoicingsby all the enemies of human freedom in thiscountry who have bathed this land in blood, or sympathizewith these who have done so, that the Africanrace may still be held in hopeless bondage. 
