 [Correspondence of the Chicago Tribune.] NIGARA FALLS, (CLIFTON HOUSE,)July 20, 1863. IGARA ALLS LIFTON OUSE THE MARTYN DEJECTED. As I have before remarked, vallandigham seemsmuch disappointed and cast down. He came hereexpecting and desiring to be lionized, and he findsfew willing to undertake the job. The nobby nativeof this British province, with brief-tailed costs,narrow rimmed, blue banded titles, peer at himthrough their glasses from a distance, with sublimecoolness and indifferences, or hardly at all. None ofthem send him a card, or come forward to greethim. This is annoying to the martyr, for he lookedfor active demonstrative sympathy from the Canadiana. The martyr is very anxious to show his woundsto small and gaping audiences, and to large ones,too, if they will but come and take a look, whichthey do not. He has not yet made enough politicalcapital by their exhibition to set up a candidacyfor town constable. He recounts, with much unctionand extreme detail, the manner in which he receivedthem. He has words of hate for the Government,the Administration and all in power, butnot one word of hope and encouragement for hiscountry. He utters anathemas and cursings againstour Generals and soldiers, but not one curse, notone anathema, against Jeff. Davis and the rebelhords who are trying to break down and utterlydestroy the best government on earth. He talkscontinually, and with malicious earnestness about"crushing the despots at Washington,"but saysnothing about crushing the rebellion. To hismind, the latter is of remote consequence—more"mint, anise and cumin"—while the "moreweightier matters of the law" are centred in thegriefs which he has been compelled to suffer. Herights, his privilege and his freedom to talk andpractice treason, must be secured first, and untilthen, the country left to take care of itself. His programme, as I gather from his utterances,is something like this: The war will be endedwhen the Democratic party come into power, whichwill be in 1865; and not till then. The independenceof the Southern Confederacy will than be acknowledged,with the understanding that a NationalConvention shall immediately be called for purposesof "reconstruction."At that Conventionnew guarantees shall be given to the South, by constitutionalamendments—such as the acknowledgmentof the nationality of slavery; the right ofslaveholders to carry and bold their slaves whereverthey please, under the protection of the FederalGovernment; the restoration of slavery where ithas been abolished by the Emancipation Proclamation;a general amnesty and restoration to rights ofall rebels—leaders and all; in tact, all that the slaveholdersever claimed in their most arrogant moments,"and more too,"is to be readily and cordially conceded,with such a disposition of the Abolitionistsas the mercy of the rebels may suggest. This is aboutthe programme which is now being prepared to governthe future action of the great Democratic party;and depend upon it, it will have the support of thattime-honored party; there is no mistake about this.True, the veteran apostles of that faith, those whosepersonal character and intellects added lustre tothe name, are not with them—Dickinson, Dix. Cass,Butler, Brough, Tod, Wright of Indiana, Wrightof Pennsylvania, Andy Johnson, Holt, Guthrie,Burnside, Rosecrans, and hundreds of others; butIt will, nevertheless, have the sympathies and activesupport of a large majority of the once proud anddominant Democratic party, and will be made thetest of political faith in the coming national contest.Upon this platform it will have to be met and conquered. A band of pilgrims came down from Buffalo onSunday Morning, to see the great Martyr and Prophet.There were none of the lending Copperheadsamongst them. They ware all the small fry, with'much swagger, tarn down shirt collars and dirtybosoms. "Judge Fullerton,"of whom I never beforeheard, was the leader and spokes man of theband. He has a fossilized appearance, worn bigruffles in his bosom, and affected whiskey, as did therest of the party, in frequent and ponderous potations.The crow—numbering a dozen or so—talkedloud and with much swagger. All they wantedwas to "hang Abe Lincoln, Bill Seward, and allother Abolitionists""the rebellion from big thingfor their party, and ought to be encouraged, entilall the dumned Abolitionists in the army werekilled off;""Jeff. Davis was a better man thanany Abolitionists, and if Vallandigham should beelected President, which they fondly hoped wouldbe the cure, Jeff. Davis should have the best placein the Cabinet."Some of the party would like tohave cheered for Jeff. Davis, but they were restrainedby the more shrowd ones. They were allintroduced to the great Martyr, and regarded thatas glory enough for one Sunday. Mrs. Vallandigham, wife of the Martyr, accompaniedby Judge Blanchard, J.H. Waltert, her son,and several female friends, arrived here on Saturday.Mrs. V is a comeby, pleasant-looking lady,and betrays no evidence of insanity or even unhappiness.Young Master Charlie Vallandigham family,represents the future of the Vallandigham family,is a bright, lively youth, of ten summers, withYoung America proclivities, and will perhaps makehis mark, not after the manner of his father, I hope. Many of your readers have doubtless lookedupon the Great Banished, at least before he got his"proud title,"but probably the larger share of themhave not. I will try to tell you, in a few words,how he looks. In height, my be is five feet nine toten inches, broad, stoop shouldered, and now quitethin—his weight probably not exceeding 100 pounds.He is what may be called limber jointed—that is,his movements lack firmness and stability. His faceis oval; his mouth is bread, filled up, "and more too,"with large, uneven, disagreeable looking teeth, whichhe finds it very difficult to keep from protruding overhis lips. His eyes are blue, somewhat pretending—indicating, according to the science of phronology,power of language—with restless tendencies, attimes having an ambiguous and disagreeable expression,but generally hearing a pleasant and amiable. The pr you is a cordial manner, but as confidential sir, as much as to ask,"There now  have you we how!"He alwaystalks about himself and his wrongs, and it is hardto  subject. The crew tracksaround his eyes make him forty-five, but a casualglance places him at forty. His hair is brown, whichmeans just no color at all, slightly tinged with grey.This is Vallandigham as I see him. Close observationof the man forces the conclusion that he is aselfish demagogue, and not to be trusted where greatissues are at stake. limber jointed      brown The Copperheads of Ohio are trying to make himGovernor of that great and loyal State; and, ifsuccessful in that, then to lift him into the executiveposition now held by "Honest Old AbrahamLincoln."will the day ever come when this willbe so? If yes, it will be the darkest day that humanliberty ever encountered. I cannot, will notbelieve it. 
