 The Copperhead Democracy of Maine met in Conventionat Portland, on the 6th inst., and adoptedsimultaneously the following aeries of factious and incongruousresolutions:— Received. That we will earnestly support everyconstitutional measure tending to preserve the unionat the States. No men have a greater interest inthe preservation than we have—none desire it more.There are none who will make greater sacrifices orendure more than we will to accomplish the end.Whereas we ever have been, the devoted friendsof the Constitution and the Union, and we have nosympathy with the enemies of either: and it is beingsour devotion to the Union and Governmentthat we are compelled to oppose the presentAdministration, which is pursuing a policy destructiveof both as established by our fathers. Resolved That in the opinion of this Convention,the war is being conducted by the present Administrationnot for the restoration of the Union but forthe abolition of slavery and the destruction of theUnion, and our only assurance of peace and restorationis in the success of the Democratic party. Resolved. That, under our form of government,the sovereign power is vested in the people, and thedepositaries of it were established by them, and restor on other foundation than their will. The peopleare the only LAWFUL SOVEREIGN in this country.The public functionaries of every descriptionare other their public servants, or agents of the peopleelected or appointed by the people to transactthe business of the people, and responsible to thepeople for the manner in which they perform theduties of the trusts confided to them; and, in fact,that there is a manifest difference between the administrationof the Government, and the Governmentitself. The Government consists of the civilthe political institutions erected by the Constitution,are but the people owe allegiance. The Administrationare but the agents of the people, subject totheir approval or condemnation, according to theor demerit of their acts. public servants agents people Resolved, That whenever the people of the secededStates, or of any one or more of such States,state express their desire to return to the Union, tobe represented in the Congress of the United States,and to resume their obligations to the Constitutionare the Union, the Democratic party will hail theirreturn with joy; and will freely welcome them backunder the protecting folds of the National Flag,with all the dignity, equality and rights of the severalStates unimpaired;" and we condemn and denouncethe new and startling doctrine, now for thefirst time avowed by the organs of the Republicanparty, that the extinction of slavery in such Stateswould be made a condition of their restoration tothe Union, as a violation of the public pledges ofthe party, and as a wicked attempt to overthrow theConstitution, revolutionize the Government, prolongthe war indefinitely, and finally to establish a militarydespotism on the ruins of our Republican Government. will hail theirreturn with joy dignity, equality unimpaired;" slavery militarydespotism Resolved, That under no possible emergency, noteven in insurrection or amid the throes of civil warcan this government justify official interference withthe freedom of the ballot. The licentiousness ofthe tongue and of the pen is a minor evil, comparedwith the licentiousness of arbitrary power. minor Resolved, That we declare that the power whichhas recently been assumed by the President of theUnited States, whereby, under the guise of militarynecessity, he has proclaimed and extended—or assertsthe right to proclaim and extend—martial lawdoes the States Where War does not exist, and hassuspended the writ of habeas corpus, is unwarrantedby the constitution, and its tendency is to subordinatecivil military authority, and to subvert oursystem of the government. Resolved, That, we unite with the Democracy offor other States in denouncing the arrest and mocktrial by Court Martial and banishment of ClementL. Vallandigham, a citizen of Ohio, for no otherreason that words addressed to a public meeting, incriticism of the course the Administration, and incondemnation of a certain military order as a highstated outrage upon the rights of the citizens underthe Constitution his own State, and that of theUnited states. military order highstated outrage Resolved, That the CONSCRIPTION LAW, in theopinion of the convention, is an unnecessary, unequaland oppressive law—deemed by manyto overide the Constitution and the rights of theStates to be destructive of the liberties of the people.While the Democratic party counsel obediencefor the laws and respect for the constitutional authorities,and deprecate all illegal and violent resistanceto the execution of any law, however unjust andsuccessive we believe that common justice requiresthat the burdens arising under this act shall be assailedand equalized by the State; and we appealfor the Administration to suspend the enforcement ofthe law until the Courts of competent jurisdictionshall have decided is a constitutional enactment. ONSCRIPTION AW Resolved. That the soldiers composing our armieswere the warmest thanks of the nation. Theircountry called, and nobly did they respond. Living,they shall know a nation's gratitude; wounded,a nation's care; and dying, they shall live in ourmemories, and monuments shall be raised to teachpaternity to honor the patriots and heroes whooffered their lives at their country's altar. Theirwidows and orphans shall be adopted by the nation,to be watched over and cared for as objects trulyworthy a nation's guardianship. Resolved. That the Democracy of Maine, in thedark hours of the Republic, have looked with hopeand confidence to the noble stand taken and maintainedin the defence of the rights of the citizen andState as against the encroachments of centralizedpower, by Horatio Seymour, Governor of the Stateof New York, and we hereby tender him the thanksof our people for the service he has rendered thecountry in the post, and our cordial co-operation forthe future, and that the President of this Conventionis hereby directed to communicate a copy ofthis resolution to Governor Seymour. The Convention nominated, as the Copperhead candidatefor Governor, Hon. Bion Bradbury, of Eastport.The following seditions latter was read from him onthe occasion: EASTPORT, Aug. 3, 1863. ASTPORT My Dear Sir: I acknowledge the receipt of yourlatter, urging me to be present at the DemocraticState Convention to be held at Portland on the 6thinst. It would afford me great pleasure to be there,and interchange greetings with my fellow-citizens.I regret that professional engagements, which cannotbe postponed, will prevent it. The Convention has most important duties to perform.It assembles amid the unspeakable horrorsof a bloody and desperate civil war. The countryit oscillating between despotism and anarchy. Thelong continuance of the war has stirred the deeppassions of men. The voice of reason is almostdrowned in the terrific storm that rages around us,and madness rules the hour. The times and the occasion demand calm deliberation,and the exercise of the highest wisdom andthe noblest patriotism. All mere party views sinkinto insignificance, and the intensely absorbing questionrises, what can he done to save the Republicfrom impending ruin? It seems to me that the hope of restoring the governmentrests in the united action of all conservativemen, in resisting the fanatical spirit of radicalismlargely pervading the land, which now controls withits revolutionary doctrines and pernicious influence,the counsels of the present national administration,and in substituting in its stead an enlarged patriotismand a liberal statesmanship which looks alone tothe conservation of the Constitution and the restorationof the Union, with all the rights of the Statesunimpaired. The Republican party, under its new cognomen,holds the position that it is "the solemn duty of allloyal and patriotic citizens to take a firm and unequivocalstand in favor of the national administration,"and "to unite as one man in sustaining itscivil and military policy, without qualification orreservation,"and "that upon this issue there can bebut two parties—patriots in favor and traitors opposed."I quote the language of the convention whichnominated Mr. Cony. So that the issue tendered by the Republicanparty of this State, under the self-righteous assumptionof all the patriotism extant, is, whether or notthe present national administration (thoroughly partisan)is entitled to the unqualified and unreservedsupport of the people in its entire policy and all itsmeasures. Now, the support of the present policy and measuresof the administration involves the endorsementof the constitutionality and expediency of the confiscationact, the emancipation proclamation, and theconscription bill; and of the despotic doctrines thatthere exists "within the Constitution a principle orgerm of arbitrary power, which in time of war expandsat once into an absolute sovereignty, wieldedby one man, so that liberty perishes or is dependenton his will, his discretion, or his caprice;"and thatthe military power, overrides the Constitution—theonly law being that of military necessity, and theonly judge of that necessity, the Commander-in-Chiefof the Army and Navy. It requires the peopleto approve of the arrest and imprisonment ofcitizens of the United States, without due process oflaw, "not so much for what has been done as forwhat probably would be done,"and of the boastfulsentiment of the Secretary of State, that "he cantouch a bell on his right hand, and order the arrestof a citizen of Ohio, and touch the bell again, andorder the arrest of a citizen of New York, and nopower on earth but the President can release them."It demands the sanction of the overthrow of theright to be secure from unreasonable searches andseizures, of a speedy and public trial by an impartialjury, of freedom of speech, of freedom of the press,and of the independent exercise of the elective franchise.Besides all this, it would compel the adoptionof a policy which proposes to prosecute the war,not for the Union as it came to us from our fathers, butfor a mere territorial Union, regardless of State limitsor State rights—not for a re-establishment of thegovernment under the present Constitution, but forthe purposes of subjugation and the abolition of slavery. territorial These are not frivolous or captions objections.They relate to the preservation of the sacred rightsand immunities which the Constitution has guarantiedto the people—nay, they relate to the very existenceof the Constitution itself. Are the people of Maine ready to concede theclaim set op by the national administration to thatdespotic power which could deprive them of theirdearest rights and most sacred privileges—of allthose noble guaranties affecting; life, liberty andproperty, which are secured to them by the grandold Constitution established by their fathers as theembodiment of the great principles upon which reststhe base of the mighty fabric of the Government?I believe the people will never acquiesce in suchdoctrine. "In their opinion, the guaranties of theConstitution, which secure to them freedom of speechand of the press, immunity from arrest for offencesunknown to the law of the land, and the right of trialby jury before the tribunals provided by those lawsinstead of military commissions and dram-headcourts martial, are living and vital principles, inpeace and in war, at all times and under all circumstances.No sophistry or argument can shake theconviction, nor will the people require its confirmationby logical sequence and deduction. It is a convictiondeeply interwoven with the instincts, thehabits, and the education of our countrymen. Theright to form opinions upon public measures andmen, and to declare those opinions by speech orwriting with the utmost latitude of expression, theright of personal liberty, unless forfeited according,to established laws, and for offences previously definedby law, the right when accused of crimes to betried where law is administered, and punishment ispronounced only when the crime is legally ascertained;all these are rights instantly perceived withoutargument or proof. No refinement of logic canunsettle them in the minds of freemen. No powercan annihilate them, and no force at the commandof any chief magistrate can compel their surrender." inpeace and in war But opposition to the present war policy and warmeasures of the administration is not opposition to thegovernment. The administration is not the government.Those in authority are but the agents of thepeople to carry on the government under the Constitution.They may exceed or pervert their constitutionalpowers—they may destroy the Constitutionitself. Under such circumstances, to oppose theadministration is to support the government. To uphold the government, to maintain the Constitution,to restore the Union as it was, is the firstduty of every citizen. To fail in the duty is to befalse to ourselves, to posterity, and to the great canonof constitutional liberty; and it is equally a duty toprotest against a policy calculated to prolong thewar and subvert the Constitution. But my object in tab letter is not to discuss thewhole subject of the war and the question it hasopened up, but to cell year attention especially tothe issues presented by the resolutions adopted by theBangor Convention. I trust that the Convention will be harmonious,and that its action will be productive of results thatthan rebuke the spirit of radicalism and revolution,and secure the ascendancy of conservative sentimentsand sound constitutional principles in the State. Very truly years, BION BRADBURY. ION RADBURY. Gen. S.J. ANDERSON. NDERSON. 
