 Extracts from the Inaugural Message of Gov. McWillie,of Mississippi, to the Legislature of that State: Under ordinary circumstances, I would here closethis address, and would to God I could so close itconsistently with my duty to the State; but this ita privilege not permitted to me, by no fault of mineor of yours, but by the folly and madness of thosewho ought to have no connection with this day'sproceedings. I refer to the agitation of the slaveryquestion, both in and out of Congress, by many ofthe citizens of she non-slaveholding States. This isnow the only cloud upon our political horizon, eitherState or Federal. That cloud ought to be blottedout, and if I had the power, it should be done, regardlessof consequences. It is an officious and offensiveintermeddling with our affairs, which oughtnever to have been permitted, in reference to ourrights or duties. Why do those people organizeAbolition Societies? They have no slaves whomthey propose to emancipate. Why do they agitatethe question of slavery? They have none of itscares or responsibilities, its good or its evils are allour own—they ought to be silent. They can haveno motive for their conduct but that of disturbanceand agitation, as they have no legal or constitutionalpower over the question. They can do no goodto either the master or the slave, but are, in truth,the worst enemies of both. They impair the loyaltyof the slave; they curtail his privileges; theytighten his bonds, while at the same time they, ina degree, lock up to him the more kindly feelings ofthe master, and all this they pretend they do in thename of God and religion. Now, if Christianity betrue, and the Bible the word of God, there is neitherwrong nor sin in the institution of slavery. Underthe government of God himself, during the JewishTheocracy, slavery existed; and in the New Testament,the foundation of the Christian dispensation,slavery is recognized, and the duty of the master andslave prescribed. Christ and his apostles denouncedall sin, but never slavery, though they lived in themidst of it. Then if our holy religion be not adelusion, and the word of God a fable, the institutionof slavery, per se, is as justifiable as the relationof husband and wife, parent and child, or anyother civil institution of the State, and is most necessaryto the well-being of the negro, being the onlyform of government or pupilage which can raisehim from barbarism, or make him useful to himselfor others; and I have no doubt but that the institution,thus far in our country, has resulted in thehappiness and elevation of both races; that is, thenegro and the white man. In no period of theworld's history have three millions of the negro racebeen so elevated in the scale of being, or so muchcivilized or Christianized, as those in the UnitedStates, as slaves. They are better clothed, betterfed, better housed, and more cared far in sicknessand in health, than has ever fallen to the lot of anysimilar number of the negro race in any age or nation;and as a Christian people, I feel that it is theduty of the South to keep them in their present position,at any cost and at every peril, even independentlyof the questions of interest and security. per se keep them in their present position It is unaccountable that the abolitionist can neverbe made to ask himself what good emancipationwould do the negro, or what he has ever done forthe world but as a slave, or what would become ofhim if emancipated. Does he not know that hewould speedily become a savage, as he has alreadydone in St. Domingo, is now doing in Jamaica, andas he has ever been in Africa, or that he would bedestroyed by the superior race? He cannot existamong us as an equal. God separated us, abolitionismcannot unite us. But, notwithstanding allthis, the abolition fanatic and demagogue pretendsthat he is striving not only for the good of the slave,but for that of the master also; in his Pharisaicalheart he thanks God that he is not as we are. Now,I do not hesitate to declare my conviction, that as apeople, the white race of the South are equal, if notsuperior, to those of the non-slaveholding Statesin every quality that ennobles human nature; andif it was suitable to the present occasion, I couldprove that we are better and richer, individually,than they are, and that this results from the institutionof slavery among us. I will not now furtherconsider the question in this aspect, but will proceedby saying, that we ought to be fully prepared forthe alternative that those people appear to be determinedto force upon us. They are now movingheaven and earth for the subjugation of theSouth, and the overthrow of her institutions. Ifnot so, why their anxiety to make Kansas a freeState? As patriots, they ought to desire to giveto the South the power of self-protection under theforms of the Constitution in one department of thegovernment, at least, by which harmony might berestored to the country, and a security given to theUnion which never can exist without it. The Northalready has a large majority in the House of Representatives,a majority of two in the Senate, andthe power to elect the President; far that powerthey cannot want but for purposes of aggression,In this view of the question, it is our duty to he preparedfor any contingency, never losing sight ofthat article of the Constitution of the United Stateswhich declares the axiomated truth that a "well-regulatedmilitia being necessary to the security ofa free State, the right of the people to keep andbear arms shall not be infringed.' Our fathers wellunderstood, when they adopted this provision of theConstitution; the dangers to which our institutionsmight be exposed, and thereby secured the meansof safety. This, however, to be available, must beaccompanied by the courage and the will to use thosearms when necessary against all commies, either foreignor domestic. Our institutions are already protectedby the Constitution and by the decisions ofthe Supreme Court of the United States, but asConstitutions or decrees of courts have no self-executingpower, it may yet he that the duty will beforced upon us of standing to our arms in the maintenanceof our just rights. Constitutions sufficiently contend and guide thepatriotic and just, but they are not worth the paperthey are written upon to resist fanatics, usurpersand tyrants. The bayonet, or the fear of it, aloneour check them, and the only liberty now in thewould has grown own of the fact that the Anglo-Saxonsand the Anglo-Americans have never fearedto defend their privileges with arms in their hands,even unto blood when necessary. The late decision of the Supreme Court in referenceto the negro status, our rights in the Territoriesand the recognition of the duty of the FederalGovernment, under the Constitution, to protect usand our property, there is the and of the argument,and of the law, and beyond it, there is no appealbut to force. If them rights, thus established,should be evaded or denied to us, can there be oneman in all the South so very a coward, or so mucha traitor, as to fail in their vindication, even thoughthat vindication may come through the instrumentalityof lead and steel? If we are true to ourselves,we will not falter. The Constitution has done itsduty. The Court has established our rights; it hasfixed the point at which resistance to tyranny becomesa duty. It has said to power, Thus far, butno further; it has made our quarrel just; it hasmarked the fighting line, from which we can takeno step backward but with dishonor. This is allthat constitutions or laws can do; the balance isfor ourselves. Let us, than, be prepared. Eternal vigilance andsacrifice is the price of liberty. No people ever havebeen great and free, no people ever can be free, whoare not military in their habits, and ever ready todefend their institutions and their laws. We, as apeople, enjoy the peculiar privilege of bearing arms,and being the defenders of our own rights and liberties.If we should ever be deprived of the one orlose the other, it will be because we are unworthy ofthem, and had not the courage to defend them. Itis, however, not only our privilege, but it is ourbounden duty, as a free people, to cultivate a militaryspirit and obtain military knowledge: in thisview of our duty, it will be my study to effect athorough organization of the militia of the State.This I would feel bound to do, even though therewas no immediate danger the most imminent; it isabsolutely necessary to our security and the permanenceof our institutions. That the overthrow ofour social organization is the fixed purpose of a verylarge number of the people of the non-slaveholdingStates is beyond a doubt. In the late presidentialelection, it was fully manifested—and they hadwell-nigh succeeded; as they carried eleven out ofsixteen of those States—they are now preparing foranother struggle. They teach hostility to us andour institutions in their schools, they preach it fromtheir pulpits, they print it in their books, they proclaimit in the hustings, they agitate it in the Stateand Federal governments Their course is onward,and I believe can only be arrested by force or fear.You might as well reason with a madman as a fanatic.How can you approach a transcendental ofthe higher-law school, who has a law of his ownparamount to the Constitution of his country, and areligion holier than that of the Bible? It cannot bedone; and I fear we act upon false premises whenwe encourage the expectation that this fanaticismwill die out or recede from its purpose. God grantthat it may be so! but such an expectation is notjustified by the teachings of the past. All historyshows that such fanatical organizations have generallysucceeded in their purposes, or had to be crushedout by force, and strangled in their own blood.The former we never can permit; for the latter, letus be ready. Our security as a State, and the permanenceof the Union, depend upon the firmnessand concert of the South. Let us not by our supinenessinvite aggression, but by a thorough armingand organization, convince our assailants thatwe cannot be attacked with impunity, but, on thecontrary, that we are full ready, and able, and willingto take care of ourselves, in the Union, if wecan, out of it if we must. Let us act thus, takingmeasures fearlessly and openly; it is our right andduty, and it is possible that even Yet, being thusfully and solemnly warned of the consequences,there may be sufficient patriotism and sense or justiceat the North to avert the great calamity of disruptionwith which the country is now threatened, andwhich is inevitable, if things travel on in the directionto which they are now tending. In addition tothis, let us appeal to the Democracy of the non-slaveholdingStates, and all other patriotic or conservativemen there and every where, urging upon themto stand fast, and struggle on in defence of the Constitutionand the Union—hoping that the sobersecond thought of the people may yet save the country.This, with thorough preparation on our part,is all that we can do; the rest we must leave to thatGod who has thus far guided and prospered us as anation, trusting and praying that the same kindProvidence which has been vouchsafed to us in thepast may be continued in the future, well knowingthat, except the Lord keep the city, the watchmanwaketh but in vain. let us appeal to the Democracy of the non-slaveholdingStates W. McWILLIE. 
