 Two or three weeks ago, an attempt was made toprevail upon a female negro servant to leave hermaster and mistress, whom she had accompaniedfrom Tennessee to this State. The party had beenstaying for five or six weeks at Lawrence. Somepersons in that city, well-meaning, no doubt, butvery ill-advised, endeavored to induce the negro woman,Betty by name, to run away from her masterand mistress, which they told her she had a perfectright to do, by the laws of Massachusetts. Thisproving entirely unsuccessful, it was next attemptedto separate her from her master and mistress bya writ of habeas corpus. In order to obtain such awrit, it was necessary not only to aver, but to makeoath before a magistrate, that Betty was restrainedof her liberty, and wished to be free. Notwithstandingthis assertion and this oath, it appearedjudicially before the Chief Justice, that the statementwas not true. We do not accuse the personswho made it of falsehood and perjury, although weconfess ourselves unable to comprehend by whatprinciples of morality they felt themselves warrantedin such a representation. This was the firststep. The writ was returnable before the SupremeCourt, and the master and mistress were broughtbefore the venerable Chief Justice of the Commonwealth,whom no one will accuse in his treatmentof the case of leaning against the slave. She wasexamined by him in private, found to be intelligent,fully apprised of her rights, of which she hadbeen informed, not merely by the persons who endeavoredto separate her from her master and mistress,but by her master and mistress themselves.In addition to all this, the Chief Justice himselfinformed her that she was as free to leave them asto stay with them. In despite of all these suggestions,she persisted in staying with her master andmistress; and that in defiance of the renewed persuasionsand taunts of her friends of both colors,who crowded the court-room, tempting her to desertthem. One would have thought that the provedfalsehood of the statement and oath by whichthe habeas corpus was obtained, would have preventedthe renewal of these efforts, after the casehad been fully adjudicated. Let us look at the subject in another light. Itis one of the standing topics of impassioned declamationon the part of the Anti-Slavery party, andthe Republican orators are equally copious on thistopic, that the sanctity of marriage is not observedin reference to slaves, and that their matrimonialconnections are not protected by law. Here is acase that shows the difference between preachingand practice. There was probably not one of Betty'sco-called 'friends' whose heart had not beenmade to ache by the popular anti-slavery novels,over the cruelty and immorality of separating husbandand wife, parents and children. But here was anintelligent young woman of twenty-six, brought upall her life with her mistress, knowing no homebut hers, married to a fellow-servant in Tennessee,where she had left him and their children, andthose very benevolent friends leave no stone unturnedto induce her to desert this husband and abandonthese children. To say nothing of the cruelty ofthis procedure in reference to the future livelihoodof Betty, who was urged to leave a comfortablehome in the family in which she had been bornand brought up in Tennessee, and trust to the precariouschances of getting a living in Boston, didany one of these 'friends' propose to become responsiblefor her comfortable subsistence in youthand in age, in health and in sickness; or did theyintend, when once induced to quit her master andmistress, to leave her a poor stranger to struggleher way through the world, under the difficultieswhich unfortunately fall to the lot of the free blackshere at the North? friends But, let this pass: how do these friends of Bettyjustify themselves for their persistent attempts tobreak the marriage tie—to persuade the wife toabandon her husband, and the mother to desert herchildren? It was stated in the papers, that, afterthe Chief Justice reported that Betty was fully apprisedof her rights, and ought not to be interferedwith further, her friends still persisted, and toldher 'Tennessee was the very worst State for a slaveto live in'; while they themselves were strainingevery nerve to inflict on Betty's husband and childrenthe most cruel of the evils of slavery, and torob them of wife and mother. friends friends Suppose an English Lord and Lady were travelingtogether in this country, the latter accompanied bya female servant, who had left a husband and childrenat home. She has been brought up with hermattress, and is attached to her; and wishes fornothing when the journey is over, but to go home toher husband and children in England. Some zealousRepublicans get about her; tell her that monarchicalgovernment is another name for tyranny;that the English aristocracy are cruel oppressors ofthe poor; and exert themselves to the utmost to inducethis English mother and wife to abandon herhusband and children, and remain in American.What would be thought of the kindness—whatWould be thought of the morality of this transaction?And yet the case is not so strong as Betty's.The English woman's husband would find no legaldifficulty in rejoining her in this country;poor Betty's husband would encounter the greatestdifficulty in making his escape to join her, to saynothing of their children. Now let us view the matter in another light. Itis plain that, if families or individuals from theSouth incur a great risk of loading their servants, itwill have the effect either of altogether preventingtheir traveling to the North, or of causing them, whenthey come here, to leave their servants at home. Iseither result desirable? Is the slave any better off,left at home with housekeepers and overseers, thantravelling in company with his master and mistress?Is his lot easier? Is he likelier to be happier? Weshould say precisely the reverse. Is it desirable themto keep both servant and master at home, and tocut off, as far as possible, all social intercourse betweenthe States? Is it not better, in the interestof freedom, to encourage our Southern brethren tocome among us, and lot them see the advantages ofour state of society? in the interest of freedom There cannot be two opinions on this subjectamong judicious people, and we think we can establishour view of it by an authority which Republicans,at least, cannot gainsay. There was formerlya law in New York called the nine months law, invirtue of which a Southern master might bring hisshare into New York, and remain with him ninemonths, without impairing his legal rights. Is1838, an attempt was made by the Anti-Slaveryparty to procure the repeal of this law; and candidatesfor office were interrogated as to their opinionson that point. The reply of Mr. Seward, then acandidates for office, will be found in the AlbanyJournal for 26th of October, 1838. He takes decidedand emphatic ground against the repeal, puttingit, however, suo more, on the ground, that incase such a slave escaped from his master, the repealof the law would put him in a worse conditionthan its enforcement—Heaven knows how! At theclose of his answer, Mr. Seward user the followinglanguage, which we command to the candid considerationof those who have been accustomed to lookup to him as a leader:— nine months law suo more 'But, gentlemen, being desirous to be entirelycandid in this communication, it is proper that Ishould add, that I am not convinced that it wouldbe wise, expedient, or humane, to declare to our fellow-citizens of the Southern and Southwestern States,that if they travel to, from, or pass through the Stateof New York, they shall not bring with them the attendantswhom custom, or education, or habit, mayhave rendered necessary to them. I have not beenable to discover any good object to be attained by suchan act of inhospitality. It certainly can work no injuryto us, nor can it be injurious to the unfortunatebeings held in bondage, to permit them, perhaps oncein their lives, and at most on occasions few and farbetween, to visit a country where slavery is unknown.I can even conceive of benefits to the great cause ofhuman liberty from the cultivation of this intercoursewith the South.' Had Mr. Seward adhered to these sound and judiciousviews, instead of giving dinners to 'Jerryrescuers,' and organizing a party on the basis ofanti-slavery agitation, (of which, by the way, hewill soon find, if he has not already, that the benefitis not to enure to him,) the country and its politicalprospects would have been very different fromwhat they now are.—Boston Courier. Boston Courier. 
