 Hon. Joshua R. Giddings, in a forcibly written letterpublished in a recent number of the AshtabulaSentinel says:— AshtabulaSentinel The recent decision of the Supreme Court, emphaticallydenying the 'self-evident truths' promulgatedas the basis of our government, and theavowal that 'black men have no rights whichwhite men are bound to respect,' and the adoptionof this new law by the President, who adds to itthat slavery exists in all our territories by force ofthe Constitution, render our government a piraticalcombination of the States and of men for the purposeof making war upon one fourth part of thehuman family, in order to enslaye and brutalizethem. It is itself a restoration of the foreign slavetrade; it fairly opens the way for taxing the peopleof the free States to purchases Cuba, in ordermore perfectly to conjugate the free States to theSlave Power. It constitutes a fall and perfect justificationfor Walker's invasion of Costa Rica, andthe murder of his own men under pretence of establishingdiscipline among his piratical forces: isconstitutes a justification for treating him with somuch respect, instead of hanging him for hiscrimes; and for quietly permitting him to enlistnew forces, and peacefully depart for the perpetrationof further of times. To these doctrines, to the unprincipled and despoticexecute of such powers by the Executive forthe destruction of liberty, I owe no allegiance. Forthe man who have thus shown themselves traitors tohumanity, to the doctrines of our fathers, I entertainno respect. From the people of the free Statesthey are justly entitled to nothing but the appropriatedoom of traitors. From my inmost soul Iloathe, I detect tyranny and oppression. I lookupon the ordinary pirate who lives by robbery, byplundering his follow-men, as unworthy of life.But the open, undistinguished piracy which now robsthree millions of our native-horn inhabitants oftheir labor, their, intellects, their manhood, andand necks to extend those crimes over all our Territoriesand States, to involve the people of Ohio insuch transcendent, guilt, must awaken abhorrenceand indignation in every virtuous, every patrioticheart. It was an unworthy imputation upon thepeople of the free States for oppose these capable ofsubmitting to such barbarous despotism. I regardthat man as stupid or willfully blind who closes hiseyes to the fact that these doctrines and practices ofthe Executive have already brought us to the versesof civil war; that the consummation of villany, byadmitting Exams with a slaves holding Constitution,formed under the protection of federal beyonets,must light up the fires of civil war, which havebeen so long smothered, that when the conflict betweendespotism, slavery and crime on one hand,and patritism, justice and liberty on the other, shall.rage in Kansas, it shall soon rage in the States, andinvolve you and me, and our offspring, in its consequences.  Cowards, servile dastards who have so long urgedthe people of the North to submit to usurpation andslaveholding dictation, to save the Union, will thenfind that truth is more mighty than error; thatGod's attribute of justice will be vindicated: thatno combination of men formed to overthrow eternal,unchanging principles, can sanctify itself by aname; that the cry of 'saving the Union' will thesefill the mind with loathing and disgust, as the talismaniccry of slaveholders and of servile politicians. to save the Union name; I am myself in favor of restoring our governmentto the doctrines of which it was founded. I wouldpunish with death the man who deals in humanflesh on the high seas, in our territories, or in theDistrict of Columbia. I would maintain the rightof every human being to Life, liberty, and the availsof his own labor, wherever Congress has jurisdiction.I would do this, though every slave Stateand slaveholder, and every servile wretch who upholdsslavery, were to abandon the Union. I woulddo this, though it should cost the life of every usurperand despot, oligarch and pirate and murdererin the land. It will be done; our country will be'redeemed and purified" from the contagion of slavery. 
