 Extracts from the Message of Gov. Winston, of Alabama,to the Legislature of that State: Severe scrutiny should be exercised, in regard tothe use of unsound text-books, in every school in theState. Unfortunately, as yet, our school-books andteachers are imported from a community in whichthe prejudices of ignorance and fanaticism, on subjectsof vital importance to us, are propagated. Bya prohibition of all books inculcating improper sentimentsto be taught in the South, we may soon insurethe possession of text-books, the works of ourcitizens; and build up institutions of learningamong us, where the unwholesome heresies of fanaticismwill not be inculcated in the minds of youth. The proposition to exempt, to a limited extent,negro property from sale under execution, whichhas been discussed of late years—and which hasreceived the approval of one of the States of theSouth most interested in that species of property—is entitled to the greatest consideration of the Southernlegislator and statesman. Opposition to such a,law originates more from the peculiarity and noveltyof it, than from any sound reasoning against it.The day of timid counsels has gone by. Circumstanceswhich surround us; the whole aspect of thepolitical and economical affairs of our country, demandbold and decided action. The highest conservatismis often found in the most prompt and decisivemeasures. The continued prosperity of theSouth will be greatly advanced by the more diffusedistribution of slave property. By the exemptionof one slave, at least, from the process of the law,and her increase if female, the investment of moneyin that kind of property will be preferred to allothers. The ownership of slaves will become moregeneral; the benefits of the institution more generallyfelt, acknowledged and defended. In a politicalpoint of view, the advantages are too apparentto need illustration by argument. As a measureof policy, by which the individual prosperity of thecitizen is to be promoted, it affords a more secureinvestment to the person just struggling to rise, thanany that has been presented, safer than stocks,which may depreciate, and more productive thanlands. It becomes so identified with the owner,that it is the last to be alienated. Experienceteaches as that when a family, before in indigentcircumstances, once becomes possessors of this kindof property, the regular progression to wealth is uninterrupted—acting as a wholesome incentive to furtherindustry and economy. In a philanthropicpoint of view, it recommends itself in an eminentdegree. By the distribution of slaves in a greaternumber of white families, the direct contact of theowners and owned is increased, mutual attachmentsthereby formed, and the personal comfort and happinessof the slave secured both in its home and itspermanency. As a matter of domestic obligationto families, it is demanded. The drudgery of thehousehold is more destructive to the health of Southernwomen than in countries where slavery does notexist. In the election of the present Chief Magistrate,we have a guarantee that the constitutional rightsof every section of the Union will be respected. Ina spirit of public justice, it becomes us to wait thedevelopments of time, before we hasten to declare awant of that confidence which placed him in thehigh and responsible position which he now fills.Should that confidence prove to have been misplaced,it will but be the hastening of a political crisis,which many of the most faithful and watchful patriotsbelieve to be 'but a question of time;' andthe duty so long and often avoided by concessionand compromise, to upon as, of electing, for ourselvesand posterity, the high and independent positionof independent and sovereign States—or to renounceall pretensions to the character of a braveand manly people, and basely and tamely submit tothe tender mercies of Northern caprice and fanaticism.Unfortunately, it is a weakness of our natureto put off the consideration of disagreeable subjects—though the end appears inevitable, and the necessityof finally meeting the difficulty, imperative.The agitation of the question of slavery, by thepeople of the Northern States—properly havingno business with the matter—though it hasbeen regularly progressive, and has grown to athreatening importance—has not been without advantagesto the people of the South, and to the enlightenmentof the civilized world. The time was butrecent, when the Southern statesman only madeapologies for the existence of such a state of politicalaffairs, and declared that he could offer no corrective.Now, however, since agitation has causeda thorough investigation of the subject, the institutionis defended and upheld most successfully uponpolitical, social, moral, and religious grounds. It isshown not only to be the best condition of society,where it can be maintained, but that it is absolutelyessential to the development of the rich reassures oftropical climes, and the advancement of the tradeand commerce of the world. Even in 'England,where fanaticism has so long ruled the policy of thegovernment on this questions, a great changes of publicsentiment has taken place, if we are to judgefrom the resolutions and proceedings of great commercialconventions held in Manchester and Liverpool,during the present year, and the editorials ofthe London Times. This journal not only unequivocallycondemns the system which abrogated slaveryin the British West India possessions, but advocatesa returns thirsts, and the establishment of some suchsystem in the East Indian possessions by the transportationthither of African labor. So great havebecame the necessities of the would for cotton alone—which can only be produced to very considerableextent, by slave labor, and in Southern climes—that the suspension of involuntary servitude, for asingle year only, would cause convulsions in all thegovernments of the civilized world, the disastrousresults of which, it would be beyond human ken toforesee. It is only necessary for us to be true toourselves, to preserve our institutions, and to be agreat and prosperous people. The Union is notwith us of the South, 'a paramount political good,'however much we may and do desire its continuanceunder a strict adherence to constitutional provisionsand guarantees. When these can no longer bemaintained—or when further aggression upon, ordenial of, our rights is practiced by a dominant politicalpower of the North—we have everything togain, and nothing to lose, 'by disrupting every tie.'that binds us to the Confederacy. JOHN A. WINSTON. 
