 The Jury in the case of David Wait, of AdamsCounty, indicted for harboring eight slaves, claimedas the property of Squire B. Million, near Maysville,Ky., before the United States District Court,came into Court on the 11th, and stated that theyhad not agreed upon a verdict, and that there wasno prospect of an agreement. They therefore askedto be discharged from the further considerationof the subject, which was ordered by the Court. Mr. Joliffe, counsel for defendant, stated that hisclient was anxious that the case should be triedagain at once; that some newly-discovered evidencewould be produced, which would throw much lightupon the issue. In the absence of District-Attorney Mathews,Judge Leavitt refused to accede to the request for anew trial at the present term, and the case thereforegoes over until the next, the accused giving bondsfor his appearance. We understand that when the Jury retired onTuesday evening, their first ballot showed eight forconviction and four for acquittal, and they stood inthis position when adjournig for the night. Everyballot yesterday morning, during two or three hours,stood nine for conviction and three for acquittal.Finding there was no prospect of a unanimous verdicteither way, they reported to the Court, andwere discharged. The case of Mr. Wait threatens to lead to muchmore litigation, in the shape of criminal prosecutions.Two hare already bean commenced, withothers in prospect. Yesterday morning, Squire B. Million made oathbefore United States Commissioner, George M. Lee,that James Puntney, a witness on the trial of Wait,did, about the 20th of September, 1856, harbor andconceal eight fugitives from labor, so as to preventtheir delivery and arrest by their claimant and master,to whom they 'owe service.' The warrantwas placed in the hands of Deputy United States.Marshal Churchill, who took Mr. Puntney into custody. Previous to this arrest, however, Mr. WilliamShaw, who was the principal witness for the defence,on Tuesday, swore out a warrant against Squire B.Million for committing wilful perjury, in swearingpositively to certain statements on the trial of Wait,especially in denying that he gave the slaves permissionto come into Ohio. It M asserted by the complainant,that Mr. Million admitted, while the Jurywere out, that the negro Lewis told him that heshould leave Kentucky the night he did, and thatthere was an agreement that the negro should return,or she master should come after him, as soonas some pecuniary troubles were ended. This is thebasis of the charge of perjury, and upon which Mr.Million was arrested by Deputy-Marshal Churchill. Both parties, with their counsel—Mr. Joliffe forMr. Puntney, and Judge Spooner for Mr. Million—appeared yesterday afternoon before CommissionerLee, who entered upon an examination of the chargeagainst Mr. Million, which resulted in the dischargeof the accused by the Commissioner. The case ofMr. Puntney was postponed until the 18th inst.,and the defendant required to give bail in $500.Bonds in the same amount were required of Mr.Million as prosecuting witness. ANOTHER ARREST—AIDING TO ESCAPE. There islittle prospect of an end to the difficulties growingout of the escape of eight slaves belonging to SquireB. Million, formerly of Kentucky. Two arrestshave heretofore been made, those of David Wait andJus. Puntney, for aiding in their escape, and yesterdayJohn Puntney, a son of the last named,was taken into custody by Marshal Churchill, onthe same charge. The charge against James Puntneywas examined yesterday before United StatesCommissioner Lee. NOTHER RREST IDING TO SCAPE. The testimony was mainly a recapitulation ofthat given on the trial of Mr. Wait last week,which was fully reported at the time. Mr. Milliontestified that he did not send the slaves to Ohio, norgive them permission to come; that he heard theywere at Mr. Puntney's, and went after them, butfound them at Wait's house. For the defence, several witnesses, J.S. Rose, Mr.Shaw, Joseph Newman, John and Francis Piatt,Joseph and William Montgomery, and Austin Mellistestified to various conversations held with Mr.Million, and some of the witnesses swore positivelythat the complainant told them that the slaves cameto Ohio by his knowledge and consent; stating tosome of the persons named that he sent them acrossthe river, and to others that his brother did so byhis direction; that he was in debt, and sent the negroesoff for the purpose of avoiding an execution.Upon this evidence, viz: that the master had himselfvoluntarily sent the slaves to a free State, andthat therefore they were not fugitives, Mr. Joliffe,for the defence, mainly rested the case, and askedfor an acquittal, in connection with the fact thatthe defendant was not shown to have had any agencyin their final escape to Canada. The United States subsequently introduced thetestimony of Joseph Closs, who gave notice to Mr.Puntney that Mr. Million was at Mr. Wait'shouse, claiming his slaves as fugitives, and that Mr.Wait wanted Mr. P.'s assistance to get them out ofthe way. John Cox, another government witness,testified that he was directed by Mr. Puntney todrive his horse to Mr. Wait's house, and receivethe slaves and their baggage, and get further ordersfrom Mr. Waits; he accordingly took in the negroes,at night, and conveyed them in a northerndirection, accompanied by the son of the defendant. Upon this testimony, principally, with other circumstancesand inferences, Hunter Brooke,' Esq.,who appeared for the Government, claimed that thedefendant should be held under the Fugitive StateAct, for aiding and abetting in the escape of slaves. Mr. Commissioner Lee recapitulated the testimonyin the case, and decided that there was no evidenceon which he felt himself bound to hold thedefendant over for trial. Against the testimony ofMr. Million, the prosecuting witness, then was thecredible evidence of several witnesses in regard tothe declarations of Mr. Million, that he had authorizedthe transfer of the slaves to Ohio. The Commissoner,therefore, discharged the defendant, Jus.Puntney, and by agreement between counsel, thecase of John Puntney, the son, was continued untilFriday at 2 o'clock, P.M. We have watched the testimony given in the severalcause connected with the escape of these salves,and the whole matter receives itself into the singlequestion:—Did Mr. Million give his slaves permissionto came into Ohio? If as, the persons chargedwith harboring them have committed no offence.The affirmative of this is proves by half a dozenwitnesses, who swear positively to the admissionsand declarations of the prosecutor. That they wereto sent is too clearly established to be doubted;that a subsequent attempt was made to recover possessionof them, is admitted; that several partieswere instrumental in parting them beyond the muchof the Fugitive Slave Act, it is foolish to deny.The negroes were run off, and if free by the voluntaryact of their master, it is useless to longer occupythe time of the Courts. Nearly as muchmoney has already been spent in litigation as theslaves were worth, at a high market value, and theend is not yet. One charge of harboring has alreadybeen tried, and resulted in a disagreement ofthe jury; a charge of perjury was based upon thetestimony in that trial; a third case, growing outthe affair, was heard yesterday; and a fourth willbe examined on Friday. 
