 Elihu Burritt, author of a poem for securing theemancipation of the slaves by an offer of compensationto the masters, has written a letter to the LouisvilleJournal, in which he endeavors to disabute theSouth of the idea that this is a sectional movement.He says the proposition for the late Convention atCleveland was received with cordial sympathy andapprobation by Democrats, Republicans and Americans,'and 'by thousands who had been regardedas pro-slavery men, because they would not espousethis or that anti-slavery platform.' Mr. Burrittrepresents his scheme of compromise as saying toKentucky, or any other slaveholding State: Journal Democrats, Republicans Americans pro-slavery 'By this token we admit and affirm that no sectionalmajority can or shall ever violate your sovereignprerogative as a State, to abolish or retain slavery atyour own pleasure. We would not press you, norhire you to extinguish the system. But when youshall have made up your mind fully that your ownwell-being would be promoted by putting an end tothat system, you may draw upon the National Treasuryfor $250 for each and every slave emancipated,to enable you to make a fair and honorable compensationto your slaveholders. Take your owntime. The other is permanent and unchangeable.You may have the balance of the century to decidein, if you will.' hire enable This appears to us to be very low ground indeed,and not at all calculated to impress the slaveholderwith a sense of the great CRIME he is penetrating.We do not see how it can be reconciled with anti-slaveryprinciples. In this light we perceive thatit is viewed at the South. The Louisville Journal,though decidedly opposed to the scheme, hails it asan evidence of 'the change that has come over thespirit of the dreams of the people of the North inregard to the abolition of slavery.' This communication,says the Journal, comes from reliablesource, and it asserts that a radical change hat beeneffected in the opinions of the anti-slavery agitatorsof the North; it is a virtual repudiation of Republicanismby the real abolitionists of the North;and it is, more than all else, a declaration that theabolitionists are done with their repeated and incessantaggressions against the South, and are readyto lay down their arms and ask the co-operation ofthe South in the proposed philanthropy. South. Journal Journal Southern editors will find themselves reckoningwithout their host. Mr. Burritt has certainly ledthem astray. There is no such renunciation of principleamong Northern abolitionists as is here supposed.Very few of them will endorse Mr. Buritt'sappeal to the selfishness of the masters. Nor will be succeed any better with the slaveholders.They will tell him, as the Louisville Journaldose—The people of the South have been taughtthat slave labor is the cheapest and most availablefor their purposes, and that it is incalculably betterfor them than any other kind of labor.' 'Slaverywill go wherever it is more profitable than free labor.This is a principle of political economy that thenegrophilists might as well acknowledge first as last.They may be able to split these States as under. Theymay be able to erect a separate union of the free-sailStates, and a separate union of the slaveholdingStates, but they cannot, and will not, with theirsenseless agitation, change the condition of a singleslave in the Southern States.' Journal We think Mr. Burritt ought to he satisfied withthis candid avowal of the determination of the South.His plan of conciliation will certainly be rejected bythose whom he is most anxious to persuade. Wehave no faith in arguments addressed to human selfishness;no faith in money as the condition of performingan act of justice; no faith in allowingwrong-doers 'the balance of the century' to decidewhether it will be for their own interest to doright.—American Baptist. American Baptist. 
