 It is, announced that William L. Garrison, "theNestor of the Abolitionists," as he is boastinglyplacarded, is to deliver an address on the war inWashington Hall We cannot but think that thisannouncement must have taken this community bysurprise. The position of this man, and the factionof which he is the "Nestor," has been and is wellknown as one of undisguised, deadly hostility to theConstitution, the Union, and the Government of theUnited States. For years, Garrison has, in seasonand out of season, denounced the Constitution of theUnited States in terms of unmeasured bitterness andhate, and openly advocated and urged the dissolutionof the Union established by our fathers. Hehas contributed as much, probably, in proportion tohis position and ability, as any other one man, tobring the country into its present deplorable condition;and now, as be beholds the results of his efforts,and the efforts of others like him, he exultswith a sort of fiendish joy in the apparent successwhich seems to have attended his wicked machinations.And yet, this political incendiary, this habitualreviler of the Constitution and enemy of the government,this traitor in words, if not at heart and inovert act, is to be brought here to desecrate with hispresence and utterance the Hall which bears thename of Washington. It is too bad. It is an outrageupon the patriotic sentiment of our community;upon the feelings of every true friend of theConstitution, and of the President and administration,who are exerting every energy to preserve andmaintain that Constitution. We know not by whatagency this arrangement has been made; it is not,we understand, a part of the series of lectures heretoforeannounced. We hope and trust it will receiveno support from the people. This is no timefor dallying, or mincing matters. Those who, withtheir presence and money, countenance and encourageGarrison, and such as he, should be marked witha stigma like that which would be branded uponthose who, in the present crisis, when the governmentis struggling for its existence, would dare tofurnish aid and comfort to Mason and Slidell or Jeff.Davis, should those traitors be brought here to promulgatetheir treasonable dogmas in the ears of thisimmunity.—Greenfield (Mass.) Democrat. Greenfield (Mass.) Democrat. ☞The tax-payers of Greenfield are ready andwilling to pay their full proportion of the expensesof the present war for the MAINTENANCE OF THECONSTITUTION, and they desire to sustain the administrationin all necessary measures for that purpose.Are they willing at the present dark hour ofour country's history to see their Town Hall desecratedby the ravings of men who denounce that Constitutionas a "covenant with death and a leaguewith hell"?—whose presence there is for the purposeof making war upon that sacred instrument?For one, I desire to enter my protest against it. —Ibid. Ibid. AGRICOLA. GRICOLA. 
