 Fellow-Citizens:—In a few days, the ProvisionalGovernment of the Confederate States will live onlyin history. With it we shall deliver up the trust wehave endeavored to use for your benefit, to thosemore directly selected by yourselves. The public recordof our acts is familiar to you, and requires nofurther explanation at our hands. Of those matterswhich policy has required to be secret, it would beimproper now to speak. This address, therefore,will have no personal reference. We are well assuredthat there exists no necessity for as to arouseyour patriotism, nor to inspire your confidence. Werejoice with you in the unanimity of our State, in itsresolution and its hopes. And we are proud withyou that Georgia has been "illustrated," and wedoubt not will be illustrated again by her sons inour holy struggle. The first, campaign is over; eachparty rests in place', while the winters snow declaresso armistice from on high. The results in the fieldare familiar to you, and we will not recount them.To some important facts we call your attention: Fellow-Citizens: First: The moderation of our own governmentand the fanatical madness of our enemies have dispersedall differences of opinion among our people,and united them forever in the war of independence.In a few border States a waning opposition is givingway before the stern logic of daily developing facts.The world's history does not give a parallel instanceof a revolution based upon such unanimity amongthe people. First: Second: Our enemy has exhibited an energy, aperseverance and an amount of resources which wehad hardly expected, and a disregard of Constitutionand laws which we can hardly credit. The resultof both, however, is that power, which is thecharacteristic element of despotism, and renders itas formidable to its enemies as it is destructive toits subjects. Second: Third: An immense army has been organized forour destruction, which is being disciplined to the unthinkingstolidity of regulars. With the exclusivepossession of the seas, our enemy is enabled to throwupon the shores of every State, the nucleus of anarmy. And the threat is made, and doubtless theattempt will follow in early spring, to crush us witha giant's grasp by a simultaneous movement alongOur entire borders. Third: Fourth: With whatever alacrity our people mayrush to arms, and with whatever energy our Governmentmay use its resources, we cannot expect tocope with our enemy either in numbers, equipmentsor munitions of war. To provide against these odds,we must look to desperate courage, unflinching daring,and universal self-sacrifice. Fourth: Fifth: The prospect of foreign interference is atleast a remote one, and should not be relied on. Ifit comes, let it be only auxiliary to our own preparationsfor freedom. To our God and ourselves alonewe should look. Fifth: These are stern facts; perhaps some of them areunpalatable. But we are deceived in you if youwould have us conceal them in order to deceive you.The only question for us and for you is, as a nationand individually, what have we to do? We answer: First: As a nation we should be united, forbearingto one another, frowning upon all factious oppositionand censorious criticisms, and giving a trustfuland generous confidence to those selected as ourleaders in the camp and the council chamber. First: Second: We should excite every nerve andstrain every muscle of the body politic to maintainour financial and military healthfulness, and, by rapidaggressive action, make our enemies feel, at theirown firesides, the horrors of a war brought on bythemselves. Second: The most important matter for you, however, isyour individual duty. What can you do? The foot of the oppressor is on the soil of Georgia.He comes with last in his eye, poverty in his purse,and hell in his heart. He comes a robber and amurderer. How shall you meet him? With thesword, at the threshold! With death for him orfor yourself! But more than this—let every womanhave a torch, every child a firebrand—let the lovedhomes of our youth be made ashes, and the fieldsof our heritage be made desolate. Let blacknessand ruin mark your departing steps, if depart youmust, and let a desert more terrible than Sahara welcomethe Vandals. Let every city be levelled bythe flame and every village be lost in ashes. Letyour faithful slaves share your fortune and yourcrust. Tryst wife and children to the sure refugeand protection of God—preferring even for theseloved ones the charnel-house as a home than loathsomevassalage to a nation already sunk below thecontempt of the civilized world. This may be yourterrible choice, and determine at once and withoutdissent as honor and patriotism and duty to God require. Fellow-citizens, lull not yourselves into a fatal security.Be prepared for every contingency. Thisis our only hope for a sure and honorable peace. Ifour enemy was to day convinced that the feast hereinindicated would welcome him in every quarter ofthis Confederacy, we know his base character wellenough to be assured that he would never come.Let then the smoke of your homes, fired by women'shands, tell the approaching foe that over sword andbayonet they will rush only to fire and ruin. We have faith in God and faith in you. He isblind to every indication of Providence who has notmen an Almighty hand controlling the events of thepast year. The wind, the wave, the cloud, the mist,the sunshine and the storm have all ministered toour necessities, and frequently succored us in ourdistresses. We deem it unnecessary to recount thenumerous instances which have called forth ourgratitude. We would join you in thanksgiving andpraise. "If God be for us, who can he against us?" Nor would we condemn your confident look to ourarmies, when they can meet a foe not too greatlytheir superior in numbers. The year past tells astory of heroism and success, of which our nationwill never be ashamed. These considerations, however,should only stimulate us to greater deeds andnobler efforts. An occasional reverse we must expect—such as has depressed us within the last fewdays. This is only temporary. We have no fears of the result—the final same.You and we may have to sacrifice our lives in theholy cause; but our honor will be saved untarnished,and our children's children will rise up to call us"blessed." HOWELL COBB, R. TOOMBS, M.J. CRAWFORD, THOMAS R.R. COBB. 
