 A SERMON BY REV. O.B. FROTHINGHAM. A veryhandsome pamphlet edition of a recent sermon by Rev.O.B. Frothingham has been published in New York,and is for sale by Walker Wise &Co., Boston. Itstitle is "Seeds and Shells." The best thing we cansay of it is that it is entirety worthy of its author,—aman who, if his life is spared, is yet to be acknowledgedas one of the leading minds of America. Wegave a brief extract from the sermon, last week in anarticle on the death of Adjutant Hodges.—RoxburyJournal. ERMON BY EV. ROTHINGHAM. RoxburyJournal. [From the admirable sermon here referred to, wemake the following extract as a specimen of its quality:— It is the most earnest hope of many, and thosethe most earnest people, that we, as a people, arenow passing through a process of evolution, and it isthis hope alone that sustains them amid the sorrowsand sacrifices of the times: sorrows, however, whichreally do not yet, and hardly by any possibility can,compare with those endured by our noble fathers inthe Revolution, that has made us what we are; sacrificesthat do not begin to be as heavy as theirswere. The principle of life in our people, the sentimentof liberty, the sense of the right and human,the practical feeling of what is due to man, as man,has been growing prodigiously, to many people veryalarmingly, in the last twenty years. It has increasedwith the increasing population, it has enlargedwith the enlarging territory, it has becomeclear and powerful by force of circumstances. Itcould not any longer be-contained within the old sociallimits, and was rapidly creating a new societyof its own, radically different from that of olderStates. It has been apparent, for a long time, thatthe shell of the Constitution was becoming thin andweak at the clauses that pledged the return of fugitivesand guaranteed the three-fifths representation,and must soon open there; and now the ghastlysplit that pushes asunder the States that live by slaveryand the States that live by freedom, shows theextent to which the vital germs of our nationalityhave swollen, and the vigor with which they insiston making their way out into larger developmentand more purely human relations. The Southernpeople knew that the elements of free society wereon the spread, better than we knew it, who werebearing them in our bosoms and scattering themthrough our States. They felt the significance ofthat growth before we did; they confessed its irresistiblenesswhile we doubted its existence; theycaught the alarm before we cherished the hope of itsadvance; they acted on an instinct which our innocentunconsciousness persisted in regarding in thelight of a frenzy, and was in truth very simply andhonestly amazed at. They understood us far morecompletely than we understood ourselves, and theaction which they adopted and pursued so eagerlywas suggested by that understanding, and fully justifiedby it. As has been finely said, "Slavery, thesavage, laid its ear to the ground, and heard inthose ballots falling for Abraham Lincoln the fataltramp of many centuries, the mustering for libertyof the ages that take no step backwards." It didnot care to wait till the firm tramp of those centuriesechoed through the streets of Southern cities; itshook its head doubtfully at the asseverations of theRepublican scouting party, that no army was comingat all, that simply a picket guard was to be stationedalong the border line, with strict orders notto set a foot on the sacred soil. It distrusted ourproclamations, and laughed to scorn our professionsor regard for the Union, the Constitution, and theexisting laws. It had discovered and rightly interpretedthe "Social significance of our institutions,"as clearly as any of our philosophers, and much earlierthan they. It turned a deaf ear to the pacificassurances of our statesmen and politicians, andheard only the thunder-voice of Destiny, biddingit prepare for the worst, foolishly fancying that forthe South, too, it was the worst, and not the bestThe simple fact that, when challenged to name theirgrievances, the list which the Speeders producedwas so ridiculously small, was a proof that theirgrievances were very deep, too deep to be spoken,too deep to be argued. Such action as theirs couldnot be taken without cause; and the cause was onethat was more tangible to their social instinct thanto their logic. The more sophistical their plea, themore conclusive their reasoning; the more flimsytheir justification, the more rooted their conviction.Our popular orators never had easier task than tomake sport of their manifestoes; but, when themanifestoes were torn all to pieces by historicalstatements, by argument, rhetoric, wit, the positionof our adversaries remained as unshaken as if theyhad not been touched. They knew that a processof social development, which had been going on foryears, had at last reached the point when its opendisclosure was certain, and all attempts to hide it beneaththe old Constitution were vain. They sawthat the shell of the formal Union must crack, andthey were determined, since crack it must, that itshould crack at the great central team which dividedthe democratic from the aristocratic institution. Withdesperate stroke they smote the old fabric, and torea portion of it away. Ghastly was the rent theymade. Ghastly as the pale corse that lay in itswinding-sheet at the foot of the cross will be theprostrate form of the old organization, the dear oldform so many loved. It is the growth of liberty whichhat caused this bursting open of a nation's constitutionalenvironment. And, ah! what a harvest may comefrom this decomposing and perishing seed! a harvestof peace to "right-minded men." Think, O think,what it would be to heave from our hearts that monstrousbelching Ætna of slavery, and to draw in, insteadof its sulphurous blasts, long and deep inhalationsof the pure atmosphere of Heaven! The emancipationof the black people would be the emancipationof all the white people in the land. The merchantswould be free in their honor; the traders would befree in their honesty; judges would be free to bejust; lawyers would be free to be conscientious;clergymen would be free to be Christian; patriotswould be free to love their country sincerely; citizenswould be free to consult the glorious welfare ofthe State; gentlemen and ladies would be free totell the truth in parlor and street. The seeds ofhealthy industry and quick intelligence would bescattered broad-cast over the whole country, andwould come up in the shape of factories, schools, libraries,churches, clustering houses in the midst ofpleasant gardens and teeming farms, flourishing villages,great cities, literature, science, art, laws fittedto the moral sentiment of the nation, institutionssuited to the popular life. What luscious fruit to theSouthern people themselves would not all this bring!The brain is bewildered at the dream of it: the redemptionof their lands; the enormously enhancedproduction of free labor; the lifting of that blackterror of insurrection; the privilege of teaching thelaboring class, and of turning to account the latenthuman powers, whose activity they dare not now encourage;the rescue of thousands of young men fromthe pit of a most abominable licentiousness, and theopening to them of a manly and honorable career—where shall we stop? There is really no and to thebenefits that emancipation would confer. All thatfree institutions have done, where they have donemost; all that free institutions have done in Massachusetts,might be freely promised in time to all thecontinent, if the shell, already so cracked and dividedthat it just hangs together by a few filaments ofsentiment or policy, could be manfully tirade, andnobly permitted to fall into the ground, and die.This is an hour of high congratulation at the splendidsuccess of our Federal arms; success the moreencouraging, as opening a way, into the very heartof slave-dom, for the entrance of a civilization, armed,invasive, eager, enthusiastic, untrammelled, drivenbefore the blasts of Providence, and persistent withthe whole vigor of destiny. Let the morning starsof our banner sing together once more, in this faintflushing of the new creation's dawn; let the gunstell the coming of a new morning; let joyous bellsring out our gladness on the wintry air; but let ussee that the supreme cause of congratulation is thealmost gigantic progress of the public sentiment infavor of liberty, which has brought us to this pass atlength, and which speaks out now in noble speeches—speeches like buds on the brown bark of the appletree, showing that the day-spring from on high isadvancing with steady steps, and will soon; quite ofan occasional east wind, cover all the tree tope withthe fragrant snow of the young summer. at the great central team which dividedthe democratic from the aristocratic institution. It is the growth of liberty whichhat caused this bursting open of a nation's constitutionalenvironment. The emancipationof the black people would be the emancipationof all the white people in the land. clergymen would be free to be Christian; What luscious fruit to theSouthern people themselves would not all this bring! There is really no and to thebenefits that emancipation would confer. 
