 PEOPLE OF THE NORTH: In this hour of nationalperil have twenty million of free man nothing todo but to stand and watch to see what a few menat Washington will do? EOPLE OF THE ORTH I ask you, Northern men and women, who waitand wish-and long for something to be done, whatcan be done, and who will do it? Do you expect the President and his Cabinet,even though united, to mould the nation, and outof this discord bring forth harmony? And to do it,too, with such a mysterious silence, that we shallnever know when or how the nation was born again? Do you expect Gen. McClellan to lead six hundredthousand Northern freemen into the jaws ofslavery—into the valley of death—white you declarethey shall not slay, nor even touch, the hydraheaded monster that stands ready to devour them?Can he lead an army forward without the inspirationof some purpose? Must you not unseal his lips,unfetter all his powers, until his noble proclamationwinnow our ranks of dastards and traitors: till beshall raise oar standard so high, that none but thosewhose eyes have looked on the Star of Bethlehemcan see and follow? With four million slaves on our side, led by theGod of Moses, what are three hundred thousandslaveholders with their barbarian minions, backedup by allied England, France and Spain? Millions of Northern men and women read thedaily papers, and wish that on the Potomac theremight be some grand move, never rearming thatthe army and the government foil back on thepeople for principle and power, for conscience andcourage, and are themselves anxiously waiting forthem to decide what is to be done. The grandest move that can be made is for ussay, "SLAVERY MUST DIE!" From sea to sea, letthere go forth one simultaneous shout for freedom.Proclaim a day of jubilee to the bondmen that dwellin our land. LAVERY MUST DIE You ask why they, at Washington, wait? Theywait for us to speak. Our statesmen have, withthought and care, reviewed the ground, and clearlysee there is no hope for us, but through one mightygate, whose ponderous hinges they cannot turn alone.Aided by the Northern boats, it would soon spring.open wide, and usher our army into the temple ofliberty, whose presiding goddess stands ready tocrown the heroes who, in this holy crusade a, havefreely offered all that mankind holds most dear onthe altar of their country's fame and glory. Now is the time to speak. This nation must beelectrified, until one purpose pulsates every heart.Let our bravest and our best, the distributors of divineinfluence, be omnipresent. Like tireless angles,let them gather up every sigh and groan, and hopeand prayer for liberty; and with them, forge freshthunderbolts to burl against the bulwarks of slavery.Now is the time for holy men to call around themthose who wait to bear; those who in anguish cry,"Watchman, what of the night?" Let us declare to the earth, that this is a war forhigh and holy principle, not for a slaveholding Union,that cannot be restored, or a Constitution that wasnever sacred to one half the nation. This is a war against barbarians, who know nolaw but that of might; against idolaters, whose godsare cotton and slavery; against polygamists andadulterers, who have abrogated the marriage institution,sold men and women on the section-block,and given their own daughters to the highest bidder. Let us declare the purpose of this war—inscribeLIBERTY on owe banners, and hid the people toforward— purpose IBERTY "The crisis presses on us,Face to face with us it stands."  To-day Humanity expects every man to do hisduty. Let the blacksmith at his anvil, the farmerat his plough, the merchant at his desk, all strikethe key-note of Liberty; for this is the grand chorusof freedom, chanted in the New World, by martyrsfrom every race and clime. It is a, most significantfact, that every nation that has ever foughtfor liberty on her own soil is new represented in ourgrand army.  From this hour let no General dare to send oursoldiers on the base errands of slavery. It was notfor such foul deeds our Northern freemen left theirhomes, poured out their hard-earned wealth, andwelcomed toil and death. With bleeding hearts our mothers never senttheir sons to hunt brave men back into the bell ofslavery. If our commanders now at the helm know not howor where to guide the shin of State, let them retirebelow, until the waves subside, and summon to thedeck the ablest of the crew, those who know wherethe dangers lie, and how to battle with the storm. Let the indignant thunders of a nation's voice fallon our Pharaoh's ear, and bid him know that for thesacrifice of life and home, and wealth and ease, weare resolved that our flag shall wave from lake togulf, from sea to sea; and that none but freemenshall rest beneath its stars. ELIZABETH CADY STANTON. LIZABETH ADY TANTON. [This excellent Address of Mrs. Stanton was readat the State Anti-Slavery Convention recently held atAlbany, N.Y., to which it was originally sent.] 
