 There have been many good lions in the world.But since the days of the royal lions among whomDaniel fell, there have been none so temperate, soexemplary in every Christian grace, as the lionsamong whom Jonathan has fallen. When; Englandgot her lion-stork; of what breed it is; bywhat cross or training it has been improved, we, donot know; but so well-bred, well-behaved, and altogetheradmirable lions as there are in that royalden, we do not believe the world ever saw. Several of its graces fill the English papers justnow with singular admiration. Never aid lion beforeshow such a temperate appetite; never hadlion such moral scruples; never did lion seem sonear to prophetic condition of lying down with thelamb. There the royal brute lay in the very doorof England, and saw beeves, sheep, and much swineof American affairs driven before it, and neversnatched a morsel. We shall never know how thisdear converted lion inwardly felt; what struggles itwaged, and what victories it inwardly gained. Butwe are assured that he never stirred a paw, norlicked his watering lips, but saw all the confusionand accessible prey of America with no sentimentsbut those becoming a truly converted and Christianlion! The British Standard, a religious weekly news-paper,edited, we believe, by our friend, the mostestimable find excellent Rev. Dr. Campbell, in theNew Year's summary, given in the number for January3, exhibits some of the virtues and experiencesof the British lion, in a way that should make theAmerican eagle hang its head. British Standard 1. The lion's opinion of the loyal States:— "It it useless for people to tell us of Northern nobleenthusiasm, and point to the challenge of the Presidentfor 75,000 able-bodied men so eagerly answered.What did they do? What have they done? Whatcan they do? To say now that the Americans 'arenot a military people' is no answer at all. The courseswagger of their rulers would have led the civilizedworld, had they not known better, to have regardedthem with scrupulous civility, approaching almost toterror. The boasted prowess of the North has proveda delusion; and unless hostilities with England shouldunhappily break out, there seems but little prospectthat peace between the American belligerents wouldbe any nearer next Christmas than now. The Northhas been over and over again both defeated and disgraced,and no matter what extenuating circumstancesmay be urged, if such they can be called: there thefacts stand." The respectful language in which the President ofthe United States is mentioned, the sympathy withwhich a people are regarded who are struggling tosave their Government and institutions from an insurrectionof slaveholders and a war of ten Statesconfederated to establish slavery as the "cornerstoneof the republic," according to Vice-PresidentStephens, cannot but excite the regard of all wholove civilized lions, and who abhor such untamedbeasts as yet exist in Africa. 2. The lion boasts of controlling his appetite:— "Our traders, however great their losses, haveviewed tie matter in a temperate spirit; our shipshave patiently borne vexatious annoyances which willnot be always endured; and area our working populationin the manufacturing provinces, whose mainsupport is cotton, have, in the face of present news,left off murmuring. England can stand erect in theface of the world, and defy any one to point to a singleword or action on her part which infringed that strictneutrality which she has always so anxiously strivento preserve." Not to meddle with affairs that do not belong tohim costs much to his traders, his ship-owners, andhis manufacturers. But, let the world take notice,the lion does not stir out of his tracks yet. Hegrowled, but even that is now stopped, and he sayshe has "left off murmuring." Not a growl, not awhiffet, not a purr: ever so gentle! 3. The lion pats his sides:— "Enough of the general question. The one momentousevent, the circumstances of which are freshin the mind of every individual in the country, deservesseparate, although brief notice. It is, as wehave before remarked, matter for pride and admirationthat the whole country remained cool and comparativelyunexcited under intelligence so irritating,so calculated to arouse the worst and most enduringof all the passions of our nature. Pending the probablehourly arrival of the mail, it is unnecessary to addmore." The lion was tempted, it seems. St. Jerome wastempted; St. Francis was; all eminent saints havebeen. The path of peace cannot be trod by lion'spaw without some self-denial. But the British lionhas been mercifully sustained. We do not wonderthat it admires itself. When had lion more causefor pride, for devout pride, grateful pride,—indeed,for spiritual pride? There was a chance to fight,and be didn't! He smelt blood, but would not tastea drop! Daniel gives some account of hit own experiencesduring his stay in the royal dormitory oflions, and also of the king's feeling, who, with themost conscientious scruples and despotic qualms oftenderness, had put him to bed with such strangebedfellows. Ana be declares that angels "had shutthe lions 'mouths." But the English lion had tohold his own mouth, without supernatural aid. Wecan imagine the creature, with one paw beneath theunder-jaw and another above his muzzle, resolutelyholding fast a mouth in which some remains of theold nature yet lingered. Bat now the lion's mouthis opened, again; but this time to utter congratulationsand praises of his own transcendent virtue.May be never fall from grace! If he has not yetattained to the eating of straw, like an on, be is onthe way to it. He feeds surprisingly well on cotton,and his diet agrees with him. So long at thecotton bale endures, the British, lion will be pious. 3. The other tide. The other tide. We are really grieved to know that there arescorners around the royal des, who deride all thesoft experiences of the lion, and who charge himwith conduct unbecoming—we will not say to a civilizedlion, but even to the dignity of one of thosesuperb wildings that Gérard hunted. There, forinstance, is the London Herald of Peace, publishedthe same week with the British Standard that describesthe conduct of the royal brute in this scandalousmanner:— London Herald of Peace British Standard "For, look at the case calmly for a moment. AnAmerican captain has exercised in a somewhat questionableform, one of the rights of war, which, let itbe remembered, has become such mainly through ourteaching and example, and has been more frequentlyand more peremptory practiced by us thaw by another nation in the world. And what has been theresult? Why this: that before time has been givento investigate the case, before negotiation with theAmerican Government was possible, before the greatauthorities on international law could be comparedand collated, so as to elicit anything like a clear andconsistent judgment, the public voice has broken forceinto an hysteric scream of anger mad defiance. Numbersof people go about with clenched flats and flushedcountenances, refusing to hear of any alternative butthat of war to the knife. The air resounds with wordsof threatening and slaughter. The newspapers aresurcharged with every form of outrage and insultthey can devise against the American Governmentand people." A paper in Oxford, England, in its January issue,has the following editorial language, of a characterexceedingly objectionable to all believers in theBritish lion: "And is there not a mocking, scornful, proud, lyingand blood-thirsty legion entered into that other'church,' the priesthood of literature so-called? Inthe very presence, as it were, of our unburied dead,have not the worst passions of our nature bee stimulatedas by incarnate fiends? By misrepresentationand exaggeration, by defamation end falsehood in athousand forms, the chief literary organ at the nationhas day by day stimulated to hot and hasty and unreasoningrevenge. With a settled and studied andcold malevolence, which we like not to call humanbut which exemplifies all the satanic in man, theTimes has breathed out threatenings and slaughter.It has sought to poison the very life-blood of the nationit has striven to sink the national honor into eternalinfamy, and to have the national courage branded withcowardice through all time. Have not the Times andits followers sought to identify the Government andnation with that sum of all villainies, slavery; and to"ally' the nation with conspirators, men-stealers, andthe would be founders of a slave empire? Have theynot greedily seized occasion—have they not madeoccasion to do this? With a cowardice and criminalitytoo great for a name, have they not striven to exciteand hound on the nation? Yes; the cry has beenStrike! Strike, and do not hear: strike, and 'kill,kill;' kill the man, our brother, who has fallen amongthieves, and is struggling for honor, freedom, lifeStrike with and for the rebel slaveholder; slander andstrike your erring brother in his extremity, and callthat the vindication of national honor, and a displayof British energy and courage. Strike, and do nothear. Write and speak of 'The American Compaign,'of 'our enemies,' and of 'the war,' as if you fearedpeace, and were of those who 'delight in war,' againstwhom inspired prayer stands written! Thus, as ifindeed Satan were unbound, and had entered into themen of the Times and the Saturday Review—thus, evenin the new widowhood of our honored and belovedQueen, have we had the suggestions of cold malevolenceand studied wickedness, and war-shrieks, as ofinfernal spirits, the enemies of God and man, athirstfor human blood." Times Times sum of all villainies not The American Compaign Times Saturday Review Somebody is mistaken. Either Dr. Campbell is,or the peace folks are. Somebody's lion has beenconducting himself ridiculously. What are the facts? A FABLE WITH A MORAL. Once upon a time aSouthern preacher said to his slave, "Peter, how didyou like my sermon this morning?" "Ah, massa,berry much! You look jes like a lion." "Lion,Peter? Why, you never saw a lion." "Oh you,massa, I seed him. Tom ride him down to water,by here, ebery day." "Why, Peter, that is a' jackass,and, not a lion," "Well, massa, can't help it.Dat's jest de way you look."—N.Y. Independent. ABLE WITH A ORAL. N.Y. Independent. 
