 Delivered in the House of Representatives, Jan. 27, 1862. The House being in Committee of the whole onthe state of the Union, Mr. RIDDLE said,— IDDLE The one great question which to-day presents forsolution to the people of this country, is the dispositionof the African race among us. And so neardoes this question He to the nation's life, and so intertwistedis it with its vital fibre, that the prosperity,perhaps the existence, of the country itselfdepends upon Its true solution. I do not like thisquestion; I never did. I wish it were not here, noranywhere; but it is upon us, and we may not avoidit; we cannot escape it. It is upon and in andabout everything; mixed with everything; or, rather,it has itself become everything. We need not nowstop to complain of it, nor blame anybody for it.We may be indignant that it so blocks up the wayof the nation, and prevents the development of ourproud and beautiful race. We may say the negrois not worth all this clamor, or any part of it. Thatdoes not get rid of him. And you are to rememberhe did not bring himself and this war here. Negroesnever emigrate. He was stolen and plantedhere against his wish; and out of the ground whichhas beeen cursed with his alien feet has sprung thisinfernal question. A million of armed -soldiers aredebating it. It is the argument of every red fieldof conflict. Every morning a million of bayonetscome pricking through the doll cloud of night tocross and clash over it. It must be solved and settled.It must be talked about; all that everybodyknows of, or can think about it, had better straight-waybe said—said as well as men can say it; withgood intent and for good purpose. Let us see it inall the lights in which it can be exhibited, and find,if may be, a way out of it The woman-faced,lion-bodied Memphian Sphynx propounded a riddleto the passers by, and those who failed to rend itaright were put to death. To-day, like the Sphynx,propounds to us this question, and if we do notanswer rightly, we shall also perish. And those whowould postpone this weightiest matter ought to rememberthat the sword is already suspended over it,and a downward sweep will settle it forever. This rebel war makes us the inevitable allies ofthe slave in his war against the master; and everyslaveholder is in some sense, involuntary it may be,the ally of the rebels; and it is a most wonderfulindication that the limits of the infected region exactlycoincide with the boundary lines of the slaveStates. If any of those States remain nominallyloyal, it argues not only the depth and strength ofthe patriotism of the noble men who control them,but also the weakness and poverty of slavery inthem, and shows that it may be wholly overcome ina rational scheme of emancipation. In the application of our power, however derived,to the subject under consideration, I would adoptthe principles of that proclamation to the languageof which the oppressed and laboring heart of the nationrose up as to the voice of God—the propertyof all rebels should be confiscated, and their slaves"are hereby declared free." My convictions andjudgment might carry me further, but there arechecking considerations that at this time, to me, renderit inexpedient. I know that our amazing policy in this gasping,strangling contest for the breath of life is thus farthe reverie of this; we even reject with scorn theaid of one entire and powerful class of our subjects;that race, too, far whose destiny and our own thewar is; and yet we will perish, rather than aid shallcome from them. Nay, we will perish rather thanseek to withdraw them from striking with our mortalfoes! Was ever fatuity so sublime? What canbe the solution of this prodigious folly? Is it indeedtrue that slavery is the one holy thing, so sacredthat even in this struggle we are to remain the enemiesof our own allies, and the allies of our enemiesagainst ourselves? There never was a war conductedso lambent and so lamb-like, where the personsof your enemies are too sacred to be smitten byany save a pure white; and where you so carefullyguard their feelings against the mortification of beingbeaten in the field by the kindred of their ownbondmen. I remember this last summer, and it hasbeen recently repeated, the dignified incident ofstripping off a cast-off uniform from the back of acolored servant of one of your colonels, out of respectto the feelings of your enemy! Sir, a nationthat goes into such a struggle so daintily and mincingly,so be-gloved and be-scented and be-fooled andbesotted, will find it a death-struggle indeed. Never,until we can shuffle off these sickly and sickeningsentimentalisms, and confront this great catastrophewith all the means that lie within our graspin our bands, shall we be equal to its fearful demands.Gentlemen may torn their pallid facesloathingly away, and bold their weak stomachs, butI say to them that they and their policy mast go tothe rear—the front of this battle is for other hands. The Government is a unit; it cannot exist inbroken parts; and whoever strikes it down in SouthCarolina, strikes it down in Massachusetts. If youcannot-enforce its laws in New Orleans, it is idle toadjudicate them in New York. I know that, bycommon consent we may continue to obey them;but the essential sanction, found only in nationalsovereignty, is gone; so that a patriotism limited tothe narrow boundaries of a State binds us to theinexorable necessity of restoring ail the States underthe national sovereignty; for it is only throughthat means that the integrity and safety or our ownStates can be preserved. And that, sir, is our laborto the exclusion of everything else on earth. Adjust a system of judicature for Georgia andAlabama! This giant treason has torn asunder theband that bound this constellation of nations uponthe brow of this continent, and has tumbled themhither and thither, to be lost in the dust and asheswith which Time buries the dead nations. It is ourlabor to go forth like Titans, and, grasping these lostorbs, heave them up, and restore the unity and harmonyof our system. The labor is superherculean.Bring out your engineers, crane these up, and swaythem hack to their places, and fasten them therewith the eternal ligatures of truth and justice, foreverout of the reach of the loosening hand of rebellion! We are told, in this fearful exigency that "weshould not be is haste to determine what radicaland extreme measures, which may reach the loyalas well as the disloyal, are indispensable." Oh, no;we are to mince, and hesitate, and deliberate; andwhen we deal a blow, it is to be a, gentle, admonitorytap, upon an invulnerable part. If you strikestrong and heavy, the recoil may injure the loyal.Do not our loyal suffer? Is it nothing that thousandsand thousands of oar bravest and best godown in battle, and waste away to death in campand tent and hospital, waylaid in solitary, shadowygorges and glens, and murdered? Nothing that thewhole land is hung with the drapery of mourning,until it seems shrouded in the garments of night,and filled with the sobs of woe? Do not the loyalsuffer among us? And may the loyal of the borderStates purchase exemption from the unavoidableevils incident to war and their position? Shall thewhole country perish because its salvation wouldbring peculiar hardships, not to their lives or persons,but to their property alone, which may becompensated for? In the name of all that is fearfulin this exigency, what is it you demand for them,and at what a fearful hazard? Does not all thismean that, at all events, slavery is to be the onething not to suffer? Is it not weighing it nakedand alone against the nation, and in a doubtfulbalance? What fearful and terrible apprehensionsthis suggests! And if the time ever arrives in thecouncils of the Executive to make the hesitatingchoice, where will the patriots of the border Statesbe found? our "Gentle shepherd, tell us where?' Sir, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Wads-worth)more than answers this inquiry, and tells uswhere. They will strike doubtingly and languidlywith us until we differ about the mode of carryingon the war, and then against us. Be it so. Is thisthe measure and standard of a Kentuckian's love ofcountry? Were all these florid professions butpainted babbles, filled with tainted 'breath? Whatdoes this mean? Kentucky would remain true tothe Constitution; but, then, in a given event, therebellion would grow to such proportions as to includefifteen States. Let it grow if it will. Thegentleman may then learn, if he is curious, whetherwe can endure the "smell of gunpowder." I representthe gentleman as I understood him. Arethese the descendants of the Kentuckians of 1812—of that gallant host who came plunging through thewoods to our far-off invaded border; who raised thesiege of Fort Meigs, and aided us to pursue andcapture a British army on British soil? Do not saywe are ungrateful for this; or that we would injureKentuckians. Already thirty-five thousand bayonetshave gone sparkling over the dividing riverfrom Ohio to prove that we cannot forget; to provethat we so detest Kentucky, that we trust our braveand beautiful ones between her and her foes, andgive her a chance to rally, her own sons! What dogentlemen mean by these charges on this floor?Who is Garfield, and whence come his forty-secondregiment? Who are McCook and Ms ninth? Wheregot they their bayonets? And whence came Kinney,who planted his guns within sixty yards ofmurderous musketry? And the gallant Standart,and the fragile, girlish boy Wetmore, with his lionheart and Parrott guns? All, save McCook andhis ninth, are from my own fanatic region. Standartand his heroes are from my own city, and Wetmoretook his men from a single neighborhood of my district—all identical in sentiment, yet they asked noquestion, they made no condition, and they neverwill. The blood runs as red and hot and generouson the breezy shores of Lake Erie as in a moresouthern clime. If more men are needed, there areready thousands to go—take all. The newest brideshall be the widowed: the youngest babe shall bethe orphaned; the last hearth shall be left desolate;and the last heart beat and break under the war-hoof,without question or condition. No waveringor hesitation weakens an arm or checks the devotionof my people. fifteen States. But do not be in haste—no need in the world forexpedition! This blow has only cloven away one-halfof our empire, and a good deal more than halfour sea-coast, and reduced us to a rugged narrowbelt across the continent, and beleagured our capitalfor a few months. This is nothing! Do not forthat go to being radical, and get ourselves talkedabout! You might hurt a rebel's feelings, and makehim uneasy about his property. Do you remember, sir, the glowing figure of thegentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Harding) wholikened the States to the sons and daughters of agreat family residing in different apartments, of onegrand home mansion that had taken fire? You remember he, too, represented us Ohioans,Indianians, and Illinoisans, as refusing to aid in extinguishingthe flames, unless our brothers will consentto dismiss their, servants. Sir, it was thesevery domestics that caused this fire, and it is throughtheir agencies that it is still fed and fanned, and nopower on earth can save the edifice till they areexpelled. We will not aid, will we? Who furnished thesesix hundred thousand men and these six hundredmillions of money? Who now stands betweenKentucky and the flames, or fearlessly tread thebrands of the conflagration that have charred andblackened her? This mansion a indeed a wondrous edifice, suchas mortals never before erected. Grand and sub-timein its proportions, yet constructed on the simplestand most elementary principles of art. With itsout-sweeping walls, wide enough to protect the millionsof a continent, yet lifting its dome SO loftilythat the western sun flings its shadow across thesea, and falls startlingly and ominously among thepigmy kings and dwarfed tribes at the far-off OldWorld. What priceless riches are boarded in that structure!There are gathered all the hearths and hopesand homes of once happy millions; all the garneredtreasures of the past, the precious present, and theroots and elements of all the grand future. Thereis the fountain of law, and justice, and government,from whence emanates that protecting, all-pervadinginfluence we call the "public peace." And thisgrand nation-home is on fire: has been burning formonths. The whole south wing is a roaring mills ofmolten flames that shoot their fierce tongues intothe heart of the heavens, licking up the nights, andstartling the nations with their glare. The fierymass has rolled against the very walls of the Capitol,and left them shrunken, and blackened, andshriveled by its breath. And was sir, many of as, would meet teas conflagrationwith its great enemy. We propose to turnsupon it a torrent, compared with which Niagara,with its world of waters leaping from their cloudythrones, and crushing themselves in mist, is but aglittering cascade. "Hold on!" cry out our singedbrothers, with exclamatory horror, "hold on! youwill drown out our domestic instructions; and besides,your water is unconstitutional say way!""Hold on!" gasps the head of the family, chokedwith smoke, with his eye-lashes scorched off, "don'tbe radical; you seer weds away all the creepingthings this infest that wings, and I am sworn topreserve them. Let me try my gill cup a whilelonger! Don't be rash—let it burn!" Oh, yes; letit burn! God give us patience and wisdom in thisday of our visitation! To nations, as to individuals, is given but a singlelife; and its hopes and? opportunities are measuredby the span of to-day. Who can say when our todayshall close? Even now its hour seems to declineand languish. The sands of its minutes arecrushed to impalpable dust by the fearful burdensrolled upon them—burdens that we must carry, orunder which we must perish. 
