 A movement is now made to prescribe for theExecutive a course of procedure on this questionvery different from that indicated to him by thevoice of the people in the election of 1860. Thatmovement is to make Emancipation by Act of Congressthe ruling feature in the policy of the Government,in regard to the institution of slavery. Thisis unquestionably, the gravest question that has yetbeen forced upon the legislative councils of the Nation.It is one which has sprung up as incidentto the troublous times attending insurrection. It isnot one upon which the people have been interrogated,and upon which their verdict has been rendered.It therefore behooves the Government, both inits Legislative and Executive functions, to takegreat heed as to what they would do on this momentousquestion. Emancipation by Act of Congress For ourselves, we hesitate not to declare that welike not the aspect that this grave question assumes.We like not its parentage, we like not its character,we deprecate and dread its consequences. We believeit to be unwise; we doubt even its justice. No one—not even its authors—will pretend thatthis proposition for emancipation (we do not speakof the confiscation of the slaves of rebels) wouldhave found its way into Congress had there beenno insurrectionary movement against the governmenton the part of the rebels. It is only by virtueof their rebellious attitude, therefore, that the propositionis at all admissible, even for legislative discussion.Now, we would ask the authors and moversof this measure to tell us why and how it is, thatthis state of things renders this measure admissible,that would otherwise be regarded as monstrous.They will be ashamed to say that the time is auspiciousnow for the success of their measure, becauseforsooth, the Slave States are but thinly represented inCongress! This would be "taxation without representation"with a vengeance unheard of! Theirsense of justice and of manhood would revolt at this.The violation of their self-respect would be, in this,so gross and so debasing, that we cannot impute tothem such a mean and miserable motive! Will theytell us that it is the cheapest and safest mode ofsuppressing the rebellion? We believe it not—but,if it were so, is it not then a disgrace blighting toour national fame, searing to our national honor?What is this but an acknowledgment of our inferiority—of our inability to save ourselves and ourcountry, except by the help of African slaves?And if saved in this mode for the present, how couldit be kept safe in the future? Nay,—we deny thatof the South, in thousands of cases now longing forthe Union under which they have been always protected,would by such an act become universally embittered,and intensified in its hostility to a degreeof such utter ferocity, that would render the waragainst rebellion a sanguinary combat through indefiniteyears. confiscation the Slave States are but thinly represented inCongress! We believe it not Nor can it be regarded as altogether a safe proceedingto uproot at one stroke the domestic relationsof whole commonwealths, to annul all the lawsgoverning the relation of master and slave, to abrogatetheir relative rights and duties, and to turnfour millions of negroes, with their minds uniformed,their passions unregulated, their lusts untamed, outupon civilization, with no power to restrain but bythe strong arm of an omnipresent military force!—Such a proceeding might well invoke the most prudentialcaution. safe four millions But when told that their measure is neither wisenor just, that it is both improper and impolitic, itsadvocates then urge its adoption as a "military necessity."This we repudiate utterly. And in thisclaim for emancipation are exhibited its most hideousand revolting features. It is a claim put forthin its behalf, too, with the greatest confidence, andurged with the utmost pertinacity. But when it isremembered that "military necessity" is, and everhas been, simply another name for military despotism,and an apology for crime and lawlessness, thenthe offensive features of this measure of emancipationbecome painfully conspicuous.—Ohio State Journal. military necessity."This we repudiate utterly. Ohio State Journal. 
