 Under this invidious caption, the Boston DailyAdvertiser notices the resolution and speech ofWendell Phillips at the annual meeting of the AmericanA S Society, in the following characteristic,and really eulogistic, language: eulogistic This proposition is simply that it is the first dutyof every American citizen 'to devote himself to thedestruction of the Union and Constitution of theseUnited States.' The word 'citizen' seems to havebeen chosen with singular felicity to expose theanarchical nature of the proposition. There are no'citizens' in this country, except those whom theConstitution makes so. According to Mr. Phillips,it is the first duty of each of those citizens todestroy that Constitution, destroying the rights ofcitizenship at the same time, and this mighty fabricof a union of independent States, reared uponand supported by a strong and well-balanced Constitution,has only been erected, that the peoplewho become 'citizens' under it may be—as acharge of gunpowder—wholly annihilated in dismemberingthe structure which contained them.Perhaps Mr. Phillips will succeed in producingthis result, when he begins by drilling his holes,instead of applying his match to the solid rock. destroy Mr. Douglass, who followed Mr. Phillips, boastedthat he had 'no patriotism.' He did not placehimself upon the high ground of some of our philanthropists,that their country is too small a limitfor their affections; but he maintained that thiscountry and its institutions were too bad for himto include it in his valued embrace. Mr. Phillips,without making this abrupt statement, altogethertoo blunt for his eloquence, and too shocking forhis more highly educated sensibilities, has strucka stronger blow against his country. His resolutiongoes beyond an abjuration of country; he canonly be satisfied with the destruction of the Constitutionand the Union. boasted destruction The speeches and resolutions of this meeting inNew-York—and spectacle as they afford in a nationwhose prosperity and existence depend solelyupon the intelligence and sound sense of its people—would not be subject of remark, did they notfurnish a striking instance and type of the resultwhich necessarily follows the adherence to asingle idea, in the attempt to control complicatedaffairs. They are a lesson to all ultraists, andshould be taken as a warning by every one Whowishes well to his country. 
