 At an early hour on Monday evening, May 3d,1847, the house was filled to overflowing with ahighly respectable audience. After a voluntary onthe organ, by Mr. Bowen, the meeting was called toorder by John T. Hilton. The following gentlemenwere appointed officers, viz: William C. Nell, President; Robert Morris, Jr.Jonas W. Clark, Vice Presidents; Edward B. Lawton,George Allen, Secretaries. President; Vice Presidents; Secretaries. The guest of the evening, Frederick Douglass, wasthen conducted to the pulpit, accompanied by WilliamLloyd Garrison, and Wendell Phillips, Esq., whereon being seated he was greeted by repeated demonstrationsof applause. The throne of grace was then fervently addressedby Rev. Mr. Henson, of Canada, at the conclusionsof which, the chairman introduced Mr. Douglass tothe meeting, preceded by the fallowing remarks:— LADIES AND GENTLEMEN: ADIES AND ENTLEMEN We have assembled this evening, to extend thehand of welcome to our distinguished friend, andhumanity's eloquent advocate, Frederick Douglass,who, after an absence of twenty months in the oldworld, where he has won for himself, sad the causeso near his heart, laurels of victory, returns tous renewed in spirit, and eager for the conflict withAmerican pro-slavery and prejudice. We are happy to reciprocate, on this occasion, thesentiments advanced by the Chairman of the farewellmeeting, tendered him at London—' That wetestify to nun our affection for his person, our entireapprobation of his labors, and admiration for his attachmentto the great cause, with which he standsidentified.' It affords as the most heartfelt satisfaction, to acknowledgethe respect and attention exhibited by allclasses in England, Scotland, sad Ireland, to ourfriend, while traversing the length and breadth ofthe land in fulfilment of his mission. In England, whose soil will not bear the impressof a slave, sacred as the birthplace of Wilberforceand Clarkson, honored by the united labors of aconstellation of true men and women pledged everto do battle for the enslaved of every land, thereDouglass was made Welcome and 'stood redeemed,regenerated and disenthralled by the irresistiblegenius of UNIVERSAL EMANCIPATION.' In Scotland,too, renowned in her straggles for liberty bythe heroic deeds of Wallace and Bruce, and his owngreat prototype Douglass, a land illustrious in poeticassociations of Burns the ploughman poet, andWalter Scott of Abbotsford—there from the eliteof Edinburgh and Glasgow, as also the peasantryof Loch Katrine, redeemed NIVERSAL MANCIPATION. 'O'er hill and dale,By the bonnie highland heather'. in contrast with the awards of Republican America,Frederick Douglass was honored, as the language ofScotia's own hard proclaimed, 'A man for a' that.' And glorious liberty-loving Ireland,—'First flower ofthe earth, first gem of the sea',—though persecutedsad famishing, yet responded harmoniously to theteachings of Daniel O'Connell, and to Webb, Allen,Haughton, and of a host of true hearts, themselvesthe chief, and who greatly fastitated his inburs of lore among the people We should indeed be ungrateful as Abolitionists,did we fail to record our tribute of thanks all thosefriends, who have than sided by their time, talent,money, and influence, is accelerating the car of Emancipation.May the time speedily arrive, when the BritishLion and American Eagle, encircled with the appropriatebanner conspicuously adorned with theblended Thistle and Shemrock, units in one jubileeof thanksgiving, that the last night of AmericanSlavery is past, and that all upon her soil, of what-evercolor or clime, are indeed free and independent. Our friend has had every inducement to remainabroad. Houses, lands and money were profferedhimself and family, but true to the Amor Patriawhich barns so vividly on the altar of everyAmerican heart, he preferred the 'hills and valleysgreen' of his own native land, for with 'all its faults,he loves it still,' and as he expressed himself, 'determinedto acme back for the sake of his brethren—to speak for them—to write for them—to lift up hisvoice for them—in order to ensure their emancipation.' Permit me, without further trespass upon your patience,in your behalf to greet Frederick Douglasswith a cordial welcome home, and to invoke for himyour diligent attention to the words of instructionwith which he may be disposed to favor the meeting. Mr. Douglass, on rising, received the hand of thechairman, which was loudly approbated by the wholeaudience. Mr. Douglass confessed being much embarrassedat finding himself thus warmly greeted by his Bostonfriends, for which testimonial he had no words to expresshis gratitude. He had returned from his laborsacross the water, where every mark of esteemwas tendered him, and where he had addressed numerouslarge assemblies in behalf of humanity. Butduly to those at home bad induced him to resume hispost by the side of the faithful and true; to laborwith them for the redemption of the slave. Mr. Douglasspresented in detail many incidents of his tour—from the exhibition of American pro-slavery onboard the Cambria, outward bound, (which was,however, much ameliorated by the noble conduct ofCapt Judkins,) contrasted with the treatment awardedhim by all classes on the oil of Old England;during his remarks, presenting a graphic delineationof the Free Church of agitation, the Evangelical Alliance,his controversy with Dr. Cox at the great TemperanceMeeting in Covent Garden Theatre, which,being characterized by the orator's blended power ofwit and satire, drew forth repealed shouts of laughterand applause. A grateful tribute was also awardedthose devoted friends of the slave, George Thompsonand Henry C. Wright—the mention of whosenames was a signal for renewed applause. Mr. Douglass, after an allusion to his late ransom,acknowedged in an elegant flow of language the eminentservices of the British, Scotch and Irish friends,concluding by an earnest exhortation to all present,in imitation of those devoted and gifted champions,William Lloyd Garrison and Wendell Phillips, toin uncompromising warfure with American Slavery. Isaac H. Snowden submitted the following resolutions,which were subsequently adopted andordered to he published. Resolved, That we have listened with unalloyeddelight to the eloquent address of our guest, FrederickDouglass, and would tender him our congratulationshis safe return home? with the hope that hislife may long be spared, enabling him to urge, withcharacteristic ability, upon the people of America,the queuing of the prison doors to them that arebound. Resolved, That we regard his late mission abroad,in union with Wm. Lloyd Garrison, George Thompson,James N. Buffum and Henry C. Wright, as ofthe utmost importance to the cause of human brotherhood;and the manner in which it has been fulfilled,as reflecting upon them the highest credit—commandingthe admiration and warmest gratitude ofevery lover of truth, justice, and humanity. Resolved, That the exclusion of Frederick Douglassfrom the cabin of the Cambria homeward-boundfurnishes another proof of the omnipotence andomnipresence of American colorphobia. Resolved, That whatever opinions may be held,relative to the purchase of Frederick Douglass, ourthanks are nevertheless due those English friends,who felt such anxiety for his safety as to submit tobe robbed by soul-drivers and man-stealers. Mr. Garrison, who, on being introduced by theChairman, was heartily cheered, bore his testimonyto the real and ability manifested by Mr. Douglasswhile in Europe—remarking that there he was entirelyexempt from the annoyance of that ally ofslavery—prejudice against color. It is unknowneverywhere but in America. He rejected indignantlythe aboard dogme, that such prejudice was natural;for if so, all nations would exhibit it. He condemnedsuch a feeling as brutal, anti-republican andanti-Christian. Wendell Phillips, Esq., whose presence was unanimouslyapplauded, kindly acknowledged his appreciationof the favor extended him by the meeting,and would improve the opportunity to endorse theremarks to which they had listened—concurring inthe tribute to Mr. Douglass, and concluded by advocatingthe adoption of the resolutions. Henry Bibb, the eloquent fugitive, came forwardat call of the meeting, and offered a brief expositionof his feelings—rejoicing in the success of his brotherDouglass, and hoping that he might long continue towield his influence against the system of Americanslavery. He was succeeded by William G. Allen,of Troy. N. Y., editor of the National Watchman,who, in a few fervent remarks, illustrated the conditionof the nominally free colored American—hisdisabilities in the various Slates of the Union—alsothe prevalence and force of that vulgar prejudicewhich had been so truthfully delineated—expressinghimself happy in thus participating in the welcomeof Frederick Douglass. At half past eleven o'clock, the crowded assemblyadjourned, after uniting in three welcome shouts forFrederick Douglass, which did indeed make the welkinring—every heart responding to the satisfactionimparted by the joyous occasion. WILLIAM C. NELL, President. President. ROBERT MORRIS JR. Vice do.JOHAN W. CLARK Vice do. OBERT ORRIS R. Vice do. OHAN LARK Vice do. COWARD B. LAWREN,Secretaries.GEORGE ALLEN, Secretaries. OWARD B. AWREN, Secretaries. EORGE LLEN Secretaries. 
