 WENDELL PHILLIPS addressed the meeting ina speech of some length, but with far less than hisusual brilliancy and force. When we entered, hewas boasting of the opposition which the abolitionistsare now waging against the government oftheir country. There is not, he said, an honestabolition feeling in the United States, that does notfind its outlet in efforts to break up the Union ofthese States. He denounced the doctrine, recentlyput forth by Mr. Putnam, that a citizen is not responsiblefor a law that he disapproves, and contendedthat an oath to support the Constitution,requiring a man to deliver up a fugitive slave, couldnot be kept by a right man. Mr. Putnam, he knew,would not do it, and he did not believe that Dr.Cox or Dr. Kirk would. He contrasted the patriotismand the piety of 1776 with that of 1847; andTaylor and Scott of the army, and the ministers ofthe Evangelical Alliance who were skulking aroundthe city to hold meetings to promote Christianunion, he held up to the contempt of all the world.He said that if the patriotism and piety of '76 nowanimated the hearts of Americans, they wouldpray with both hands uplifted that our armiesmight be overthrown. Whereupon the abolitionistsapplauded, and the others hissed. Mr. Phillipswas listened to with great attention, as he alwaysis, for there are few speakers with greater powerto make the worse appear the better reason, tocover sophistry with the garb of truth, and charmthe oar with well-turned and poisoned periods. ENDELL HILLIPS Mr. GARRISON then rose and said, of all thepleasant sights on earth, he knew of none morepleasant than that [pointing to Frederick Douglass]of a chattel turned into a man. He then spoke ofthe recent tour of Douglass in England, and saidno man of any country or age had ever travelledthrough Great Britain, and had been treated withmore respect and attention, by all ranks, by station,beauty and fashion, than this fugitive slave. Hegloried in the abolitionism of England, while hewas ashamed of his own country. Mr. G. thenread a very long account of a farewell irce givento Douglass at the London Tavern, and followedwith a more tedious editorial from the LondonTimes, denouncing the Americans because the Britishofficers of the steamer Cambria refused Douglassa cabin passage on his return. ARRISON irce  Americans British The reading of these long papers, and the dullcomments of Mr. Garrison, were too much for theaudience, who were impatient for the exhibition ofFrederick Douglass, and they called out 'Douglass,Douglass,' from all parts of the house. 'You shallhear,' said Mr. Garrison, while the cries for Douglassbecame loader, and be was forced to bring himout. shall FREDERICK DOUGLASS was received with loudapplause. He stepped to the front of the platform,smiling to his friends, and said, 'I am glad to hehere,' and the people cheered him in return. REDERICK OUGLASS His speech was of himself—he had been clearto England: bad crossed the great ocean, and hadcome back. He had not come here to make eneloquent speech, O no; he was a simple man, andno doubt many would be disappointed with hismanner and his matter. But he felt for his brethrenin bonds, and wanted to do something to relievethem. He went largely into accounts of what he didabroad, and positions that he took, and collisionsbetween him and Dr. Cox, and Dr. Smythe, andMr. Marsh, on the heels of which lost gentlemanhe expressed himself delighted to have had thepleasure of treading. he he He characterized the sixty American clergy menwoo attended the World's Conventions in London, asmen who, however much truth they told in regardto the other world, pay little attention to it in manorsrelating to this. He however did not wish to beunderstood as saying that these gentlemen meantto lie, he only wished to say that they did lie.Douglass was nice in his distinctions of this kind.He said he did not wish to irritate the Americanpeople for the sake of irritation, but to arouse themby irritation and counter irritation. He wantedto blister them all over. He lauded England asthe land of freedom, and declared himself anxiousfor the overthrow of our government, and theshivering of oar Constitution. meant did lie. He took occasion to deny an aspersion cast onhis character by Mr. Garrison, who had spoken ofhim as loving his native land. He denied it entirely.He had no such foaling whatever. He thenentered into a protracted defence of his course inthe World's Convention, to which he said he wasnot a delegate, and continued until the retiring audienceintimated the necessity of his following theexample, which ha did. his The spirit of the meeting was alsogather moreendued than we have seen it at any former anniversary.There was no enthusiasm, but more hatredof Americana, more eulogy of the British, andless said about slavery and the slave than, at anyprevious meeting—New York Observer. New York Observer. 
