 If there is a world-wide philanthropist in existence—onewho is true to his conscience and hisduty—one who makes unbending principle his cynosureand guide—one whose abhorrence of injusticeand oppression is heart-fell and deep-rooted—one who is prompt to seize every opportunity to beara faithful testimony against the hideous system ofslavery which exists in the United Slates—that manis JAMES HAUGHTON, of Dublin. AMES AUGHTON In the Dublin Nation of the 10th ultimo, wefind reported at great length, the spirited and enthusiasticproceedings of the 'IRISH CONFEDERATION,'at its monthly meeting held April 7th. Themeeting was, in all respects, the most Importantwhich the Confederation has yet witnessed. TheMusic Hall, capable of containing 2,000 persons,was crowded to its utmost. The front and sideboxes showed a brilliant array of the beauty and educationof the city of Dublin, and the galleries andfloor were covered with the best remaining portionof the middle and operative classes. The platformwas occupied by the chairman, the council and itsguests, and the public press. ONFEDERATION At half past 7precisely, Mr. William Smith O'Brien,with whom were Messrs. O'Gorman, senand jun., Duff/, Mitchel, Bryan, Haughton, Meager,Railly, &c., entered the hall. The cheeringwhich greeted their entrance lasted several minutes.Round succeeded round, 'one cheer more' beingrepeated over and over again at least a dozen times,and each time with increased enthusiasm. Order being restored, Mr. O'Brien, amid renewedcheering, moved that James Haughton, Esq.,take the chair. The motion was seconded by acclamation, andcarried. Mr. Haughton, on taking the chair, made a briefspeech, replete with good sense and noble feeling,at the conclusion of which he said—' Permit me, fellow-citizens,to urge you all to cultivate in yourhearts sash an ardent love of liberty, as will causeyon to shrink from any contamination with Slave-holders,who may affect to sympathize with you inyour efforts to secure your own freedom. I havemore fears of the ill effects of slaveholding sympathyfrom America, and of the manner in which thatsympathy is received here, than from any other fearbesides. I am afraid we shall allow our hatred ofman-stealing to be buried under the blood-staineddollars of slaveholders. (Cries of no, no.) Eventhe Society of Friends in Dublin have descendedfrom the lofty position which they occupied untilnow before the world as the uncompromising enemiesof slavery, and have stabbed the cause of humanityto the heart, by accepting money from, andbecoming almoners to the women-whippers andcradle-plunderers of Baltimore and Charleston, andthey have refused money forwarded them by a committeeof ladies in London, because it was the produceof a benefit at a theatre. These monies weresent to the relief fund for one poor people, and theFriends have declared to the world that thus whichwas raised in a theatre is an abomination, while theblood-stained dollars of the slave-driver are an acceptableoffering at the shrine of benevolences. A Voice—In an assembly of Irishmen, that is notthe way America should he spoken of. (Cheers.) Mr. Haughton—Allow me to say—(confusion.) A Voice—These cheers for America. (Tremendouscheers.) Mr. Haughton—I am now about speaking of theconduct of Liverpool merchants in connexion with— A gentlemen here stood up in the gallery andsaid—I think this is out of place. (Cries of order,and question.) I am an American citizen, sir, andfeel interested in the question. (Cheers.) I thinkit is quite oat of place. (Loud cheers.) Mr. Haughton—I thought, in what I was endeavoringto do, I was taking the best means of advancingthe cause of human freedom. (Confusion.) A Voice—Repeal We want no slave lecturinghere. (Cries of order, and question.) After a short conference with Mr. Smith O'Brien, Mr. Haughton said—As there seems to be a differenceof opinion in this meeting to a considerableextent on the subject, I am willing to forego myown feelings—(cheers)—and, in taking my seal,allow me to express the strong conviction of mymind, that we shall never gain any of our liberties, ifwe he unmindful of the injuries done in the nameof liberty abroad. (Hear, hear.) Mr. William Smith O'Brien here took the floor,and made a long and very able speech on the situationand prospects of Ireland, and was followed byseveral other earnest speakers, up to a late hour.Mr. M Goe read an address of the Irish Confederationto the Hon. George M. Dallas, Vice Presidentof the United States, making grateful acknowledgments'for the efforts on behalf of Ireland nowbeing made throughout the United States,' at therecommendation of the great meeting convoked atWashington on the 9th of February, over which Mr.Dallas was chosen to preside—and warmly eulogizingthis country. Fearing the effect of this addresswould be to lower the tone of Irish feeling andsentiment en the subject of American slavery, Mr.Haughton said—You have done me the kindness tocall on ms to preside over this great meeting. I amyour servant this evening, and I shall put such resolutionsas may he placed in my hands, but you willnot expect me to relinquish my own opinions. Mr.O'Brien has called on you to sympathize with thepeople of Cracow: I heartily respond to that call.The inhabitants of that city may number sometwenty or thirty thousand individuals. The appealI made you was on behalf of three millions of Americanslaves. (Cries of 'question.') Mr M'Geehas told you that this address is the first manifestowhich has been sent across the waters. It is myopinion that, if you sanction this address, you willdo a great wrong to your country. (Cries of question,question.) I am speaking of the address; andI have only to add, before putting it for your adoptionor rejection, that it is addressed to a slaveholder. Mr Haughton is in error in supposing that Mr.Dallas is a slaveholder. But, though we are notaware that Mr. D. is the actual owner of slaves,every body on this side of the Atlantic known that,is regard to the enslavement of three millions ofhis countrymen, he is utterly remorseless, and thathe is one of the basest sycophants of the SlavePower. Mr. Haughton said, the business of the meeting,with the exception of receiving and enrolling nowmembers, had now terminated; and before theyseparated, he had a few painful words to address tohis fellow citizens. He felt that he was not in aright position there that evening; and from whathad occurred, a sadness had come over his heart.He had left the Repeal Association, because libertyof speech was not permitted there to some of hisyoung friends, by whom he was them surrounded;and that night, he (their chairman) was the onlyperson to whom liberty of speech was denied.—(Cries of no, no) He pleaded for liberty and humanity,and they would not hear him. Did they believethat the enemies of their cause would neglectto take advantage of this great error which theyhad committed? He believed in his heart it was afatal error. He regretted the course which hadbeen taken—he beloved they had done wrong; andhe could not leave them, without expressing thatpainful conviction. Mr. Smith O'Brien—Before the meeting separates,I wish to say one word. I am sure there isnot one single person who has attended the proceedingsof this night, who does not entertaintowards Mr. Haughton all the personal respectwhich his most estimable character deserves.—(Hear, hear.) These is, also, I hope, no one personhere, who would not be most anxious that Mr.Haughton, on all occasions, should have an opportunityof expressing fully and fairly whatever opinionhe entertains, however different that may be tothe sentiments of others. (Hear.) I think Mr.Haughton has mistaken the feelings of the meetingaltogether; he (Mr. Haughton) wished to expressone opinion, and the meeting wished to expressanother. (Hear.) Mr. Haughton—It is the fact of my having excitedyour displeasure—(loud cries of no, no)- whenspeaking on behalf of the American slaves, thatpains me. Honor and gratitude to James Haughton, for hisvigilance in behalf of the cause of negro emancipation,and for his concern for the integrity of the Irishheart, under the pressure of a strong temptation towink at the prevalence of slavery in America. 
