 The Hon. Daniel Webster arrived in this city,yesterday morning, by the Wilmington bout, andtook lodgings at the Charleston Hotel. At 12 o'clock,clock, M., he was wanted on, there, by the Committeeof Reception, consisting of the followinggentlemen, viz: Hon. F.H. Elmore, Hon. D. E.Hager, James L. Pengro, Hon. William Aiken, H.A. Desanssure, Henry Gourden, J.B. Campbell,Hon. Fran. K. Huger, B.F. Hunt, J.B. Legure, R. YeadonHon. John S. Asbe, I.W. Hayne, Dr. John B.Irving, Alexander Black. The Committee led Mr. Webster into the spaciouspiazza or balcony of the Hotel, which wasthronged with ladies and citizens, gathered, (aswas also a large crowd of citizens in the streetfronting the Hotel,) to give the distinguished guesta hearty welcome to the hospitalities of CharlestonMr. Webster took his position in the centerof the balcony, immediately fronting the street,and was there addressed as follows, by Hon.Franklin H. Elmore, chairman of the CommitteeReception: Sir: As Representatives of our fellow-citizens ofCharleston, we wait upon you to tender their we-come and good wishes. Having heard that it wasyour intention to pass through their city, in a tourthrough the Southern States, undertaken to procure,by personal observation, a better knowledgeof their people, pursuits and interests, the citizensof Charleston, laying aside all differences of politicalopinion, in a common desire to further yourwishes and to render your visit agreeable, aand unanimously declared to us the pleasingduty of expressing to you the great satisfaction theyexperience in thus meeting you in their homes.—Although they well know there are essential differencesof opinion between a great majority ofthem and yourself and the great commonwealth ofwhich you are the trusted and distinguished Representativein the councils of the nation, yet, onthis occasion, they remember with far more pleasurethat whilst at the bend of the State Departmentyou watched with fidelity over other sectionsof the Union, the South was not neglected,but her interests and her rights found in you anable and impartial vindicator; that you made,amongst other public services, great and successfulefforts to preserve our relations in peace andharmony with the most free and powerful nationof the world; and that, while your served thegeneral cause of humanity and civilization in sodoing, you at the same time sustained the honorand promoted the best interests of our commoncountry. They remember too, that Massachusettsalso is one of the Old Thirteen, that she was theleader in the struggles of the Revolution, and that,amid its common trials and dangers, she with ourown State, won our common heritage of freedomand a common stock of glory. They feel, also,that, in these grateful reminiscences, we should bebound up in a common love for each other, and inan unalterable determination to honor, maintainand respect the rights, welfare and feelings of each.They hope to see these tendencies cherished andthese ties strengthened. Events, like this nowinspiring with us, conduce happily to such results.The influence of public men is a powerfulagency, and it is very much to be regretted, thatAmerican Statesmen, whose enlarged and liberalminds make their opinions authority, and bestqualify them to understand their character and todo them justice in their own, so few travel intoother sections, and make themselves personallyacquainted with, and known to their distant countrymen.In such intercourse, and in their interchangeof courtesies and opinions, prejudices, disappear,misjudgments are corrected, and a just appreciationof each other created, leading to cordialityin feeling, harmony in public measures, andemmently conducing to their common prosperityamd welfare.  Entertaining views, our constituents heardof the intention and objects of you visit to theSouth, with unmixed satisfaction. They are happy in the opportunity of expressingsentiments to you, Sir especially. Theywelcome you with the frankness and cordialitydue to your high station, to your representativecharacter, and to your eminent abilities. Andthey will not, on this occasion, withhold the expressionof hopes which they warmly cherish, thatMassachusetts will see, in all she does, that, whileSouth Carolina may not forbear the maintenanceof her own rights with decision, she still entertainsfor your State all the kindness and affectiondue to a sister, illustrations for her great virtues, hergreat men, and her great achievements. For yourselfas her representative, again, Sir, we bidyou a cordial welcome to South Carolina and toCharleston. Mr. Wehster, in a clear, commanding and fulltonedvoice, has noble and massive form, and hispleasing manner, giving mingled dignity and graceto his appearance, responded, with eloquence andfeeling, as follows: Gentlemen—It would be an act of as great violenceto my own feelings, as of injustice and ingratitudeto the hospitality of the citizens ofCharleston, if I should fail to express my cordialthanks for the welcome you give me in their behalfto reciprocate, to you and to them, mysincere respects and good wishes. You are quite right, gentlemen, in supposingthat my purpose, in undertaking the tour whichhas brought me into the midst of you, is to seethe country and the people of the country, and toobtain a better and fuller knowledge of both.—Hitherto, I have not been a visitor so far South;and I was unwilling, quite unwilling, to be longera stranger, personally, in the Southern States.—The citizens of Charleston do me an honor, whichI most deeply feel, when they say, through you, thatthey have satisfaction in meeting me at their ownhomes, and wish to render my visit agreeable.—When one is made welcome to the homes ofCharleston, I am quite aware that the warmth ofhospitality can go no further. an honor, whichI most deeply feel warmth ofhospitality can go no further. Undoubtedly, gentlemen, differences of opinionon many subjects exist between your fellow-citizensand myself, and between South Carolina andMassachusetts. But how poor must be that spirit,a spirit which I am sure prevails neither here norin Massachusetts which out of these differences,would extract cause of social alienation, or personaldisrespect! What would he that value of ourpolitical institutions, if men might not differ onpolitical questions, without sacrificing mutual esteem,or drowning the sense of common brotherhood:We have divers political sentiments, butwe have had one country; we may differ as to thebest manner of serving and honoring that country,at we agree that she is to be served by all to theutmost of their power, and honored by all with filialreverence and patriotic devotion. If we do notalways think alike, we all feel alike; we feel thatmuch of the individual happiness, as well as thenational renown, which belongs to us now, or maybelong to us hereafter, does, and will attach to us,as the undivided, and I hope always indivisible,members of the great American Republic. poor must be that spirit we all feel alike; I am happy gentlemen, if you think that whiledischarging the duties of Secretary of State, Ihad just regard to the protection of Southern interests.In my judgment those interests, importantin themselves were connected with grave questionof public law question touching the immunityof flags and the independence and equality ofnations upon he cause. To the magnitude ofthose questions, I could not be insensible. It istrue that they commanded my  attention;and if the result has been, greater freedom fromannoyance, more security for marine rights, and ageneral advance in the maintenance of peace, andthe friendly intercourse of nations, I am bound toascribe this result rather to the concurrence offortunate circumstances, and to the encouragementand support of others, than to any ability displayedby my efforts. regard to the protection of Southern important  I concur with you cordially, gentlemen, in thesentiment, that mutual intercourse strengthens mutualregard; and that he more citizens of differentparts of the country see of one another, the morewill asperities, be softened, and differences reconciled.I may undertake to say, for Massachusetts,that she is ready, at all times, to meet and to returnthe respect and hospitality of South Carolina;and that she remembers the ancient ties of onionand fraternity; that she acknowledges a commoninterest and a common fate, in a common country;that there is no where else, a juster or a higher appreciationof the men, or the deeds, of this her sister State;no where the prevalence of more earnest wishesfor whatever may advance her prosperity anddistinction. she is ready, at all times, to meet and to returnthe respect and hospitality of South Carolina; there is no where else, a juster or a higher appreciationof the men, or the deeds, of this her sister State; Gentlemen, I come among yon with my family,as travellers, but not feeling that we are entirelystrangers. I wish to attract no ostentatious notice,but desire only to be regarded as a fellow-country-manand fellow-citizen, and see the country andthe people without formality or restraint. Thanking you, and the citizens of Charleston,again, for the cordial welcome extended to me, itremains, that I offer you, gentlemen, personally, myhigh regard; and to this concourse of your fellowcitizens which now surrounds us. and whose assemblingtogether, on this occasion, I regard as sorespectful, and so imperatively demanding mygrateful acknowledgments, I must tender my sincererespects. Citizens of Charleston! I am happy,to regard you at countrymen!—we were born to thesame inheritance, won by the same patriotism, andthe same valor. Now England blood has moistenedthe soil where we now stand, shed as readily as atLexington, or Concord, or Bunker Hill. May itprove a durable cement of the Union of our respectiveStates! And may generations, now far off,find themselves when they arrive, as we now findourselves, a free, respectable united and prosperouscommunity! I pray you, gentlemen, accept my sinceregood wishes fur you all. I am happy,to regard you at countrymen! a free, respectable During the delivery of this fine address, and atits close, Mr. Welser was saluted by the loud andenthusiastic plaudits and cheers of the numerousand crucified spectators of the imposing scene. Heappeared in fine health and spirits, and in admirablehumor, ton, to enjoy the numerous festivitiesand hospitalities, public and private, that await hisacceptance and participation. A number of citizens,of both sexes, were presented to him, and tenderedhim their congratulations and respectfulhomage. The Court of Common Pleas and theCity Court of Charleston, being in session, the oneon motion of H. Buley, Esq., Attorney General, theother, on motion of C.R. Brewster, Esq., acting AttorneyGeneral, adjourned, to enable the Jurorsand other citizens in attendance, to witness the receptionof New England's favorite man; and theirHonors Judge O'Neal and Judge Rice were amongthose who tendered him a welcome among us.Several of the clarity were also presented to thegreat New Englander. 
