 The annual display of the small and curiousclique of Boston abstractionists, who rally under thebanner of Wm. Lloyd Garrison, took place at theTabernacle on Tuesday morning. There was, asusual, a largo audience gathered together, somaimported from the East with the Society, some outof sympathy with it, but more from curiosity towitness the spectacle of philanthropy run mad.The proceedings had rather more than the usualshare of extravagance, bitterness, and self-conceit,which have become characteristic of the Society.Mr. Garrison himself presided, and the first speechwas made, of course, by their veteran orator, WendellPhillips, who seems to be the only one of theclique whose enthusiasm holds out strong enoughfor the trouble of a visit and a speech. Mr. Phillipsis an engaging speaker, with all his peculiarities,possessing some of the finest qualities of theorator, united with the strangest inconsistencies;plausible yet severe, candid yet violent and unfair,eloquent and truthful at times, sod at others unreasonablein his views, sweeping and unjust inhis censures. Hat fine and tasteful rhetoric, hisfrequent and often thrilling allusions to the heroicperiods and characters of our national annals, hisfamiliarity with the constitutional and legal historyof the country, and his honest enthusiasm andmanly principle, for which he has endured and iswilling to endure everything, never fail to worktheir effect upon an audience, and would be allpowerful,were they not neutralized by his flagrantsolecisms against common sense and first principles.The burden of the speech was, as usual, theinherent rottenness of the constitution, the utterdepravation of the church and ministry. Perhapsunity and originality are hardly to be expected ofa man of one idea; but the constant ringing ofchanges upon a single note becomes tedious, howeverexcellent at first. small and curiousclique abstractionists philanthropy run mad. extravagance, bitterness, and self-conceit Mr. Garrison, in introducing Frederick Douglass,understood to be the lion of the occasion, wentinto an extended account of his reception in England,which was highly nattering end just to Mr.D. sod honorable to the British people. Mr. Garrison'seulogies of Mr. Douglass had so much fulsomeness,and gross and unscrupulous 'soft solder,'as to excite disgust, and almost deprive its objectof the power of speech. He evidently feltashamed, as every one did for him, of the flatteriesit pleased Mr. Garrison's taste and manners toinflict upon him. When fairly under way, however,Mr. Douglass gave the audience to understandthe reasons of his popularity in England as an orator.His speech elicited frequent expressions ofapplause, and contained many vary happy hits. Itwould have been creditable from any one; andfrom one who was but a few years since a slave, wastruly extrordinary. He consented towards the closeto make a descent into personalities and abase,which is, perhaps, more to be charged to the breedingof his advisers then to his own feelings, butwhich was exceedingly nut of taste, as well asunfair. But the audience were willing to over-lookit, for the sympathy which an abused and oppressedman like him unavoidably excited; andthe long speech was listened to throughout withrespect and attention. It is a pity that Mr. Douglass'sfine powers could not be devoted to pleadingthe cause of the slave, without bring distracted forthe private ends and selfish purposes of a few menwho have influence over him—N.Y. Evangelist. N.Y. Evangelist. 
