 The review which has now been attempted, andwhich is fully sustained by unquestioned authorities,conducts us to the important question as to thecharacter of the war in which the country is nowengaged. It has found partisans, who have adducedvarious reasons and apologies for it. Theseall assume acts of wrong on the part of Mexico,justifying the appeal to arms. These may be resolvedinto three different heads:— Alleged Invasion of the United States by Mexico. Alleged Invasion of the United States by Mexico. The first alleges that Mexico passed the boundaryof the United States, invaded our territory,and shed American blood on American soil. Thisis completely refused by facts already addneed,showing that the collision took place upon territoryin dispute between the two governments,and in the actual possession of Mexico. It was thearmy of the United States that played the part ofinvaders. and in the actual possession of Mexico. Dabls of Mexico. The second apology pleads the failure of Mexicoto pay certain claims of our citizens founded onalleged-outrages during a long succession of years.But these claims, many of which were of a mostequivocal character, were liquidated by treaty in1839, by which Mexico undertook to satisfy them,when allowed by commissioners appointed by thetwo governments. The commissioners, after aprotracted inquiry, allowed claims amounting tothe sum of $2,026,139 68. This amount became adebt from Mexico to the United States. The earlyoutrages which have been adduced were all absorbedand satisfied in this sum total. A debtorand creditor account took their place. It was theunquestioned duty of Mexico to pay this sum; andit is much to her credit that, though vexed by civilwar, disordered finances, and the aggressive conductof our country, she has never followed theexample set by some of our own States, in repudiatingit. Nor did our own government regardher failure to pay a s ground of war, until afterthe collision on the Rio Grande. It is evidentthat this apology in an after-thought, which is abhorrentto the spirit of mo-leru civilization. It isnot in any degree calculated to relieve this war ofthe odium with which it is justly regarded. second Refusal to receive Mr. Slidell. The third and only remaining apology is foundin the refusal to receive Mr. Slidell We may wellshrink from any detailed inquiry into the circumstancesof this act. Is it apt unworthy a magnanimousand Christian republic to plead a failure ina matter of international etiquette, as an excusefor an extensive and bloody war? Such an apologymight, in former ages, have found favor withan irritable prince, in whom the punctilio of honorwas the substitute for Christian duty; bat it shouldhe disowned by a people who profess to regardsubstance rather than form, and who recognize thegolden rule of doing unto others as they would hedone unto. But these facts show that, while Mexicorefused to receive Mr. Slidell who wan sentas 'Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary,'who expressed a willingness to receive acommissioner specially appointed to treat of thematters which had interrupted the diplomatic relationsof the two countries, particularly of the'open question' of boundary. It seems that, onthe 16th of December, 1812, Mr. Pena y Pena, theMexican minister of foreign affairs, answered Mr.Slidell's note, declaring that the delay in his receptionhad arisen from difficulties occasioned by thenature of his credentials, as concerned with theproposition made by the United States, to treatpeacefully upon the affairs of Texas. On the20th December, 1845, Mr. Slidell's mission was annulledby an official note from Mr. Pena y Pena,requiring the production of special power AD MOC.for the settlement of the Texas question expressed andexclusively, before he could be recognized as ministerplenipotentiary; as otherwise the house, dignityand interests of the Mexican republic would heput into jeopardy. It is doubtful if Mexico, inpursuing this course, departed from the usages ofnations. Great Britain once sent to the UnitedStates a minister specially authorized to treat ofthe affair of the Chesapeake. it did not, however,suit the policy of our government to enter into anynegotiation with him, unless his instructions extendedto other matters. The ministry they declaredhis mission terminated; hut no offence wastaken, on either side; nor when at a later dev. Warensued between Great Britain and the UnitedStates, was the question of etiquette thrown byeither party into the bloody scales. third substance form for the settlement of the Texas question expressed andexclusively, before he could be recognized as ministerplenipotentiary; The Western Boundary of Texas. Texas was annexed; and the question arises,what was the territory which had thus been turnfrom Mexico, and incorporated into our republic?What were its metes and bounds? Look first atthe resolutions of annexation. By these, it is providedas follows: 'First, Congress doth consentthat the territory properly included within, and rightfullybelonging to, the republic of Texas, may beerected into a new State, to be called the State ofTexas, with a republican from government.'And again, * The said State to be formed subject tothe adjustment by the government of all questions ofboundary that they arise with other governments.These terms were seceded to by Texas. The introductionto her constitution, which has been approvedby our Congress, expressly declares, that itis formed 'in accordance with the joint resolutionsannexing Texas to the United States.' The constitutionsets forth no boundary, while it followsthe resolutions of annexation in excluding territorynot properly included within, and rightfully belongingto the republic of Texas. properly rightfully * subject properly rightfully The absence of any express designation of theterritory, by motes and bounds, as occurs in thetreaty of 1783, acknowledging the independenceof the United States, is a sufficient proof that theywere still undetermined, while the language ofthe resolutions recognizes 'questions of boundary,'which notoriously related to the western frontier,or the line between Texas and Mexico. The question recurs, what territory was properlyincluded within, and rightfully belonged to Texas?There are some persons, who, adverting to theearly history of this territory, assert that it wasonce a part of Louisiana, and that, as such, itswestern boundary was the Rio Grande. This positionhas, however, been assailed by an over-whelmingarray of authorities and illustrations,which leave it little more than a hollow assertion.But, whatever may be the conclusions with regardto it, it will not be questioned that Texas, first as aSpanish province, and afterwards as one of theStates of the Mexican confederacy, wan boundedby the river Nueceu, (Walnut river.) This is animportant geographical and historical fact, in itselfalmost conclusive upon the question, in the absencepence of countervailing proofs. Prominent leadersof the now dominant party of our country havesolemnly declared that the boundary was not furtherwent than the great desert between the Nueceuand the Rio Grande. Mr. Banton, a senator of theUnited States, in his speech of May 16, 1844, denouncedthe attempt to claim the Rio Grande,sometimes called the Rio del Norte and the RioBravo, as the boundary, which is one hundred andfifty miles farther west. He embodied his opinionsin the following resolution: 'Resolved, That the incorporation of the leftbank of the Rio del Norto into the American Union,by virtue of a treaty with Texas, comprehending, asthe said incorporation would do, a part of the Mexicandepartments of New Mexico, Chihuahua, Conbuile,and T, would be an set if direct aggressionon Mexico, for all the consequence of whichthe United States would stand responsible.'  would be an set if direct aggressionon Mexico In the House of Representatives, the chairmanof the committee of foreign affairs, (Mr. C.J. Ingersoll,)on the 3d of February, 1845, made his remarkabledeclaration to the same effect He said: 'Stupendous deserts between the Nueces and theBravo rivers, are the natural boundaries between theAnglo-Saxon and the Mauritanian races. Thereends the valley of the west. There Mexico begins.Thence, beyond the Bravo, begin the Moorish people,and their Indian associates, to whom Mexicoproperly belongs; who should not cross that vestdesert if they could, as we, on our side, too, oughtto stop there, because interminable conflicts mustensue our going south, or their coming north, of thatgigantic boundary. While peace it cherished thatboundary will be sacred. Not till the spirit of conquestrages, will the people on either side molest ormix with each other; and whenever they do, use orthe other race must be conquered, If not extinguished. While peace it cherished thatboundary will be sacred. Not till the spirit of conquestrages These authorities would seem to be conclusiveBut other considerations add weight to them.Texas was a child of revolution. Her title toterritory cannot depend upon formal designationof boundaries in maps and books, although theseare against her present claim, hut upon the sward.Her right was co-extensive with her might. Justso far as she had been able to held possession, andno further, would her title reach. This conclusionsflows from admitted principles of public law. Itwas recognized by Mr. Donaldson, our chargethere, who, by his letter to Mr. Buchanan, of July11th, 1815, after stating the claim of Texas to theRio Grande as 'an open question,' says that 'weshould only regard as within the limits of our protection,that portion of territory actually possessedby Texts, and which she did not consider subjectto negoliation.' within the limits of our protection actually subjectto negoliation.' It is clear, from the correspondence laid beforeCongress by the President, that Texas had neveracquired possession to the Rio Grande, nor, withexception of a few small poets, beyond the Nueces.The inhabitants west of the valley of theNueces spoke the language of Mexico; they obeyedher laws, and were governed by her officers andmagistrates. Our traders and merchants therepaid duties at Mexican custom-houses. Everywhere were the signs of Mexican sovereignty; nowhere of the sovereignty of Texas. Mr. Donaldson,by a letter of June 28th, 1845, to GeneralTaylor, says: 'Corpus Christ is said to be ashealthy a place as Pensacola; a convenient placefor supplies,  the most western point occupied byTexas.'  the most western point occupied byTexas.'  Whatever, then, may have been the claim ofTexas, she had never practically extended her,power beyond the valley of the Nueces. The vastterritory, embracing a large part of the Mexicanprovinces of Tamaupilas, Conhuile, and New Mexico,and comprehended between the Nueces andthe long north-western sweep of the Rio Grande,was not in the possession of Texas, or of the UnitedStates. And the very resolutions of annexation,and other official documents, recognized thewestern boundary as an open question, which wasto be determined by future negotiation. Peace still continues between Mexico and the UnitedStates. Peace still continues between Mexico and the UnitedStates. The set of annexation, pregnant with war, didnot at once bring forth its hateful offspring. Mexicowas inactive. Peace still hovered over the bordersof the two countries, not yet drives away bythe rude appeal of arms. Mr. Pena y Pena, the Mexican minister of foreignaffairs, wrote to Mr. Black, our consul, on the31st of October, 1845, thus: 'The government ofMexico has given its orders for the purpose of Suspendingfor the present, any act of hostility againstthe United States, and limits itself to the defensive,awaiting the issued of the negotiation prepared bythe government of the United States, through theconsul,' &c. This is an authentic expression ofthe intentions of Mexico. But we have other evidence.Mr. Marks, formerly United States consulat Matanioras, in a letter to General Taylor, datedat China, in Mexico, September 28, 1845 and enclosedto the Secretary of State, on the 28th Octoberfollowing, says: 'I have the honor to informyou that I have had several conferences at Montereywith General Mariano Aristo, commander inchief of the Mexican forces on the frontier of theRio Grande, in relation to the differences at presentexisting between the United States and Mexico,and are planned to state to you, that, from the opinionsand views he made known to me, the cabinetof Mexico is disposed to enter into an amicablearrangement with the United States is relation tothe boundary, and all other momentous questions. Suspendingfor the present, any act of hostility againstthe United States, and limits itself to the defensive 'General Arleta pledged his honor to me, that nolarge body of Mexican troops should cross the leftbank of the Rio Grande; that only shall parties,not to exceed two hundred men, should be permittedto go as far as the Arraye Colorado (twentyleagues from the Rio Grande) and that they wouldbe strictly ordered only to present ladies reproductiveand illicit trade.' The conduct of Mexico it will appear, continuedto be in harmony with these declarations.  page-image="" General Taylor was stationed, with the Americanarmy, at Corpus Christi, three miles beyondthe river Nucess. By a letter to the war department,dated September 6, 1845. he says: 'I havethe honor to report that a confidential agent despatchedto Matamoras, has returned, and reportsthat no extraordinary preparations are going forwardthere; that the garrison does not seem tohave been increased, and that our consul is ofopinion there will no war.' By another letter,dated October 11th, he writes: 'Recent arrivalsfrom the Rio Grande bring no news of a differentaspect from what I reported in my last. The viewsexpressed in previous communications, relative tothe pacific disposition of the border people on bothsides of the river, are continually confirmed.' January7th, he writes: 'A recent scout of volunteersfrom San Antonio struck the river near Presidio,Rio Grande, and the commander reports every thingquiet in that quarter.' there will no war.' every thingquiet in that quarter.' Movement of General Taylor from Corpus Christito the Rio Grande. This was the state of things, when, by an orderbearing date 13th January, 1846, during the sessionof Congress, and without any consultation withthat body, General Taylor was directed, by thePresident of the United States, to occupy the eastbank of the Rio Grande, being the extreme westernpart of the territory claimed by Texas, theboundary of which had been designated as an'open question,' to be determined by 'negotiation.'General Taylor broke up his quarters at CorpusChristi on the 11th March, and, proceeding acrossthis disputed territory, established his post, anderected a battery, directly opposite the Mexicancity of Matamoras, and, under his directions, themouth of the Rio Grande was blockaded, so as tocut off supplies from the Mexican army at Matamoras. War Ensues. These were acts of war, accomplished withoutbloodshed: but they were nevertheless acts of unquestionedhostility against Mexico. Blockade!and military occupation of a disputed territory!These were the arbiters of the 'open question ofboundary. These were the substitutes for 'negotiation.'It is not to be supposed that the Mexicanarmy should quietly endure these aggressive measures,and regard with indifference cannon pointedat their position. Recent confessions in the Senateshow that the fatal order of January 13th wasknown at the time to certain senators, who saw itshostile character, but felt unable to interfere to arrest it.They prognosticated the war. On the28th of April, a small body of American troops,under the command of Capt. Thornton, encounteredMexican troops at a place twenty miles northof General Taylor's camp. Here was the first collisionof arms. The report of this was hurried toWashington. Rumor, with hundred tongues, exaggeratedthe danger of the American army underGeneral Taylor, and produced an insensibility tothe aggressive character of his movement. Allconcurred in a desire to rescue him from the perilousposition which, with the unquestioning obedienceof a soldier, he had fearlessly occupied. Itwas under the influence of this feeling that the untowardact of May 13th was pressed through Congress,by which it was declared that 'war existsby the act of Mexico:' and an appropriation of tenmillion dollars was made, and authority given tothe President to employ the military and naval forcesof the United States, and to receive the servicesof 50,000 volunteers, in order to prosecute it toa successful conclusion. The passage of this setplaced the whole country in hostile array againstMexico, and impressed upon every citizen of theUnited States, the relation of enemy to every citizenof Mexico. This disastrous condition still continues.War is still waged, and our armies, afterrepeated victories achieved on Mexican soil, arestill pursuing the path of conquest. Here was the first collisionof arms. (To be continued.) (To be continued.) * see the able and learned speech of Mr. Severance,of Maine, which contains as elaborate examinationof the question of boundary. * see the able and learned speech of Mr. Severance,of Maine, which contains as elaborate examinationof the question of boundary. 
