 SPEECH OF ADJUTANT-GENERAL THOMAS AT LAKNPROVIDENCE, LOUISIANA. FELLOW-SOLDIERS:—Your Commanding Generalhas so fully stated the object of my mission, thatit is almost unnecessary for me to say anything toyon in reference to it. Still, as I come here withfull authority from the President of the UnitedStates to announce the policy which, after maturedeliberation, has been determined upon by the wisdomof the nation, it is my duty to make known toyour clearly and fully the features of that policy. Itis a source of extreme gratification to me to comebefore you this day, knowing as I do full well, howglorious have been your achievements on the fieldof battle. No soldier can come before soldiers oftried valor, having the deepest emotions ofhis soul stirred within him. These emotions I feelon the protest occasion, and I beg you will listen towhat I have to say as soldiers, receiving from a soldierthe commands of the President of the UnitedStates. ELLOW OLDIERS I came from Washington clothed with the fullestpower in this matter. With this power, I can actas if the President of the United States were himselfpresent. I am directed to refer nothing toWashington, but to act promptly—what I have todo to for it once—to strike down the unworthy andto elevate the deserving. I can truly speak briefly, and cannot enter into thedetails of the subject at present. It may be thatsome of you are better acquainted with this countrythan I am, but all my early military life was spentin the South. I know this whole region well. Iam a Southern men, and, if you will, born withSouthern prejudices; but I am free to say that thepolicy I am now to announce to you, I endorse withmy whole heart. You know full well—for you havehave over this country—that the rebels have sentinto the field all their available fighting men—everyman capable of boring arms, and you know theyhave kept at home all their slave for the raising ofsubduence for their armies in the field. To thisway they can bring to bear again us all thestrength if their so-called Confederate Saston, whilewe at the North can only send a portion of ourfighting force, being compelled to leave behind anotherportion to cultivate our fields and supply thewants of an immense army. The Administrationhas determined to take from the rebels this sourceof supply—to take their negroes, and compel themto send back a portion of their whites to cultivatetheir deserted plantations, and very poor personsthey would be to fill the place of the dark-hood inborer. They mast do this, or their armies willstarve. You know perfectly well that rebels had anopportunity offered them under the Proclamation ofthe President in September, to lay down their armsand come back into the Union. They failed to doit. Not but that the hearts of many men in theSouth were with us, and against the rebellion. Theleaders of the rebellion, Jeff. Davis and his satellites,would not permit it, therefore they are still in armsagainst us. Southern On the first day of January last, the President issuedhis proclamation, declaring that from that dayforward all the slaves in the States then in rebellionshould be free. You know that vast numbers ofthese slaves are within your borders, inside the linesof this army. They come into your camps, and youcannot but receive them. The authorities in Washingtonare very much pained to hear, and I fearwith truth in many cases, that some of these poorunfortunates have on different occasions been turnedaway from us, and their applications for admissionwithin our lines have been refused by our officersand soldiers. This is not the way to use freedmen.The question came p in Washington, "What isbest to be done with that unfortunate race?" Theyare coming upon us in such numbers that same provisionmust be made for them. Yon cannot sendthem North. You all know the prejudices of theNorthern people against receiving large numbers ofthe colored race. Some States have passed laws forbiddingthem to come within their borders. At thisday, in some States, persons who have brought themhave been arraigned before the Courts to answer forthe violation of State enactments. Look along the river, and see the multitude of desertedplantations upon its banks. These are theplaces for these freedmen, where they can be self-sustainingand self-supporting. All of you will someday be on picket duty, and I charge you all if anyof this unfortunate race come within your lines, thatyou do not turn them away, but receive them kindlyand cordially. They are to be encouraged tocome to us. They are to be received with openarms; they are to be fed and clothed; they are to bearmed. they are to be armed. This is the policy that has been fully determinedupon. I am here to say that I am authorized toraise as many regiments of blacks as I can. I amauthorized to give commissions, from the highest tothe lowest, and I desire those persons who are earnestin this work to take bold of it. I desire onlythose whose hearts are in it, and to them alone willI give commissions. I don't care who they are, orwhat their present rank may be. I do not hesitateto say, that all proper persons will receive commissions. While I am authorized thus in the name of theSecretary of War, I have the fullest authority todismiss from the army any man, be his rank what itmay, whom I find maltreating the freedmen. Thispart of my duty I will most assuredly perform if anycase comes before me. I would rather do that thangive commissions, because such men are unworthythe name of soldiers. I hope to hear that in this splendid division, as Iknow it to be, veterans, as Napoleon would callthem—for you are veterans—I hope to hear beforeI leave that I shall be able to raise at least a regimentfrom among you. I don't want to stop at one,nor at two. I must have two at least. It is possiblethat I can procure four. I would like to raise, onthis river, twenty regiments at least before I goback. I shall take all the women and children, andall the men unfit for our military organizations, andplace them on these plantations; then take theseregiments and put them in the rear. They willguard the rear effectively. Knowing the countrywell, and familiar with all the roads and swamps,they will be able to track out the accursed guerillas,and run them from the land. When I get regimentsraised, you may sweep out into the interior with impunity.Recollect, for every regiment of blacks Iraise, I raise a regiment of whites to face the foe inthe field. This, fellow-soldiers, is the determinedpolicy of the Administration. You all know, fullwell, when the President of the United States,though said to be slow in coming to a determination,when he once puts his foot down, it is there,and he is not going to take it up. He has put hisfoot down; I am here to assure you, that my officialinfluence shall be given that be shall not raise it. one two. Major-General B.M. Prentiss, after the cheeringhad subsided which greeted his appearance, endorsed,in a forcible and eloquent speech, the policy announcedby Adjutant-General Thomas, and said that,"from the time he was a prisoner, and a negro sentinel,with firm step, beat in front of his cell, andwith firmer voice commanded silence within, be prayedGod for the day of revenge, and be now thankedGod that it had come." Turning to Gen. Thomas,the speaker continued: "Yes! tell the Presidentfor me, I will receive-them into the lines—I will begthem to come in—I will make them come in! and ifany officer in my command, high or low, neglects toreceive them friendly and treat them kindly, I will putthem outside the lines. (Tremendous applause.)Soldiers, when you go to your quarters, if you hearany one condemning the policy announced here today,put him down as a contemptible copperheadtraitor. Call them what you please, copperheads,secesh, or traitors, they are all the same to me: enemiesof our country, against whom I have taken asolemn oath, and called God as my witness to whipthem wherever I find them." beat I will make them come in! neglects to receive them friendly and treat them kindly I will put them outside the lines. enemiesof our country Mr. Mitchell, a member of Congress from Indians,next spoke, indorsing what had been said, and concludedby paying his respects to the Copperheads,and declaring that he was going home to labor to fillup the decimated ranks of the regiments before them. Brigadier-General Alvin P. Hovey was then calledout. Though a life-long Democrat, he said hefully approved of the policy of the Administrationin using the negroes. Colonel C.R. Gill, of the 29th Wisconsin, wasbrought out by the shouts and cries for him. Hesaid be believed it was good for him to be here.He felt as good over it as a Methodist over did overa love feast. In regard to arming negroes, he felt as Aunt Hannahdid at the funeral of her husband: The coffinwas opened, and the friends took a departing look,after which the minister raised the lid of the coffinand asked, "Are you all satisfied?" whereuponaunt Hannah interposed as follows: "Elder Tinkham,I am perfectly satisfied." He then turned tothe assemblage, and inquired how many were satisfied,and was answered by a mighty YEA, swelledby thousands of voices. How many are there havewho am not satisfied? A profound silence was theonly reply; and turning to the General, the Colonelsaid: "The verdict is unanimous. When you goback, tell the President be is endorsed by the army,and that them is power in the army." perfectly satisfied. General Washburn, Colonel Dusey and CaptainCameron also spoke. The meeting broke up, givingthree cheers for the policy of the Administration.General Thomas arose, and said, this was the happiestday of his life, and he should be happy tomake known to the President the feeling prevailingamong the troops within the sound of his voice. The foregoing gives but a faint ides of the enthusiasm,patriotism, and outpouring of loyalty that tookplace on this occasion. 
