 Our legislators are scarcely entitled to carry withthem to their country hence the light hearts thatbefit Easter holidays. There an elements of exceedinggravity in the condition of the country.The last debate before adjournment ruled questionsof serious difficulty and measureless importance.For the first time than twenty years, the HomeSecretary has to assure the House of Commons thatthe peace of Lancashire is secured by the precautionstaken to repress disturbance. In the mostpopulous district of Great Britain, the contentmentor forbearance of the people is held to be an insufficientguarantee of good order. On the same night,the Government is asked, entreated, almost adjured,,to relieve the apprehension of war with the UnitedStates, in consequence of the equipment in our portsof vessels intended to make war upon Americancommence. The case of the Alabama in, in itself, asufficient cause of anxiety. We must not fetterourselves that we have heard the last of that archivedbarque. As the catalogue of her captures lengthens,the excitement of the American people againstthe Government by whose neglect she escaped tosea will naturally increase. If a demand for reparationis not made, it will be because the statesmenat the head of the Republic are guiltless of that dispositionto make political capital of a cry againstEngland, which Lord Palmerston thoughtlessly attributesto all parties in America. But if the demandshould be made, how will it be met? No impartialjudge can accept as a reply to such a claimthe special pleading of the Solicitor General. Noone acquainted with the fasts, not forth in the officialcorrespondence, can deny that they are utterlymis-stated by Lord Palmerston. Union a betterspirit then that of the noble lord should decide thecounsels of the Cabinet in deliberation upon theclaim we have supposed, the result might be in thelast degree deplorable. But we are loss apprehension about the past thanthe future. There are other vessels preparing forthe same desperate work as that of the Alabama."If those vessels get out, " writes in a priests letteran American whose friendship for England is onlysecond to his love of the Union, "nothing can preventour people making reprisals upon your commerce.That is my conviction. If you have readand properly appreciated the speeches and votes ofour Congress at its last session, and the independentposition in which it left the military, naval, and financialdepartments of the Government, you willshare it. Our Government is not strong enough tostand against the popular views as it would expressitself in such an emergency, nor would it try to if itcould, for the honor and dignity of the nation wouldbe involved. Your Government, in openly toleratingthe equipment of Confederate steamers, seemsto be defying us to recent it, and we are too muchlike the race from which we are descended to standsuch provocation long." These are the words of aman who deprecates, as much for his own countryas ours, that drifting into war, of which both havebad a sad experience. One either side of the Atlanticis there a statesman so wickedly insensible tothe horrors of an Anglo-American conflict as to deliberatelyaccept its awful responsibilities. Themost frivolous or the most depraved of mankindmust shrink appalled from acts that would incur sohuge a lead of guilt. To the people on either side,the calamity would be incalculable and unmitigated.There would be to them neither gain nor glory tocompensate in the slightest for the losses and sufferingthat would rapidly accumulate. To the Union,it would probably be destruction. To ourselves, itwould more certainly be a famines of grain as wellas of cotton. The Atlantic would be strewed withthe wrecks of our commerce. A hundred privateerswould infect the ocean, and prey upon the interblentnavies of the two greatest maritime nations, likewolves upon flocks of sheep. Every seat of manufactureor trade would be desolated by the suspensionof business. The cost of maintaining our unemployedoperative would be doubled by the risein the price of bread, and the funds from which theyare now fed would be diminished by war tones andpublic loans. Destitution would than, indeed, becomediscontent; and instead of abortion 'Staley-bridgeriots to compel the payment of relief in money,there would be a Lancashire insurrection againstthe powers and policy that had produced so vast acatastrophes. Trades-union orators would substitutefor argumentations speeches in favor of American institutionsfierce invective against the classes whohad, they would say, for the second time withinthree-quarters of a country, gone to war out of hatredto democracy. Confederate prophesies of Englishconvulsion would at length be fulfilled, andtheir authors would rejoice at having out at eachother's threat the only two nations in the worldwhose love of freedom obstructed the establishmentof the great Slaves Republic. The prospect is as terrible that it may seem impossibleof realization. What conceivable changes isthere, it may be asked, of things arriving at so dreadfulan entromity? Has not Lead Palmanston declaredthat the Government will promply act soonany legal evidence that may be furnished of theequipment of more Alabamas? Is it not the universalinterest of Englishmen, as of Americans, torefrain from stimulating the constituent already occasioned?To this last question we answer first.Peace is unfortunately not quite the universal interest.There is in both counties, an exceptionalclass—and that a powerful one. When windowsare broken in a riot, glaziers are so greatly in requestthat they might be suspected of having instigated the tumult.But there are men who get paidfor breaking the laws designed to preserve the peaceof nations. In two of our great towns, Liverpooland Glasgow, the building of Confederate war shipsis the most lucrative employment in which capitalcan be engaged. It is well understood that the loanof three millions is chiefly intended for expenditureamong these gentlemen. No doubt Federal moneyhas been spent in Sheffield and Birmingham onswords, bayonets, rifles,' and percussion caps. Bothparties have been free to buy in our markets munitionsof war, and neither complained of the otherwhile both violated, in common with the vendors, the Queen's proclamation of neutrality. And if theConfederate had been content to smuggle into theirharbors, not only cargoes but ships, no serious grievancewould have arisen. But there is a wide differenceonce in the effect upon the peace of nations betweenthe tale of worthies stores and the equipment of privateers.The European powers had reassured forthemselves this barbaric mode of warfare, had puttheir brand upon it, as unworthy of civilized nations.The United States had virtually acquiesced in thatagreement. To this day, President Lincoln refusesto issue letters of masque. But gentlemen, like Mr.Laird, have no scruples of the kind. They see nodifference between selling to a soldier citizen a rifleor sword, and equipping a sea-robber for his piraticalcareer. The member for Birkenhead is not atall schemed of what he has done,—and the vociferouscheers that acquitted him of conduct unbecomingan English legislator will not give weight to thewords in which both the Solicitor-General and thePremier admonished Mr. Laird and his class againstpersistence in their lawless practices. They willnot be deterred from exchanging wood and iron forConfederate gold, except by measures of positive interventionand punishment. To each measures theGovernment must have recourse. It must be vigilantto detect, and vigorous in repression. And thecountry will do well to stimulate its rulers to watchfulnessand energy by unceasing protests against theacts that stain the honor of our laws, imperil ourpeace with America, and encourage men who arethe avowed enemies of a civilization founded uponfreedom.—London Star, March 31 st.  London Star, March 31 st. 
