 By Rev. PRESIDENT LORD, D.D. OF DARTMOUTH COLLEGE. RESIDENT ORD F ARTMOUTH OLLEGE. To The Editor of the Boston Courier: To The Editor of the Boston Courier: When an abolitionist justifies the now proclaimedpolicy of the Administration, he takes the groundthat slavery is the cause of the war, and that eitherthe government or slavery must be destroyed. Burthe government must not be destroyed: thereforeslavery must be abolished. His first fallacy consistsin a begging of the question, and his second in a deceptivesubstitution of terms—the government forits administration. His slavery denies the assumption that slaveryis the cause of the war any more than that law isthe cause of transgression, or the money of the way-landtraveler the cause of his robbery or murder.An antecedent is not necessarily and morally a cause.He affirms, on the contrary, that abolitionism is thethe causative antecedent of the war, and will be fatal tothe government if its distinctive policy be carriedon. But government must be sustained, and thereforeall good citizens must think, and speak, andvote, in the exercise of their constitutional freedom,so as to secure, it that be possible, a better administrationof it. There is a very considerable issue. As thing noware, it is of great consequence that the people towhom the government belongs should look well intothe dispute. Otherwise, they may lose their inheritancewithout knowing it, and reparation may beimpossible. A government, like a house, is moreeasily demolished than rebuilt. Some of us, Mr. Editor, who hold no office, andpublish no paper, and have no intention of doingeither, have, so far, a fair claim to be heard in respectto the controversy which is now going on.Besides, we have somewhat carefully studied theabolitionists, whose doctrine the present recognizedagents of the people are about to carry out in theiradministration of affairs. We can speak advising. Our method is historical, which is best adapted tothe occasion. Man may speculate about slavery andits relations indefinitely, and be no wiser. The doctrineof that fashion every where disagree as to its origin,its nature, its design, its genius and spirit, itspolitics ethics and theology, its science and literatureand manners. Since this war began, we haveread many ingenious discussions of the subject fromlearned jurists, statesman, divines, but only to perceivehow they have multiplied confusions. Thewriters have looked out from their respective differentstandpoints, and reasoned in evident subserviencyto their different idols more numerous thanBoston has described, till they have bewildered themselvesand—which is worse—the innocent but unconsciouspublic. An epidemic mental disease isconsequently settled upon us. We wait for someraised and concentrated solvent to digest alltheir respective varieties of wisdom before a panaceathan be found. Then, however, the poor, afflictedpatient may be beyond recovery. Doubtless the only sufficient solvent of all our intellectualcrudities is revelation. But we fear thepatient is too far gone already, to bear a spirit raisedso much above the natural. We must content ourselveswith what is next best—history. That givesyou the wisdom of God in his moral providence, andwe know that may be of great consequence in defaultof more spiritual enlightenment. We find that, before the era of abolition, thiswhole country enjoyed remarkable union, peace, andprosperity for half a century. Its general officerswere chosen with reference to no sectional peculiaritiesbut as representatives of parties indiscriminatelyexpressed over all the States. No considerablenational dispute arose in the Congress, but such as out of natural diversities of physical condition.Tariffs internal improvements, bounties, and thelike, suggested and exhausted controversy. The produced was hardly more than enough to proa healthy intellectual activity, and check thebad tendencies of appropriating majorities. So farthere was but little difference between Northern andSouthern politicians, in the spirit with which theycontended, or the expedients which they adopted.It would have been difficult, and of little consequencea moral point of view, to strike a balancebetween them. Neither the logic of statesmen, northe craft of politicians, could have awakened dangerouspersonal or sectional animosities, or disturbedconstitutional relations, so long as they oversteppednot the limits of expediency, and affected no moralcontrol of the public mind. Calhoun and Websterat the head, or such men as Brooks and Sumner atthe tail, could never have contended greatly to thepublic detriment, till the Congress let in subjects ofdiscussion that concerned more immediately themoral government of God. That was our originalmistake, which some of the fathers had foreseen with and warnings—the common mistake of all countriesas virtue declines—of essaying, wittingly orunwittingly, to bring together what God requires usto keep asunder—the Church and the State. Tillwe made that blunder, the country was united, prosand happy. There had been no such instancein his history of the world.      If there were, before that time, any dangerousplotters against the Government, North or South, wehad no evidence of it in history. That there mayhave been men, on both sides, ready to take advantagesoccasions to exalt themselves on the ruins ofthe Republic, it is not improbable, for Americans arenot exceptions to the common law of selfishness andambition. But such men could have made no figure.The Union the Constitution and the Laws were satisfiedand the country would have rejected any conspiracyagainst them as a healthy stomach rejectspoison. Such madness could have reached no higherthan to a whiskey insurrection. We were safeand honorable till the moral balance was deranged,and the Church and State fell out of their true relationsto each other and to moral government. We were tempted, almost unconsciously, into that by introducing a moral element—slavery—into the reckoning of politics, and thereby broughtChurch and State together down to that lower level.From that time our glory has departed. Our ChristianityHas become secular, and our secular glory hasbeen dimmed in having lost the reflection of a morespiritual light. We have substituted speculation forfaith, and our speculative discussions have been degradedinto angry wranglings. We have made Godand man to exchange places. His institutes and hisconstitutions we have interpreted by the "higherlaw" of our own conceits. We have converted thesovereign law giver into a politician. We have discussedby our own standards, and determined byvote, how it is best for him to carry on his governmentof the world. We have inquired not what he willed, and said, and done, but what it is expe for him to will, and say, and do, according to a party, or a school. We have popularizedour creeds measured principles by their utilities,men by their clothes, and God himself by his supposedsubserviency to our ideas.      Let us observe the process:—The South is slaveholding.It is so constitutionally and legally. Slaveryenters into the structure of its society; not athing of accident, possibly not everywhere of preference,but an inheritance according to the commonlaw of earth,—a providential order,—without which,in view of necessarily, that is, of naturally andstatedly existing diversities of race, culture, andcondition, the social state could not have been constitutedat all, and "life, liberty, and happiness"would have been insecure to a civilized and Christianpeople who had just bought them at so great aprice. Slavery was not, indeed, the corner-stone,but the practical condition of the Union, the Constitution,and the Laws. Whatever disadvantageswere admitted to attend it, like all other institutionsadministered by men, it was held to be legitimate.It had existed in the usages of nations, for the endsof social conservatism and of moral government,since Cain was stigmatized and made a fugitive andvagabond on the earth, and Ham was consigned, inone line of his descendants, to the rule of Shem andJapheth. It was common law. It was incorporatedinto the civil institutes of Moses. It was recognizedaccordingly by Christ and his Apostles. They regulatedit by the just and benevolent precepts of theNew Testament. They condemned all intermeddlerswith it,—stub as they predicted of the lastdays of the Christian dispensation,—as "Proud,knowing nothing, but doting about questions andstrifes of words, whereof cometh envy, strife, railings,evil surmisings, perverse disputings of men of corruptminds and destitute of the truth, " from whomall Christians, and especially the pastors of the flocks,should turn away. The fathers were not remarkablyconsiderate of these things, but they were notignorant of them. They accordingly held slaveryto he exceptionable only in its abuses, and that, notwithstandingabuses, it should be left to the regulationof the States whose climate, soil, or other physicalhabitudes or conditions should lead them to retainit. It actually obtained, at the adoption of theConstitution, in all but a single State which hadearly favored the introduction of the new philosophy,and whose experience had found it to be unprofitable.Wherever it was subsequently abolished, its wantof physical adaptation and its consequent inconveniences,not its essential wrongfulness, were mainlythe reasons of its abolition. Against that, in anearlier period, Jonathan Edwards had protested, invindication of moral government; and, to assert hisChristian liberty, had bought a slave. Thoughtfulmen were not troubled by the thing itself, but onlyby its accidents. The philosophy of sentiment andromance had not then extensively infected the descendantsof the Puritans. If excitable individualsamong them had begun to feel the aura of the dawningilluminism and cosmopolitism of that period, andconsequently condemned slavery by that criterion,even they were not regardless of their plighted faith.They saw no justifiable remedy for the supposed evilbut in such amendments of the Constitution as areprovided for in that instrument itself, or in friendlyconstitutional legislation, or the insensible influenceof providential and moral causes, that could not bereckoned or compelled beforehand. So it stood,—an integral part of the best social edifice that hadever been reared by man, and contributing, in itsown constituted order, to an unexampled prosperity.So it stood,—an occasion, indeed, of many wrongsand sufferings such as are incident to earth, but alsoof invaluable and otherwise impossible benefits to adegraded people, thereby brought nearer to theusages of civilized life, and, in as great proportion asour own citizens, into fellowship with the church ofGod. aura So it stood, till a generation arose that comprehendednone of these living realities, that honorednot the God of the fathers, and for his everlastingword of natural and revealed religion substituted a"higher law." Among them were born the abolitionists,who are now, officially, supreme over theland. They were, at first, a small class of speculativeenthusiasts, intoxicated by the airy pantheismof France and Germany, which had covertly breathedits spirit into the "glittering generalities" of theDeclaration of Independence, and, by that instrument,insensibly, infected the public mind. Theywere men of no mark or figure, inflated visionaries,mistaking their own fancies for another Gospel, whichis not another, destitute of all practical concern forChurch or State, and affecting only supposable orpossible, undefined and indefinable, interests of humanityin general. But they were ambitious, insinuating,resolved, and reckless. Intent upon animaginary universal restitution, before God's appointedtime, by sweeping processes of what theycalled reform, without discrimination of time, place,age, sex, race, capacity or condition, and passionatelyheated as evils attending the ordained relations of sociallife, evils growing not out of the relations themselves,but the bad passions of our common nature—the very passions by which they were unconsciouslyinflamed—they affected to restore society by firstdestroying it, and, thenceforward, not by the renewalof individual minds according to Christianity, butby political reformations and reconstructions, accordingto their own speculative conceits. They aspiredto a millennium not of grace, but nature; not spiritualby the power of the Holy Ghost, but Platonic,according to the impulses and sentiments of the naturalmind. They pot feeling in the place of conscience.They substituted a man-God for the Godman;imaginary human rights for revealed humanduties; and the happiness of the creature for theglory of the Creator—a happiness consisting not ina spiritual likeness to God, as the Scripture has described,but in the multiplying of agreeable sensations,according to the baptized paganism of sophisticatedschoolmen. They referred their regularities ofsociety to restraints unnaturally laid by the family,the state, the church, for which they substituted amore refined free love, a self-determining will, and aliberty to enjoy whatever God and nature had putinto their hands. Such at least, was the spirit andgenius of the idolatry which at length embodied itselfin the abolitionism of the North, developingitself however, variously, according to the differenttemperaments, tastes, mental and moral habits, orthe associations and other accidental peculiarities ofthe individuals who fell into its snare. (To be concluded.) To be concluded. 
