 The following is a correct copy of the letter ofMr. Chase to the Loyal National League, in responseto their invitation to attend the Sumter meeting:— WASHINGTON, April 9, 1863. ASHINGTON Gentlemen—Imperative demands on my timecompel me to deny myself the gratification of attendingthe meeting to which you kindly invite me. You will meet to sent words of cheer to our bravegenerals and soldiers in the field; to rebuke treasonin our midst, giving, in the garb of peace, aid andcomfort to treason in the panoply of war; to maintaininviolate the integrity of the national territoryand the supremacy of the National Constitution andlaws; to strengthen the hands and nerve the heartof the President for the great work to which Godand the people have called him. For what worthierpurposes can American citizens now assemble? It is my fixed faith, gentlemen, that God does notmean that this American republic shall perish. Weare tried as by fire, but our country will live. Notwithstandingall the violence and all the machinationsof traitors and their sympathizers, on this orthe other side of the Atlantic, our country will live. And while our country lives, slavery, the chiefsource, and cause, and agent of our ills, will die.The friends of the Union in the South, before rebellion,predicted the destruction of slavery as a consequenceof secession, if that madness should prevail.Nothing, in my judgment, is more certain than thefulfillment of these predictions. Safe in the States,before rebellion, from all Federal interference, slaveryhas come out from its shelter, under State constitutionsand laws, to assail the national life. Itwill surely die, pierced by its own fangs and stings. What matter now how it dies? Whether as aconsequence or object of the war, what matter? Isthis a time to split hairs of logic? To me it seemsthat Providence indicated clearly enough how theend of slavery must come. It comes in rebel SlaveStates by military order, decree or proclamation;not to be disregarded or set aside in any event as anullity, but maintained and executed with perfectgood faith to all the enfranchised; and it will comein loyal Slave States by the unconstrained action ofthe people and their legislatures, aided freely andgenerously by their brethren of the Free States. Imay be mistaken in this, but if I am, another betterway will be revealed. Meantime it seems to me very necessary to saydistinctly what many yet shrink from saying. TheAmerican blacks must be called into this conflict,not as cattle, not now, even, as contrabands, but asseen. In the Free States, and, by the proclamationin the rebel States, they are free men. The Attorney-General,in an opinion which defies refutation.has pronounced these freemen citizens of the UnitedStates. Let, then, the example of Andrew Jackson,who did not hesitate to oppose colored regiments toBritish invasion, be now fearlessly followed. Letthese blacks, acclimated, familiar with the country,capable of great endurance, receive suitable militaryorganization, and do their part. We need theirgood will, and must make them our friends by showingourselves their friends. We must have them forguides, for scouts, for all military service in camp orfield for which they are qualified. Thus employed,from a burden they will become a support, and thehazards, privations, and labors of the white soldierswill be proportionably diminished. Some will object, of course. There are alwaysobjectors to everything practical. Let experiencedispel honest fears, and refute captious or disloyalcavil. Above all, gentlemen, let no doubt rest on ourresolution to sustain, with all our hearts and withall our means, the soldiers now in arms for the republic.Let their ranks be filled up; let their suppliesbe sufficient and regular; let their pay be sure.Let nothing be wanting to them which can insureactivity and efficiency. Let each brave officer andman realize that his country's love attends him, andthat his country's hopes hang upon him; and, inspiredby this thought, let him dare and do all thatis possible to be dared and done. So, gentlemen, with the blessing of God, will wemake a glorious future sure. I see it rising beforeme—how beautiful and grand! There is not timeto speak of it now; but from all quarters of the landcomes the voice of the sovereign people, rebukingfaction, denouncing treason, and proclaiming theindivisible unity of the republic; and in this Heaven—inspired union of the people, for the sake of theUnion, as the sure promise of that splendid hereafter. With great respect, yours very truly, S.P. CHASE. HASE. Hon. George Opdyke, George Griswold, Esq., andothers. Committee of the Loyal National League,New York." In a private letter accompanying the above, Mr.Chase uses the following words, the latter of whichmay be adopted as a motto by every Loyal NationalLeague in the land:— "What said the Roman orator when Catilinearmed against his country:—Let what each manthinks concerning the Republic be inscribed uponhis forehead." 
