 The advocates of slavery. North and South, laygreat stress on what they assert to be the teachingsof "ethnologists" a reference to the superiority ofone race of men over others, and the inferred rightof the former, as they mildly term it, to "control"or to "govern" the latter, meaning thereby tohold and keep them in slavery. It is a characteristicfeature of the present age, that any doctrinemust at least seem to have a scientific basis—thatis, that it must be based upon natural law. Thefirst slaveholders never thought of discussing anyquestion of right whatever in the matter, except theright of the strongest. They had the power, andthat was enough. By and by, however, slavery beganto need some further justification, and Theologylent her aid to its support. It was hold right tohold heathens as slaves for the purpose of convertingthem. But this doctrine would hardly apply to thenegro slave in America, whom moral condition wasso vastly improved by the condition in which he waskept. So the theologians had to go to searching theScriptures for further arguments, and they happenedto light on the story of Ham, in the Old Testament,and the alleged return of Oncaimus byPaul in the New, and on these they built up a beautifulstructure to justify negro slavery in the nineteenthcentury. But even this argument is becomingworn out. It is demonstrated that Ham andthe negro have no connection whatever, and anyone who reads the epistle to Timothy can see thatOnesimus was returned at a freedman and abrother, and not at all as a slave. Besides this,the growing moral sense of the people to revolts atslavery, that it was found that if the Bible was resortedto in its behalf, that venerable book would beapt to lose some what of the veneration and authoritywhich had hitherto possessed. Men were intelligentenough to see that the revealed word of Godcould not really support an institution repugnant tothe cultivated moral sense of mankind; and so theBiblical theory of slavery is pretty much abandoned,except by a few octogenarians like Dr. Lord andSouth-side Adams, and those, who determined tobelieve in slavery at any rate, will drag anythingand everything into its support. So, as we said above, the advocates of slavery arenow laboring to establish it upon a basis of naturallaw, an ordinance of the Creator, making some racessuperior to others, and dooming the inferior to theperpetual dominion of the superior. They havea great deal to say about prejudices of race" and"of color." They talk glibly about cranial developments.They tell us magisterially of the authoritativedecisions. Of "ethnologists, " as setting the entirequestion, and as little to be dissented from asof old was the alleged authority of the Scriptures. This argument forms the staple of the letters ofthe great lights of the New York Diffusion. Society,Professor Morse and George T. Curtis, who are doingall in their power to "diffuse" a spirit of acquiescencein slavery, and of conviction in its rightfulnessamong the people. They say "it is a physicalcondition which God has ordained, " and of coursedo not fail to seek to terrify weak minds by insistingon the "sinfulness" of opposing a divine law.They talk about ethnologists' decisions, though whothese ethnologists are, or what their authority is, orhow far this class of investigators are agreed amongthemselves, they do not condescend to inform us.But the conclusion they arrive as is, that two weeks,one superior and the other inferior, cannot dwell inthe same country without one "governing" theother; once the negro in America is rightfully holdas a slave and always must be. It is not our purpose now to attempt to combatthis argument. We would only one, that us to thequestion of news, "ethnologists" differ very muchamong themselves—and that it is a tremendous logicalleap to argue that slavery; as exercised in theSouthern States of America, in the hind of governmentwhich a superior was may legitimately exerciseover an inferior. A recent Richmond paper refutes all the staff effectually,though unintentionally, By carrying it to the point of absurdity. The Richmond other believesin the doctrine of races—but then the Southerneris the superior, and the Yankee is the inferior.Yes, even the light of the Diffusion Society, andDr. Lord and South side Adams and George Lunt,et id genus omnes, are of an inferior race to Letcher,and Cobb, and Floyd, and Davis, and Brooks, andnot fit to associate with them. Not only this, but"ethnologists" have decided that "the admixtureof the inferior with a superior race of the human species degrades the latter to the level of the former."Therefore, laws must be framed forbidding the immigrationof "Yankees and other foreigners," else"the next generation of Southerners will be thevilest mongrels." This seems rather cruel upon Curtis, Lord & Co.,but we don't see what they can do but submit. Itis the verdict of "ethnologists," a "physical law,"and it would be "sinful" perhaps over "infidel"to oppose it. Truly, great is the science of "ethnologists, "and righteous are her decision! We wonder somewhat that the Richmond editorexperience no apprehensions as to the results of thesuperior race of Southerners and the negro continuingto live intermingled. Can it be that he considersthe Yankee race inferior to the negro? Ifthis fact is satisfactorily and scientifically established,it is of course the right of the negro to "govern"Curtis, Lord & Co., and the duty of these estimablegentlemen, who have so profound a regard for"physical law, " to submit without a murmur.—New Bedford Republican Standard. New Bedford Republican Standard. 
