 The great meeting of working men which washold in St. James's Hall, last week, was full of significanceand importance, apart altogether from itsbearing on the American question. No man, whateverhis political opinions, who takes an interest inthe progress and character for of the working class,could have left that hall, after listening to the proceedings,without feelings of hope and pride. There was a political meeting composed of aboutthree thousand London working men, conductedby working men, addressed by working men, anddisplaying intelligence, ability, temper, and order,which would have reflected credit upon the mostcultivated assembly. It was never uncommon tofind working men fluent and energetic speakers.Mere physical power, personal earnestness, andperhaps even the absence of that knowledge ofa subject which suggests that there are two sidesto it, have supplied men of the poorer classes veryoften with fluency and energy of declamation.Thus, even when the working classes were least educated,the satirist made the ignorant village politiciana type of vulgar and vehement declamatorypower. Any one who went to the meeting in St.James's Hall, expecting to find something of thiskind predominant there, must indeed have been surprisedand gratified. There was an almost entireabsence of declamation; there were some of thespeeches which did not contain a single declamatorysentence; there did not present himself on the platformone single sponter or stamp orator. It wassurprising to and that, open a question which morethan almost any other invited appeals to passion andto human pity, the speakers almost invariably confinedthemselves to the argumentative portion of thequestion. There was little or no generalization;where was nothing vague; no talking for talking'ssake; no grandiloquent verbiage to hide barrennessof idea or imperfect information. The working menargued the questions arising out of the Americanwar as questions of constitutional and internationallaw. They were as familiar with the various pointsof debate involved in the succession question, and thehistory of the American Constitution, as an educatedman of the middle classes is expected to be withthe common political themes of discussion belongingto his own time and country. We all know what"cram" is; and he must be little accustomed topublic debate who does not at once detect, when hehears it, even the best kind of the article. There itplenty of it to he heard in the House of Commonsduring any great debate—on this very Americanquestion, for instance. You can hear many an honorablemember gabble fluently along with an arrayof facts, figures, and arguments, which betray themselvesas mere cram in every sentence. You caneasily anticipate what the speaker is going to saynext, and you have a perfect conviction that theinterjection of one single judicious question wouldthrow him out, or dumbfounder him altogether.There was nothing of this kind at the meeting in St.James's Hall. The men who spoke there thoroughlyunderstood what they were talking about. Theyhad digested the question fully. They knew allthat was to be said in favor of each disputed position,and all that had been said against it; and theycould, where opportunity offered, strengthen theformer by new illustrations, and pick fresh holes inthe weak places of the latter. Except that thespeakers did not quest Latin, and that their languagewas always temperate, and their demeanoralways orderly, there was nothing to distinguish thespeeches delivered, from such orations as the majorityof members deliver on the floor of the House ofCommons. Now, having said so much of well-deserved andunexaggerated praise regarding the intellectual andpolitical character of this demonstration, what reflectionmust we naturally embody next in words?The remark, which we desire to make in all calmness—that these are just the men whom the governingclasses have declared unworthy to cross eventhe threshold of politics. They are deemed unworthynot merely to take part in any politicalwork, but even to have a voice in choosing the personswho are to do the political work for them.Observe how these men understand the complicatedand difficult questions of American politics. Observehow they can consider and discuss them withreference to their hearing on the interests of thiscountry. Then recollect that these men, as a class,are pronounced incapable even of judging what sortof individuals ought to speak for them at home; andlot any candid and honest person say whether heis not ashamed and indignant, that a stupid andunnatural system of exclusiveness should havebeen allowed so long to insult a body of men whoshould be the pride, as they must be the strength,of any civilized country. It must not be forgotten,that the intimate acquaintance them men evincewith home and foreign political questions has beenacquired without and slightest personal interest, orhope of interest, in the matter. The working men,as a body, have not that inducement to study suchsubjects which even the recording of a vote once intwo or three years might give. They are allowedto leave as more direct share in the political affairsof the country than servant girls or children. Whatthey learn of politics and contemporary history,they learn out of a pure relish love love for the subject.They have advocated themselves simply forthe sales of acquiring education. Can say nationalperson deny that the systems which concludes suchmen from a votes in the administration of affairs isa disgrace to a country like ours, to be intelligenceand free? Can any one deny that, whilethey are thus excluded, the shame falls on those whorather them their rights and that the loss is that ofthe whole nation? The Trades Union have not,we believe, often taken any open part in poiliticalquestion. But we sincerely truest that they will takesuch a part for the future. The time is nearly passed,when any one could be found stupid enough toadvise working men to have nothing to do with politics.The time is certainly passed when workingmen would obey such advice. No matter how thelingering existence of class legislation may shut outsuch men from political affairs, it is their duty andtheir right to be in some ways or other earnest andactive politicians. That country alone is sure ofprogress and prosperity where every intelligent manis a politician. The working men of England mayfeel perfectly satisfied that the franchise is now their own whenever they choose to ask for it. He hasresistance of conclusive classes can withhold the sightof Englishmen longer than obey chosen it allow it tobe withheld. That governing classes, as they are called,might derive some valuable lessons from the St.James Hall meetings. They might learn from themanner in which the name of Lord Palamenston wasreceived there, that the working man of Englandknow how little they own to such a Minister. Theymight learn, too, that the working men who havethought for themselves, and educated themselvesare able to emancipate themselves of their ownpower, if political emancipation be not wisely concededin time.—London Star. London Star. 
