 THE MORAL AND SOCIAL ASPECT OF AFRICA. A lecture by a gentleman of color is a sort of a"rare bird on the earth, " and is very like a "blackswan." Rare at the thing may be, however, it isnet an impossibility, as Dr. Delaney, and a fewother men of bit blood and race, have occasionallyproved, although at wide intervals of time and space.We ought not, perhaps, to be surprised at any unusualmanifestation of talent in a negro. ToussaintL'Ouveture has redeemed the whole rare ofblacks by the magnificence of his talents and career.We do not mean to say that Dr. Delaney isa Toussaint L'Ouverture, but we do say that he is abetter specimen of his race than any we, for ourpart, have seen before, and that he is by no meansa bad lecturer. He was not ashamed, he said, to be called a negro.If curly hair and a black face helped to makea negro, then he was a negro, and a full-bloodedone at that. He had no need to be ashamed of histype or origin. He has a good head and intelligentface—just the kind of a head which a phrenologistwould tell you a man ought to have who makes naturalobservations and accumulates scientific facts. The dress which the Doctor wore on the platformwas a long dark-colored robe, with curious scrollsupon the neck as a collar. He said it was thewedding dress of a Chief, and that the embroiderywas insignia, and had a specific meaning well understoodin African high circles. He wore it becausehe thought it becoming, and fitting the occasion. He wanted to say what he knew of the negrorace, not on the coast of Africa, but of the interiorAfricans, of whom so little is known—the Africansof the Niger Valley. The audience would besurprised to hear that even the Liberians had neveruntil lately been ten miles beyond their territory;and so nothing could be expected from them. Hewas sorry to say, too, that American school-booksinculcated, notwithstanding recent discoveries, veryerroneous notions of the country, describing it assandy and barren, the soil unproductive, the airfull of pestilence, the vegetation poisonous, the veryanimals unusually ferocious. All this is more orless false, so far as the interior of Africa is concerned.He had travelled three thousand miles in thecountry, and had it in all its phases of socialand moral life. The language of a people is a goodsign of its civility; and the African language isderived from fixed roots; it is not a jargon, butabounds in vowels, and very melodious, and capableof expressing a wide range of feeling andsentiment. The people speak clearly and well,without hesitation. They are very polite, andmake numerous salutations on all occasions, at outgoingand in-coming, at bed-time, and in the morningat meals, and generally everywhere. Thestranger must not reply to each salutation, butwhen he takes his leave, he makes a long salaamby bowing his head and body, and by a peculiarintonation of the voice. The Doctor produced a grammar of the language,and made quotations from it. It was writtenby a native African, who had also composednumerous school-books, and made translations fromthe Bible. As specimens of the moral culture of the people,be read some of the African proverbs, which, thoughdoubtless original, have a peculiar Christian flavor.One of them ran very much after the style of theGolden Rule, thus: "He who injures another, injureshimself." Another reads thus: "The sworddoes not know the hand of the blacksmith" (whomade it. One of the poets, whilst singing the occupationsof the people, has these descriptions of them: "Theday dawns; the trader takes his goods; the spinnerher distaff; the soldier his shield; the hunter hisbow and quiver." After giving as these and otherspecimens of the writing talent of the Africans, theDoctor suddenly came down on Robert Bonner, hisweekly Ledger, who said in it, awhile ago, or allowedsomebody else to say it, that the African, havingno poetic faculty, it incapable of civilization. Hereminded his audience of the simple and beautifulextemporaneous song which the negro woman sangover poor Mungo Park, the traveller, when he satsorrowing by her tent door, and whom the supplied,in her womanly kindness, with milk. The truthwas, that the African was naturally poetic, and expressedhis feelings at all times of passion and emotionin musical and rythmical words. He read somepretty verses composed by African children, whichwere translated by one of our missionaries on thespot. They were certainly very simple, and at thesame time very hopeful products, describing the pleasurethey felt at seeing the beauty and color of certainAfrican birds, so description of which, the Doctorsaid, has appeared in any book on ornithology. Ledger Alluding to the morals of the people, he said therewas a mistake about it very current in these partsand elsewhere. It was thought that because polygamywas tolerated amongst them, there most beimmorality also. Polygamy was an old and venerableinstitution, and had a genome Oriental origin. ISolomon was the arch-polygamist of the world, andthe Africans who followed his example were noworse than he. It was the rich only, however, whohad many wives; the poor could not afford to keepthem. But women were universally respected inAfrica, and the men paid them chivalrous attention.They were not allowed to do any physical laborwhatever, except to draw water; and this they insistedupon at their peculiar right and privilege.This also was an Oriental custom of immemorialWage; and was frequently alluded to in the Scriptures.He had seen seven hundred women comingout of the gates of a city in the evening, carryingwater-pots on their heads, at they did in the days ofJacob. Chastity was a sacred thing amongst them,and any one violating or including a women was decapitated.These bigamists had one who was mistressof the household, and had her maids of honor,who attended her, and ministered, to the wants of theguests. They loved these wives better than mostcivilized people often do theirs. A chief who hadlost his wife was asked why he did not marry again."Because, " he said. "I shall never find a womanwho will love me as she did." There was we savageryin this reply, and it might readily enough havebeen uttered by a white man. The betrothal of young people is made as a paryearly age, and when it is consummated the maidenwears is bracelet on her arm, which is inside of homeinscribable metallic substance, of which the Davinecould give no account. pary An African honor, belonging to a bigwig negro, wasdescribed as an immense building, the winders anddeem of which opened the inside, lacking men thecourt wards. These houses often contained hundredsof winter who were called wives by courtesy, butwere not soin reality; as the custom of the countryrequired every rich man to support as many femalesas he could. These were daily conspired in spinning,basket-making weaving cotton fabrics &C.,which they sold in the markets. They often wentfar into the country, in groups, selling provisionsalong with their wares, and the Doctor never heardof any of them being insulted. From what the lecturer said, the houses of therich were a sort of factory, where the surplus womenwere taught to work, and where they were protected.They supported themselves. One of thesehouses put our own hotels, which are, nevertheless,"some pumpkins, " into a complete shadow. It isowned by a chief, and covert 1200 square feet, andbuilt of unhewn brick. Another contains a thousandfemales, and it about the rival of Solomon'simmense coast of concubines. Women an always submitted to council meetings.He was present at one, when the wife of a chiefleaned her heal on his shoulder, and made manysuggestions. He thought the hint might be taken incountries a long way from Africa. Another feature of manners was given whichwe thought very interesting. It was the respectwhich youth, always had to age, so matter whetherthe person were rich or poor. In these interior and remote regions, the peoplewere ruled by a king, whom they elected themselves.Kings, and their sons and families, were all amenableto the law. Litigation begins always in themorning, and defendant's counsel has always thelast speech. Numerous examples of the industry of the Africanswere given. They cultivated the lands, andmade them at productive at gardens. All the staplecereals of a tropical clime were frown in abundance,and every species of fruit. They were workersin iron and other metals, and made excellentleather and glass. They were a religious peoplenaturally; and he never met with a Pagan in allhis travels. At the close of the lecture, various specimens ofnative manufacture were shown to the audience. The lecture this evening will be on the "CommercialAdvantages of Africa, " and will take placein the lower Hall. 
