 This person has made some noise in the world,as? Our Consul in Genoa'—ad the exhibitor andhistorian of an iron crucifix—ad the possessor of apicture obtained by some means or other from M.Vespucci, of Florence—as the author of 'TheGlory and Shame of England'—as the translator ofItalian Navels —as the proposed biographer ofCaleb Cushing—as 'the correspondent of the LondonTimes, 'and, recently, the writer of a letter toMr. Marcy, in which he addressed the Hon. Secretaryof State with 'Please save me from any contectwhatever with Abolitionists.' Times Please save me from any contectwhatever with Abolitionists. But, to borrow a fashionable slang, who knowsthis gentleman's antecedents? where did he comefrom? what induced John Tyler, of glorious memory,to make him 'Our Consul in Genoa?' Thesequestions, it is true, are not important, but still theanswers to them are startling and amusing. Some of our elder citizens may remember that,in 1835, a convention of Abolitionists were drivenout of Bleaker Street Church, Utica, by a mob,headed by Samuel Beardsley, who was rewardedfor his Union-saving efforts on the occasion, by beingmade, soon after, Attorney-General of the Stateof New York. The convention thus forcibly expelledat Utica. re-assembled as Peterboro', and thereformed the Now York State Anti-Slavery Society. The Pastor of the Blacker Street Church was, ofcourse, not a man then fearing contact with Abolitionists.The name of this courageous and reverendgentleman was CHARLES EDWARDS LESTER!! contact with Abolitionists. HARLES DWARDS ESTER In 1840. a General Anti-Slavery Convention,otherwise ceiled the World's Convention, was heldin London. Its proceedings are published in alarge volume; the book contains a 'List of themembers of the convention, and from, where theycame or were delegated.' In this list I find, 'Lester,Rev. Charles E., Blacker Street Church, Union,U.S.' From the reported debates, I will make a fewextracts: Mr. FEWSTER, an English Delegate. 'I wouldask any of our American friends whether. In theevent of this convention determining to address thePRESIDENT of the United States, the address wouldgenerally appear in the American newspapers?' EWSTER RESIDENT 'REV. C.E. LESTER. Yes, and we could publishit as well in a cheap form. I would beg leave tosuggest one thought, whether it might not ha properfor this convention to present a very respectfulremonstrance to our Minister at the Court of St.James, that be set a better example to others, whenbe comes here, than by keeping his vassals in bondageat home.' p. 206. EV. Minister at the Court of St.James 'REV. C.E. LESTER.' I knew him (a certain fugitiveslate) well, and, for the last six months I wasin America, be sat under, my preaching, in thechurch where the first Anti-Slavery Conventionwas held in New York, in 1835, when a mob ofgentlemen of property and standing broke into ourtemple, and ton down the altar of God—then itwas that Gerrit Smith, the great apostle of AmericanAbolition, who had never joined us because hedid not like our measures, was won to our ranks.Is it true, said be, "that freemen cannot open theirvoice in God's hones? than they shall in my own—to Peterboro', to Peterboro'!' We left the temple,and, on masse, went thirty miles to his house. Thatabolition which is cradled in the storm is the onlykind that has ever been worth having—let no point,to my noble friend in the gallery, WILLIAN LIOYDGARRISON, whom I delight to honor.' p. 316. EV. ESTER. on masse noble friend ILLIAN IOYD ARRISON 'REV. C.E. LESTER. He (the fugitive slave)dares not reveal himself until he sees a man witha broad-brimmed hat, and ah! a broad-brimmedhat is the shield of freedom: he knows it will protecthim. The man of God takes him to his dwelling,the free, States. He stops a day or two at Oberlin,that friendly lighthouse which guards the entranceto the harbor of British freedom. At Oberlin helearns what it is to be treated like a man. But hewants to reach British soil; he crosses Lake Erie;and the moment ha stops on this ground, he isadopted ay your government, and receives a royalcharter of freedom from your beloved Quean. Ah!sir, I wish she could be our Queen long enough to makeour subjects free.' p. 321. EV. ESTER. free, States. I wish she could be our Queen long enough to makeour subjects free. 'REV. C.E. LESTER. I am perfectly satisfiedthat every mob that has ever threatened our cause [has done us good; we are then much indebted tothe mobs, and more especially to those mobs whichthreatened our friend George Thompson.' p. 561. EV. ESTER. REV. C.E. LESTER. I hope this convention will,in the moat unqualified manner, condemn the grantof 20,000,000. so far as it may be supposed toinvolve the right of slaveholders to compensation.' EV. ESTER.  right of slaveholders to compensation. But our Divine soon changed his town. On hisreturn, he published his experience in England,under the title of 'The Glory and Shame of England,'a book filled with silly and malignant vituperationof England. He incidentally mentionsthe sitting of the Anti-Slavery convention in London,but conceals the fact that he was himself amember. Although anxious that the convention, aswe have seen, should unequivocally condemn the compensation allowed the West India planters, asinvolving the rights of slaveholders to compensation,he tells us, in his book, in regard to slaveholders,'No law would justly demand their (the slaves)release, without compensation!' This admissions ofthe right of slaveholders to compensation, of course,relieved him from all suspicion of being a fanatic,while his executive abuse of Anti-Slavery Englandseems to have won the heart of Mr. Tylor: and theeulogist of Gerrit Smith, George, Thompson andGarrison, the sympathizer with fugitive slaves, andthe acknowledged manager of the Underground Railroad,became 'Our Consul in Genoa,' The desireof the Rev. Charles Edward Lester to be saved fromcontact with the Abolitionists is no doubt cordially reciprocated by them, with the exception, perhaps,of John Van Buren, Henry B. Stanton, and the Rev.S.H. Cox, D.D. the rights of slaveholders 
