 We call the attention of the reader to the slashingarticle from the Washington Union in, another columnof this morning's impression, headed 'The Paid Slandererof President Pierce in the London Times.' It isan awfully severe but richly deserved castigation. Theblood flies at every cut of the lash, and it will be longbefore the victim recovers from the infliction. Some ofour readers may not, perhaps, recollect who was Consulat Genoa at the period alluded to by the Union, andwho is the present correspondent of the London Times.That there may be no danger of any other person bearing,in the estimation of any one, the sins of this particularpersonage, we will print his name. It is C. EdwardsLetter. He once wrote a book with the impressive titleof 'The Glory and Shame of England.' His glory, ifhe was ever in any respect glorious, has departed, andhe has written his own shame, or, may be, the WashingtonUnion has written it for him. Let C. EdwardsLetter be remembered as the hired libelier of his country.—Detroit Free Press. Union Times. Union Times. His Union Detroit Free Press. The case of this Lester has been one of the interestingitems of political scandal the past week.It is not an unusual thing for him to be broughtbefore the public charged with one and another disgracefulact, but this time something more thanusual importance is attached to him from the factthat he is the New York Correspondent of the LondonTimes—the English Herald—and has availedhimself of that position to attack the present administration,incited thereto, it is alleged, by hisown disappointment in not getting an office underit. The Washington Union and the Post of this cityhave taken him in hand, and have shown, from hisantecedents, how much; Lester, on the other hand,has replied, in a letter to Secretary Marcy, and theverdict of candid people, after hearing all the evidence,will probably be that as to integrity andhonorable dealing, it is as the difference betweensix and half-a-dozen. Times Herald Union Post But time's great whirligig generally does justiceto all men, and the general truth has its particularapplication in this instances. These are probablyvery few, if any, papers in the country that willnot join in with the Detorit Free Press in the sentimentof the paragraph we have quoted above. Yetit is not many years since this same Lester waspetted and praised as a patriot of the noblest breedbecause the libeling for which he was then, if nothired, at least rewarded, was of another and morepopular sort. His book upon England was meantonly to cater to an unreasoning and vulgar prejudiceagainst England, and to serve as a vehicle of abuseand misrepresentation of the Abolitionists both ofthat country and this. For all this, he was paidwith the consulship to Genos, where, for severalyears, he so represented his government as to makethe very name of it an offence in the care of alljust men. From that time to this, his career hasoften enough been traced, as well as more recentlyby the papers we have just referred to. But of hishistory before he went to England, and of his conductin connection with that visit, nothing seemsgenerally known, or, at least, nothing is told bythose who have undertaken to expose this literaryand political brave. Here we can supply a note ortwo. Detorit Free Press Lester was originally a Presbyterian minister,settled in some 'rural district,' somewhere, we believe,in the Western part of Massachusetts. Oneof the Anti—Slavery lecturers dug him up out ofthat obscurity, and introduced him to the notice ofshe promiseout Abolitionists about Boston. Hemade his entrance into public life at an Anti-Slaverymeeting in that city, appearing upon that platform,not, perhaps, with quite the assurance and imposingflourish which long habit has now made himmaster of, but with quite enough of them, added tohis strong profession of Anti-Slavery soul, to ensurehis favorable reception. We do not recollectthat he signalized his conversion by any other remarkablepublic effort in behalf of the cause, buthe was afterward appointed a delegate to theWorld's Anti-Slavery Convention of 1840 in London,and if our memory serves us faithfully, theappointment was made at his own request. At allevents, he went with Anti—Slavery credentials inhis pocket, and these he need till he could use themno longer. In London, he was all things to all men,as he understood the Apostolic injunction, being anEvangelical clergyman, an Anti-Slavery delegateor an easy man of the world, as best served hispurpose. In she of these characters, is its said, hecollected founds for colored people in Canada,though on what authority, or what was their destination,was not so clear.  In society, his cardsannounced him as C. Edwards Liver—an aristocraticdesignation which, doubless, in the oughtwould been passport, among the English aristocarcy.But his Anti—Slavery associates were not long intracing his crooked ways, and a public announcementin the London Anti-Slavery Office Speedlyserved the connection between them. It was thenbe turned his philanthropic attention to the conditionof England, and his book was the result. he Liver This first chapter in the rise and progress of the'hired libeller' may be interesting to those whohave traced his subsequent career. Perhaps, too,they may see that, given this first step, the otherswere pretty sure to follow, and deduce therefore amoral which will one day be read of all men; forMr. C. Edwards Lester is neither the first nor lastman who, finding Anti-Slavery principle not a payinginvestment, in sacraficing that stock threw himselfin, into the bargain, and, though dog-cheap atthat, turned out in the end to be a very bad purchaseto his buyers. So flagrant a case as this maynot often, indeed, come before the public, but thisalone is quite enough to establish it as a truth, thata renegade Abolitionist, or one that pretends, to bean Abolitionist for an ulterior purpose, is no moreto be trusted than any other sort of a traitor. 
