 A very able lecture on the present position andprospects of the anti—slavery cause in America,was delivered on Tuesday evening last, in the largeroom of the Bible Depository, Slater street, by Mr.J. M. McKim, of Philadelphia, U.S., the secretaryof the Pennsylvania Anti-Slavery Society, and the editor of the Pennsylvania Freeman. The Rev.Francis Bishop was called to the chair; amongstthe company present were Mr. W. Rathbone, Mr.Wilson Forster Mr. Thomas Blackburne, the Rev.John Roberts, the Rev. R.L. Carpenter, Mr. F.Woodhead, Mr. Tim thy Jevons, Mr. C.E. Rawlins,Mr. Samuel Thornely, Mr. Thomas Jevons, Mr. E.Humble, Mrs. Follen, the well-known Americanauthoress, Miss Cabot, of Boston, U.S., Miss Pugh,of Philadelphia, U.S., and several fugitive slaves. Pennsylvania Freeman. The Rev. Chairman said that though, in obediencethe request of the meeting, he took the chairwith great pleasure, he could, without the slightestaffectation, and with much truth, say, that it wouldbe much more agreeable to his feelings if someother resident of Liverpool of longer standing andgreater weight than himself had been called to preside on the occasion. He proceeded to give someaccount of the character of American slavery, and,after remarking that the whole country had beenmoved from the centre to the circumference by that,wonderful production, 'Uncle Tom's Cabin,' he saidwe should be wanting in fidelity and true friendshipto our brethren across the Atlantic were we, fromany false notions of national courtesy, to suppressour convictions on the subject, and not give free andfrank utterance to them on every fitting occasion.He was speaking in terms of eulogy of the lecturer,when a colored gentleman (Mr. North, joiner ofthis towns) entered the room, and turning to him,Mr. Bishop said, the entrance of that friend broughtfully before him the abominable character of thatinstitutions about which they were to be addressedthat evening. He (Mr. North) two years ago wasconsidered by the laws of the United States ofAmerica not to he a man; he was decided not tobe a person possessing human rights and feelings, but a thing—apiece of property. He, however,felt a burning sense within him of the wrong whichwas done him, and, aided by a young English sailorthen in that room, be left Charleston, stowedaway in a vessel. He kept in his place of concealmentuntil the ship was too far distant from Charlestonfor the captain to put back with him, so hewas brought safely to this port. He called on agentleman connected with the Society of Friends,and said he was a mechanic and did not wish charity;he only wanted employment. The gentlemanappealed to, obtained a situation for him, and hecontinued in it for some time, giving every satisfaction;and he was now working on his own account,and showing himself to be a competent and respectableman of business. (Hear, hoar.) The Rev.gentleman then directed the attention of the companyto the object of the meeting—it was to hearan address from a very intelligent gentleman, whowas one of that noble band of men and women inAmerica who had devoted themselves in the mostadmirable manner to the promotion of the causeof abolition, who had put their hands to the plough,and, by the blessing of God, had shown, amidstcontumely of no ordinary kind, persecution, andsocial and petty exclusions, a fidelity to the causewhich every true—hearted man must admire. Hetherefore had great pleasure in calling upon Mr.McKim to give to the company some account ofthe labors of the abolitionists, the principles bywhich they were actuated, and the modes in whichthey proposed to carry forward the great purposewhich they had in view, namely, the final and totaloverthrow of that gigantic abomination, humanslavery.(Applause.) Mr. McKim then proceeded to address the meeting.He said be had been requested by some ofthe anti-slavery people in Liverpool to give some ofhas views in regard to American slavery—its presentcondition and future prospects—and he washappy to avail himself of the invitation. He hadbeen traveling through Great Britain and a portionof the continent, mainly from his deep interest inthe anti-slavery movement, and from a desire to dowhat he could to produce a deeper and more intelligentinterest in the movement, and to secure amore effectual co-operation with the abolitionistsof America for the overthrow of American slavery.In speaking on that subject, he would state all thatmight be justly claimed by those in favor of slavery.The expression he would make use of did notarise from any preference to monarchical institution:he heartily preferred the form of governmentwhich prevailed in his own country, for there wassomething grossly revolting to him in the inequalitiesof wealth and the distinctions of rank whichhe perceived in England. He would admit thatAmerica was a great country, though not exactlyin the sense in which that word was taken byFrench friend of his, who, when told by an Americanin Paris that America was a great country,said. 'Aye, it is very large.' America was greatin other respects, without reference to its geographicalextent. She was great in her enterprise, asmagnificent in her magnificent internal improvements,in her railroads of a thousand miles inlength, piercing her highest mountains, bridgingher widest rivers: in her commerce, the sails ofwhich whitened every sea; in her system of populareducation the benefits of which were enjoyedby hundreds of thousands; in her growing literatureand in the aptness of her people to competewith other nations in the arts and sciences,and to very enviable position with respectto most of them. He would admit all this, but notas an argument in favor of her position as a slave—holdingcountry. Nevertheless, it seemed to bethe common understanding amongst those who undertookan a apology for America in the matter ofslavery to give an account of all those things. It was often said by people who had made thetour of America, that they had not seen any of therevolting cruelties, described by some abolitionists,and their impression was that there were grossmisapprehensions in the British mind on this subject.He would admit that the English touristmight land at Boston, and travel in the South, ourto the West by St. Louis, and embark again atNew York, and during this tour he might not haveseen stripes inflicted upon a slave, or any of thebarbarities exhibited by the operation of the slavesystem. He might not have seen so much physicalsuffering and evidence of bodily destitution as henight possibly have met with in this country. Inaddition to this, he might have found the people ofAmerica generally hospitable, and as honest andaright in their dealings as those whom he left onhis own shores. Moreover, had he gone, he mighthave heard the abolitionists designated as an unreasonable,unreasoning, and fanatical set, injudicious,and with a disposition to disorganize. Butwas this sufficient to prove that slavery was not sobad as it was represented? He would not attemptto give any definition of his own of slavery. Hewould read to them the definition which, the slavecode itself gave of the matter. The South Carolinacode said—' A slave should be deemed, taken, andadjudged in law to be chattel personal in thehands of his owner, heirs, executors, administrators,and assigns, to all intents, constructions andpurposes whatsoever.' The Louisiana code defined itin somewhat different language. 'The slave,'said the revised code of Louisiana. 'is in the powerof the master to whom he belongs, the mastermay sell him, dispose of his person, or his industry;all that he in and all that he has, and all thathe can acquire, is the property of his master; bodyand soul, life and limb, wife and children, are theproperty of his master, to be disposed of at his will.' The slave could not, without a figure of speech,say that his hands or his feet were his own, becausehis hands and his feet belonged to his master.—This was slavery according to the definition by theLouisiana code. The apologists of slavery mightsay what they chose to show that slaves were welltreated, and that slavery was not so bad as it wasrepresented to be by the abolitionists; but he saidthat no worse treatment could be heaped upon aman, as long as they give him life, would go astep further—even take away his life, and it wouldnot be worse than thus converting him into a merechattel, and treating him 'to all intents, constructions,and purposes whatsoever,' as a mere articleof marketable property. (Loud applause.) Thesceptic would say, yielding a little, that slaverywas bad in principle, and he objected to it as muchas he (the lecturer) did. He would say that thelaw was more severe than the actual system, andthat things abstractedly appeared much worsethan they were in the concrete, but he (the lecturer)contended that nothing could be so bad asplacing such power over one human being in thehands of another. That slavery wrested all powerfrom the slave was dear, for if there was any onelesson taught in the history of the world, it wasthat no human being could be trusted with powerover another human being. The lecturer illustrated these observations byseveral examples from history, and from his ownexperience, and remarked at some length upon thedifferent opinions formed on the subject of slaveryby Europeans and Americans after a voyage acrossthe Atlantic. The human heart was a very strangething, and it sometimes underwent curious operationsby going from this country to America; 19out of every 20 who went to America apparentlystaunch abolitionists came back with their viewsvery much changed. When there, they at first suppressedtheir feelings, became gradually accustomedto witnessing the system in all its phases, andfinally either became supporters of it or at least soreconciled to it as not to stand forth as its opponents.On the other band, the passage acrossthe Atlantic to this country appeared to have avery contrary effect upon the Americans, for manyof them who had never been heard to speak againstthe slave system at home, no sooner touched England'sshores, than their opinions seemed to undergoa change, and they might be heard declaimingagainst the system in Exeter-hall as though theyhad ever been decided abolitionists. To show thestealthy but most corrupting influence often exertedon persons by a residence amid the institutionof slavery, he would read the following authenticextracts from the letters of a lady who had gonefrom the free States to reside with some relativesin the south. In one of her first letters, datedJune, 1834, she said—'Fanny's child, as you maywell suppose, is dreadfully spoiled. She has twolittle negroes to wait on her all the time, and if shecries, they are the sufferers. Fanny is a hardmistress to her slaves. Oh, Charles, I could neverhave believed it if I had not seen it. She says Ispoil them—the slaves—by kind treatment, and yetI have barley treated them as human beings!'About two months after this she wrote, under dateof August 15th, 1834, and mark the change, as follows:—The slaves here are better off than thepoor people at the north. They are a most ungratefulrace.' Again, on August 25th, 1835, whenmore than a year had passed away, she wrote, andobserve how completely her objections to slaveryhas vanished under the blighting influence of theimpure moral atmosphere around her,— 'Onemonth, I am sure, would cure any abolitionist.They would soon see that the slave here was wherebe was intended by the Ruler of the universe to be.They (the slaves) cannot bear liberty. They trampleupon you as soon as you give them any advantageover you. I feel and know the slave is in hisright place.' Again, on June 26th, 1836, shewrote—' They (the slaves) are clothed, fed, andtreated well by their masters, and hear the gospelpreached constantly, with a very few exceptions;they are a race who, I must ever believe, are justwhere our dear Lord designed they should remain.'(Hear, hear.) These extracts showed very forciblythe depraving influence often exerted on the mindsof those who go to reside in the slave States of thesouth. (Hear, hear.) He had not himself seen many of the cases ofcruelty which were related upon good authority,and, therefore, would not state any of them. Heknew nothing of the character of slavery, or thetreatment of slaves in the cotton plantations, riceswamps, or sugar mills of the south, where, it wasstated, slavery existed in its worst form. His placeof residence was Philadelphia, on the slave borders,and there he had many opportunities of seeingslaves who had escaped to the north, that theymight enjoy the blessings of freedom. These weregenerally what were called well-treated slaveswho had had mere liberty than usual, whohad had more than the ordinary amount of intelligence,ho had had opportunities of doing otherwork, and thus acquiring a little money, whichhelped them in their flight. It was these men whoavailed themselves of these privileges to make theirescape—who braved the most formidable dangers,and risked even life itself, in order to obtain theirfreedom. They fled from the south, with the northstar only for their guide-they waded rivers, andmade their way through swamps, hiding by dayand pursuing their course by night, daring incredibleperils, that they might enjoy the boon of liberty.The person to whom the chairman had alludedhad given him some account of himself on the previousevening. He had lived nearly all his lifewithout stripes, and was one of the 'well-treatedslaves.' The lecturer than proceeded to give an accounts,of thrilling interest, of the escape of a slave, whosubmitted to be packed up in a box and transportedby railway and steam—boat several hundredmiles, from Virginia to Philadelphia. Mr. M'Kimafterwards proceeded to say that it was not possibleto make a man a chattel and treat him well: hewould then only be treated well as a dog of a horsewould be treated well. (Hear, bear.) Proper foodand protection from the cold were all that were regardedas good treatment for the dog or the above:but was that good treatment for a man with an immortalsoul, with the affection, aspiration, andattributes of a being created in the image of God!(Hear, bear) It was blasphemy to talk abouttreating a man well and yet keeping him a slave.(Applause.) It was the same whether it was doneby the brutal Legree of the south or the accomplishedChristian minister—(her, hear)—for he regrettedto say that they had persons who enjoyed thatreputation, and a fair proportion of them who heldslaves just as others did. He had seen something of the slave trade, but itwas only in its mildest form; yet some of the scenes,which he had witnessed were a sufficient reply tothe arguments which were brought forward bythose who were opposed to the abolition movement.He saw a slave leaving the city of Washington puthis head out of the car. and heard him call out,with a sort of melancholy satisfaction, to the otherslaves in an adjoining field, who were leaning ontheir hoes, 'Good—bye, I have ray whole family withme.' But the poor fellow old not know that whenan advertisement appeared for '500 likely youngnegroes,' the young negroes of his family would besent off to the plantations, the women would besold to serve as cooks in the city, and the childrenin some other direction.(Applause.) He then proceeded to refute the false chargeswhich had been made against the leaders of theabolition cause in America, representing them asinfidels, and opposed to all that was body andsacred. He had been told that in the last numberof the British Banner, Mr. Garrison, the Presidentof the American Anti—Slavery Society, was chargedwith being opposed to the marriage tie. All whoknew Mr. Garrison would be utterly amazed at sucha statement, and it was most lamentable that menof character should allow themselves to be madetools of to utter such wicked slanders. Some personsno doubt unintentionally maligned Mr. Garrisonand his associates; but all the charity he couldsummon on behalf of the others would not allowhim to say that in their case it was unintentionallydone. He believed there were persons who willfullyuttered those gross calumnies —for grosscalumnies they were. (Applause.) He wishedthat those who spoke in such a manner, from havingbeen imposed upon by the misrepresentationsof enemies of the abolitionists, had been acquaintedwith Mr. Garrison, and Phillip*, and Quincy,and with those who conducted the Anti-SlaveryStandard, the executive committee of the society inNew York, and Boston, and Philadelphia, andlearned what was the governing principle of theirminds and hearts; if they did so, he was sure theywould never repeat or further give ear to such baseand utterly unfounded charges. (Loud applause.)All who intimately knew the men who were thusunscrupulously attacked admired them for the purityand rectitude of their public career, and lovedthem for their domestic virtues and their privateworth.(Applause.) British Banner Anti-SlaveryStandard It had been shown by Birney and others, thatthe church in America was the bulwark of slavery;and in confirmation of this, Mr. M'Kim readan extract from a sermon by the well-known commentator,Dr. Albert Barnes, an influential Presbyteriandivine, in which it was contended that,but for the unfaithfulness of the churches, slaverycould not exist for a day. All true abolitionistswere, therefore, compelled to denounce the shortcomingsof many of the American churches andclergy: and if to do this were infidelity, then,undoubtedly, the leaders of the abolition causewere infidels. But that was not what it was intendedthe people of this country should understandby the charge, and in the way in which itwas sometimes brought forward by emissaries fromthe United States of America when in this country,and propagated afterwards by persons whoallowed themselves to be made use of by the insidiousenemies of the anti-slavery cause, it was utterlygroundless and untrue. The lecturer thenread extracts from sermons by various Americanclergymen of different religions bodies, which declaredthat the system of slavery was sanctionedby religion. He also quoted, at some length, asermon by Bishop Meade, published to be read tonegro congregations, which enjoined them to'obey the commands of their masters as theywould those of the Almighty, because their masterswere placed over them by God himself.' TheRev. prelate had made use of the passage. 'Dounto others as ye would that they should do untoyou.' The lecturer said that the meeting wouldnaturally imagine that that text would apply withgreat force against the system of slavery; but thepreacher had perverted it to his own end by tellinghis hearers that they were enjoined by it to workas diligently for their masters as they would thattheir masters should do if their positions werechanged. That, contended the lecturer, was preciselythe same as to say, that if a robber put apistol to the breast of any man in the assemblyand demanded his money, the man attacked shouldmake no resistance, but silently yield up his purse,because, were he in the place of the robber, hewould wish that just the same thing should bedone unto him. (Laughter.) They surely wouldnot think it strange that William Lloyd Garrison,and his friends who joined in the good cause,should denounce not only these ministers of religionin the South, but also all those in the Northwho associated with them, apologized for them,and defended them. The American church wasfull of men, (some of them among her most distinguishedministers,) who not only sought to justifythe acts of the slave—owners and the systemby which they were upheld, but who even went sofar as to try to justify the infamous and iniquitousFugitive Slave Law, Ministers of all denominationshad come forward in defence of this law,which had horrified not only the civilized world,but, even, to some extent, the half-civilized world. He did not wish to be misunderstood, and waswilling to admit that there were many persons inthe Anti-Slavery Society whose views upon certain points of religion might not coincide with thoseof all then present, and which perhaps were notcorrect views. The Anti-Slavery Society was composedof persons of all sects, orthodox and heterodox.They had made the basis of the Society reston the principle of leaving it perfectly open to peopleof all denominations of religious belief, andeven, in fact, to those of no denomination at all.They believed that this was the right principle,that the basis of such a society should be as broadas humanity. The lecturer noticed the formationof several Societies of a sectarian character, whichhad in view the abolition of slavery, but whichhad all in turn caused to exist and contrasted themwith the American Anti-Slavery Society, whichwas open to all willing to join, without respect totheir religious views. Its vigor was only increasedby age, and by means of its newspapers, andlectures, and public meetings, and various publications,it was now working more widely andmore powerfully then over. (Hear, hour.) Formerlythe advocates of the abolition cause in Philadelphia.his own city were assailed with mob violence, and their arguments were replied to withbrickbats and unmarketable eggs. (Laughter.). Atpresent, however, though they had not to encounterthose difficulties, they had to resist the passiveopposition of people who held, 'We object to slaveryas much as you do we hate the system asstrongly as you, but we think you are too fanaticaland unreasonable, and that your efforts are only keeping the cause back. We see no may open atpresent by which we could do any thing, and wecan only deplore the injury which has been doneby your mistaken efforts'. This argument waseven more depressing to most with than brickbats,the rotten eggs, and the mob violence, (Cheers.)But where there was a will there was a wayThere was not as yet a will in America to abolish.slavery; but when the efforts of the abolition societieshad created that will, (which he trustedand believe they would de,) a way would soon befound. (Loud cheers.) By appealing to the consciencesof the people—to their feelings, to theirsense of right and duty—by touching every stringin the human heart, which could vibrate to thetouch—they hoped to produce that revolution inthe feelings of the masses which would cause sucha change in public sentiment as would be the certainprecursor of the universal emancipation of theslaves. For that consummation they were laboring-inthat enterprise they were enlisted. It wasin behalf of such an object that he was in England,and part of his errand was to invite thecooperation of those who felt interested in themovement. After thanking the company for theindulgence which they had shown him, the lecturerresumed his seat amid lour applause. Mr. T. WOODHEAD briefly proposed a vote ofthanks to the lecturer, and an earnest expressionof sympathy with the abolitionists of America.which was seconded by Mr. C.E. Rawlins. OODHEAD The Rev. Chairman, in putting the motion to themeeting, said that he was one of the English travellerswho had not become reconciled to the systemof slavery during his stay in America, forafter visiting several of the Southern States, hishatred to it had become infinitely greater. Hethen gave some interesting accounts of sceneswhich he had himself witnessed at slave acutionsin America, one of which was in Richmond, theplace from which Mrs. Tyler had dated her addressin answer to the one sent by the women ofEngland———scene which in that mixed assembly hecould not attempt fully to describe. The resolution was then the put to the meeting andcarried unanimously, which terminated the proceedings. 
