 Judge Harnhlower, late Chief Justice of the Stateof New Jersey, in a letter addressed to the Committeeof the Free Democracy of New York, whohad invited him to be present at a recent meetingin the Tahcrnacle in that city. speaks his viewsagainst the unconstitutionality of the Fugitive SlaveLaw, in the following emphatic terms: 'I wish you success with all my heart. I am, asrespects the general policies of our country, a Whig—ademocratic Whig, if you please—but in moreprecise terms, an American constitutional republican,I stand, and always have stand, on the platformcan, I stand, and always have stood, on the platformof the constitution. It is broad enough, and strongenough, and free enogh, whom rightly construed.for me. The clause providing for the delivering upof 'persons,' whether apprentices or slaves, who are bound to service, &c., did not make slavery aconstitutional element of the general governmentIt did not establish it, nor in the least degree recognizeit as a national institution. It recognizedthe fact, and that, only by a forced implication, thatslavery existed in some of the States, but imposedno obligation on the general government to foster,protest, promote or guarantee its existence, perpetuityor extension in those States or elsewhere. The Constitution gave Congress no power to legislateon the subject of apprentious or slaves escapingfrom service; but it did, in effect, prohibit the Statesfrom passing any laws discharging them from suchservice. Such was my opinion, deliberately and judiciallyformed, more than sixteen years ago, longbefore the present Fugitive Stars Law was passed, andsuch is still say opinion. I have only to add, that,admitting the authority of Congress to legislature uponthe subject at all, I consider the provisions of theexisting law as not only unconstitutional, but as crueland oppressive, contrary to the common law of ourland, and the first principle of justice and humanity!' Such was my opinion, deliberately and judiciallyformed, more than sixteen years ago, longbefore the present Fugitive Stars Law was passed, andsuch is still say opinion. as not only unconstitutional, but as crueland oppressive, contrary to the common law of ourland, and the first principle of justice and humanity 
