 'Until recently, the defence of Slavery has laboredunder great difficulties, because its apologists(for they were mere apologists) took half-waygrounds. 'They confined the defence of Slavery to merenegro Slavery: thereby giving up the Slaveryprinciple, admitting other forms of Slavery to bewrong, and yielding up the authority of the Bible,and of the history, practices, and experience ofmankind. They almost admitted the Bible to befalse, because it ordained, authorized, and enforcedwhite Slavery, which they asserted was morallywrong. Human experience, showing the universalsuccess of slave society, and the universal failureof free society, was unavailable to them, becausethey were precluded from employing it by admittingSlavery in the abstract to be wrong. Thedefence of mere negro Slavery involved them in astill greater difficulty. The laws of all the SouthernStates justified the holding white men inSlavery, provided, through the mother, they weredescended, however remotely, from a negro slave.The bright mulattoes, according to their theory,were wrongfully held in Slavery. 'The line of defence, however, is now changed,and the North is completely cornered, and dumb asan oyster. The South now maintains that Slaveryis right, natural, and necessary. It shows thatall divine, and almost all human, authority justifiesit. The South farther charges, that the littleexperiment of free society in Western Europe hasbeen, from the beginning, a cruel failure, and thatsymptoms of failure are abundant in our North.The abolitionists cannot be provoked to deny thecharge, so overwhelming are the facts, authorities,and admissions, by which it is sustained; nor willthey answer the question, so often put to them,'What have been the results of the experiment offree society?' They are wholly unwilling toinstitute a comparison of the two systems ofsociety, and determine that to be right which butpromotes human well-being, and is justified bymost of human and divine authority. To deal withthe subject in this way would, they know, be tosurrender their cause. They begin to reason, byassuming Slavery to be morally and religiouslywrong; and the South, hitherto, has granted theirpremises, and attempted to justify negro Slaveryas an exception to a general rule, or, if wrong, asa matter of bargain between the North and South.The laws of God and Nature are immutable, andman cannot bargain them away. Whilst it is farmore obvious that negroes should be slaves thanwhites, for they are only fit to labor, not to direct,yet the principle of Slavery is itself right, and doesnot depend on difference of complexion. Differenceof race, of lineage, of language, of habits andcustoms, all tend to render the institution morenatural and durable; and although slaves havebeen generally whites, still the masters and slaveshave generally been of different national decent.Moses and Aristotle, the earliest historians, areboth authorities in favor of this difference of face,but not of color.'—Richmond Examiner. Richmond Examiner. 
