 There are certain propositions which, for thesake of maintaining the healthy condition of ourown minds, it is best not to debate. Mr. Garrisonacted wisely and well, when he refused to enterthe lists as n disputant with Toomb, Wise andAtchison, to discuss the ethics of slavery. If thecommon sense of the world has not settled, forthese many centuries, the question of the moralpropriety of one man's making a brute and a toolof another, then nothing is settled. If the conscienceand reason of slaveholders themselves havenot sufficiently indicated, in a thousand forms, theirinstinctive judgment against the soul murder,which the successful maintenance of the authorityof a slave master involves and requires, then thereis no conscience and reason left to be the arbitersin such high debate; but the madness and hardnessof utter reprobation have carried them beyondthe reach of logic and expostulation.  It is not argument that the slaveholders andtheir Northern abettors need, but denunciation;because it is not a mistaken opinion, out of whichthey are to be persuaded, but a torpid and asphixiedmoral sense to be roused by sharp and irritantrebuke. To argue in the premises is the grossestmisconception of the whole subject, a mistakewhich no cogency of reasoning can retrieve.While the Christian sentiment of this countrystood meekly arguing for fifty years against therighteousness of slavery, slavery grew and flourished,added new territories to its domains, newmillions to its victims. When Garrison and hiscompeers thundered forth their terrible denunciationagainst it, it began to reel and stagger to itsfall. It was not that he brought to the discussionany new arguments, but because he gave expressionin fit language to the instinctive reprehension ofthe enlightened human soul against such a monstrosityof cruelty and wickedness. It was not amore able essay of an old experiment, it was theinauguration of a new method. Hence its effectiveness,It gave birth to the anti-slavery spirit thathas, at length, almost marshalled the slow massesof the North into face-to-face contest with slavery,and while various organizations, political andecclesiastical, are feebly struggling to accomplishits purposes, and various influences, literary andsocial, are partially interpreting its principles, thisholy faith in freedom rallies the broken organizationsafter their defeat into more powerful combinations,and becomes the central fire that giveswarmth and life to the whole movement. denunciation; There has been a great deal of namby-pambydeprecation of the terms in which the primitiveAbolitionists have clothed their rebukes. This hasbeen even widely indulged in by persons whoseopposition to the iniquity of slaveholding issincere, and whose influence against it has beenconsistent. When the slaveholders have beencalled robbers, man-thieves, pirates, and thesocieties of slaveholders, calling themselves Christians,have been denominated 'Brotherhoods ofThieves,' conservative listeners have been shocked.Quiet people have turned pale with reprehension,and swung themselves out of churches, slammingpew-doors. Weak brethren have turned back, andwalked no more with their uncompromising leaders.The use of such language has been imputed toanger, and considered to be, at the very mildest, inthe worst possible taste. 'Injudicious, fatallyinjudicious! have exclaimed many well-meaningmembers of churches; 'no man was ever convertedby denunciation,' &c., &c., to the end of thechapter. namby-pamby 'Brotherhoods ofThieves,' Now, whether the Abolitionists have, spoken inanger or not is very little to the purpose. If theywere angry, it is an anger which is very becomingto them, and very honorable to our common nature.It is so righteous an anger that the sun might wellbe allowed to go down upon it many times. Butwhile the Abolitionists have been inveighed againstas irate, even to the verge of fanaticism, theyhave only been perplexed because the languagewas so feeble in epithets, with which fully to describetheir indignation against the crimes ofslavery, that kindred crimes, from which they havesometimes ventured to borrow figures of speech,were tame and white beside the fierce and darkenormity. They have been annoyed, that havingcalled a man a slaveholder, such had been the debasementof the popular conscience, that it wasnecessary to prefix adjectives to make the wordabhorrent, or go into a course of argument to refutethe phantasy, that such a man could he a Christian.For such has been the corruption whichthe sorcery of slavery has brought about, that theterm itself has lost its natural repulsiveness, andslaveholder is almost as innocent as merchant,guardian, landlord, or any other name of one ofthe regular and usual offices in civil society—thequality to be known from some adjective, as kindslaveholder, or cruel slaveholder, and not from thecharacter itself. The Abolitionist has been equallyembarrassed in drawing figures of illustration fromother human crimes. Rascal and scoundrel he dismissesas too indefinite, too much hackneyed andsoftened down by the everyday objurgations of thestreet. Your rascal and even your scoundrel isbut a pitiful and occasional rogue, when comparedto the enterprising and stalwart sinner who makesa man a slave. It is infinitely more damaging to ahuman soul to be a slaveholder, than to be a well-developedrascal or scoundrel. Thief is decidedlyweak. A man becomes a thief only upon a singledepredation of a suit of old clothes. It is sheerbathos to help out one's conception of the enormityof making larceny of the man the suit of clothesenvelopes, and of keeping it up, every morning, forfifty years, by calling such a man a thief. Theepithet softens the accusation amazingly. Pirateis better, but no good rhetorician or accuratethinker would use even that, though it is Mr.Gerrit Smith's favorite illustration. The pirateonly murders because murder is necessary to consummateand secure the plunder of his victims: wemay even fancy him doing it with considerablerepugnance and poignancy of conscience—the slaveholdernever stops at murder when the plunder ofa man's person is imperilled by own fugitivenessor the interference of an Abolitionist. Beyondthis, the comparison breaks down with intrinsicimbecility. Civilized people in Christian countriesdo not commit piracy. They do not say familyprayers over piracy. They do not make it offensiveto the very devil, by the cant and drivel of piety.Besides, they do not train their children up to it,and provide for its perspicuity in their wills; butall who do not get hung, shot or drowned, in thecause, seasonably repent. they slaveholder slaveholder kind cruel Rascal scoundrel Thief bathos man thief. Pirate fugitiveness Murderer is more graphic, because the conceptionof one great act of crime is more distinct and impressivethan a series of greater crimes runningthrough a whole life, or interwoven in a status ofsociety. Thus, whom Dr. Webster murdered Dr.Parkman, the whole land was shocked and demandedhis execution; but when Louis Napoleonmurdered the French republicans, it only had thecharacter of a rather rigorous stroke or state,which vindicated the resolution and sagacity ofthe man who did it. Murderer status But slaveholder is in itself, of all terms, the mostoffensive and degrading; and it is probable that,in all coming time, no parricide will arise to' soilthe addition' of the 'Father of his Country,' asJudge Sprague once did, in Fancily Hall, when,pointing to the portrait of Washington, he exclaimed,'The slaveholder!' slaveholder 'The slaveholder!' As to the good taste of these denunciations, thatis a question upon which different opinions may beentertained. It does not seem to us to be in badtaste to speak of three hundred thousand rascalsin the same terms that yon would of one rascal ofthe same grade. If Frederick Douglass were theonly slave in the land, Mr. Thomas Auld wouldnot be treated with greater courtesy by the publicat large. It would require no logic to prove hima wicked and dangerous man. Our good tastewould lead ns rather to spare the small sinners inthe minority, and make the big sinners in themajority smart, if we could. As to how people are converted, the cases on recordare so various that we think it may as wellbe affirmed that no man was ever converted until hewas denounced, as that no man was ever convertedby denunciation, and, in the meantime, that it wasbest to follow the promptings of our own spirits.While slaveholders are fawned upon, courted,mildly and deferentially argued with, they willnever believe that we loathe and despise them.The pro-slavery presses have not been so silent,nor pro-slavery ministers and cotton merchantsso ardent on the side of oppression, that advocatesneed be summoned from the South to put us inpossession of the views that prevail in that region.This is but another form of that folly which hascome to look upon slavery and freedom as twolegitimate interests in the State, each to be protectedand guaranteed within its legitimate sphere.It puts the dispute between anti-slavery and pro-slaveryupon the footing of a mere sectarian discussionabout non-essentials—a discussion inwhich it is only ill-mannered to be in earnest, orto lay aside the forms of courtesy and charity. Toreduce human beings to cattle is a practice,peculiar to tropical regions, and which menengaged in the culture of sugar and cottonnaturally fall into. Not to do so is a hyperboreanprejudice, a mean economy, peculiar to high latitudeand poor soils. The greater part of ourdistinguished statesmen look upon the matter thus.Mr. Webster really never got a deeper insight thanthis of the anti-slavery theory. until hewas denounced, Every speech in Congress, every pamphlet, everyclerical letter, in support of slavery, discloses thisarrant absurdity. Have you your free institutionsin peace, and give us our slavery. Let justice becounterbalanced by injustice—righteousness andwickedness be compromised. Let not God overreachand monopolize, but fairly divide his kingdomwith the devil. you us To debate such propositions, to entertain thembut with abhorrence, is to tamper with humanreason, and solicit it. Thank Heaven, there are afew same men of clear heads and sound hearts, whocannot be seduced to hold parley with the enemiesof the rights of the human race, but take refuse inthe wiser philosophy of the ancient precept—Resistthe devil, and he will free from you. There aremelancholy instances enough at the North of menwhom much learning hath made mad, and whosemadness has developed itself in this very form—menwho, like Dr. Lord, Dr. Spring, Dr. Stuart,have settled down into the dreary atheism of holdingthat God is the author and sustainer of thedevilish villainies of American slavery—men whohave read, and quibbled, and stuck in the bark ofliteral Interpretation, and swayed to the comity ofpious-seeming rascality, till insanity has seizedupon their moral instincts, and they have lost thefaculty of distinguishing right and wrong. Whenmen are enchanted with such sorceries, there is nouse of writing controversial tracts against them.They must be seized by the shoulder, and roughlyshaken by public ridicule, and earnest voicesmust shout in their ears, Madman! Fool! Resistthe devil, and he will free from you. Madman! Fool! 
