 Memorial of the Citizens of Virginia, to the GeneralAssembly, asking for certain Reforms in the Lawsconcerning Slaves and Free Persons of Color. Memorial of the Citizens of Virginia, to the GeneralAssembly, asking for certain Reforms in the Lawsconcerning Slaves and Free Persons of Color. TO THE HONORABLE THE SENATE AND THE HOUSEOF REPRESENTATIVES:—It is under a deep sense ofthe delicate and peculiar relations of the subject towhich your attention is earnestly called, that yourmemorialists address you. But if its politicalnature demands caution and deliberation, its moralhearings may still more claim thoughtful investigation,and a calm though prompt action. In thefaith that the best policy of the State will alwaysbe one with the rectitude of its laws and institutions,and that right ever wronged any man, werespectfully submit our petition, that the Laws, ofVirginia may be so modified as— O ONORABLE ENATE OUSE EPRESENTATIVES right ever wronged any man 1. To protect the parental relation, forbiddingthe separation of parents and young children, atthe will of any man or set of men, under criminalpenalties. 2. To recognize and secure the marital relationto colored persons; forbidding the disregard ofthe sacred relation of husband and wife by any manamongst his own slaves, and protecting the samebetween slaves of different families. 3. To allow persons so disposed to teach personsof color to read, so as better to assist their moraland mental elevation. Your memorialists readily allow that these claims,which they solemnly submit in behalf of the coloredpopulation of the State, are founded on thepostulate, that they are something other than moreproperty; and they insist that the claims of theSouth, that they shall have peculiar representationin the State and Federal Governments, as well asthe special code everywhere found necessary, forthem, as distinct from other kinds of property,imply equally certain limitations on the powers ofindividuals over them. And this necessity for aspecial treatment of them rests on this fundamentaltruth: that they have certain natural gifts whichsuggest culture. If the susceptibility or cultivationin the grass, 'which to-day is, and to-morrowis cast into the oven,' makes him a benefactor ofhis race, 'who makes two blades of grass growwhere only one grw before,' how much nobler isit to assist the germs of thought and feeling, withwhich God has endowed a race, to their utmostgrowth and result! Any necessity of thwartingthis, so plain a law of nature, is a fearful concessionto those who oppose the institution ofslavery To any that they are incapable of culture,is to attar the severest satire an the law whichprohibition it, and is to give birth to the solecism,that speech, understanding, and a moral beinghave not definite objects, as the eye and the earhave. To any that they are a law and degradedrace, is only to charge ourselves with a heavierweight of duty in their elevation; since, clearly,the progressive principles, in men, or beast, orvegetable, is the index of improvement and promiseof success, and capacity the only limit. Surely,then, they are not more laborers, and cannot, 'likeby bread alone.'  Your memorialists feel this to be the highestlaw in the universe; and to that they wish to bearwitness. They are deeply sensible that any lawwhich dwarfs and impedes the growth and developmentof any part of God's creation, moreespecially that which is moral and intelligent, cannotfail to prove a curse, however much our shortsightedness may fancy it a bleating. The laws which tolerate the separation of parentsand children, produce scenes that the Christianheart must characterize as cruel and impious, andworthier the slave-coast in a past generation, thanVirginia in this day. They are unchristian inpermitting those to be put asunder whom God hasjoined together under the most solemn circumstances;thus encouraging impure and transientconnections between the sexes, and blunting theholiest feelings of the human being; by thisbrutalizing the race to a degree that should causeeven our selfish interests to shudder. They areunwise, because they bring the humanity of ourState into question, and cause a painful conflict inthe minds of bar children, as to whether theyshall allow their servants to grow round them inignorance, as the laws demand, or 'obey Godrather than man,' and teach them to 'search theScriptures.' We have reason to know that someare teaching their slaves in secret, whose sole protectionfrom their own State is that their slavescannot testify against them! And there must be,in the nature of things, many who are constantlyoppressed with the fact that we are-faith lessenough in not improving our own talents, withouta consciousness of our uniting to bury the talentof our helpless fellow-creatures, whose elevationGod has confided to us. Your memorialists have forborne to place theirappeal on the lower grounds of interest; for itwould be charging our fellow-citizens with ignobletimidity to suppose them afraid to do right: andwe believe that they will acknowledge that honesty,even in the old Human sense—embracing all thatis right toward God and man—is the best policy;and that in being true to the higher relations oflife, we are truest to ourselves, our families, andour State. But there is nothing that the history,of this race has made more manifest to our mindsthan that whatever is to be apprehended from them,is to be feared from their being neglected, not fromtheir being cared for; from having their naturaland domestic affections outraged and blunted, notfrom their inteneration and protection; from theirignorance, not their intelligence. Your memorialists would furthermore submit,that they will yield to none in love of the State,and reference, for her history and noble sons Theyknow no better way to testify that love, than byasking these reforms; and they would be authorizedby their writings and remains, in attaching tothis petition the names of those who have in timespast loved Virginia best, and given her renown overthe world. Their sympathies and interests being identifiedwith their State, they unite in rejecting any foreigninterference with this subject, by any Government,State or Federal. But above all, they would scornthe idea as unworthy, that another a folly shouldbe our wisdom, and that anything said or agitatedabroad should influence us to a base antagonism,which should leave our duty to this race unperformed. Your memorialists rejoice to see indications inthe South, that show how the sense is becomingfelt of the great responsibility she has assumed inrejecting all interference from without with thetemporal and spiritual well-being of this race. Onus, and us only, fall the care and responsibility oftheir joys and grief—their elevation or degradation.In Louisiana the laws prohibit the separation ofparents and young children, and the same policyhas been engaging legislative attention in Georgiaand Alabama In South Carolina, such modificationsof the code on slavery, as we have called toyour attention, have been advocated by many ablewriters and jurists—among whom we may mentionDr. Fuller, a large slaveholder and able minister,and Judge O'Neal. In Maryland, free coloredpersons have their own schools, and with the mostencouraging results. In Louisiana, their schoolsare not only permitted, but assisted by money frompublic funds.  Shall Virginia be the last to feel this movement,and, showing her respect for the liberty of consciencewhich our lathers scoured us, no longerrisk the general respect for her policy by theinhumanity of a few laws and usages? All of which is respectfully submitted. 
