 The President is severely censured by the pressfor his disquisition on the 'Constitutional Relationsof slavery,' introduced into his annualmessage. We copy the remarks of some of ourcontemporaries. The Philadelphia American andGazette says:— American andGazette says 'This extraordinary document, which has beenthrust upon the country in violation of all formerprecedent, and without, so far as we can perceive,any public necessity to justify the departure fromsettled usage, is calculated, if indeed it was notexpressly intended, to de grievous mischief. Wedo not speak now of those passages which relate toour foreign affairs, or to the internal administrationof the government, but of the disquisition on the'Constitutional Relations of Slavery,' which, inour judgment, is as wholly out of place in theannual message of the Chief Magistrate of theRepublic—the head not of a section, but theNation—as it is insulting and offensive to thewhole northern portion of the confederacy. We can verywell understand why President Pierce, at thisparticular juncture, when delegates are about tobe elected to a National Convention of his party,should seek to conciliate Southern favor, and weare quite willing that he should do so withinmodest and decent bounds: but the abjections ofhis submission almost surpasses belief, and, if wemistake not, will disgust even those whom it wasintended to flatter. Among the many objectionablepronouncements against the North which have,from time to time, been issued by the Governors ofSouthern States, we do not remember any one inwhich the assumptions of wrong doing on the partof the free Commonwealths of this Union have beenmore unblushingly asserted, or the gentle, patient,forbearing spirit of our slaveholding kinsfolk morepathetically set forth, than in the manifesto signedby the gentleman from New Hampshire, who atpresent occupies the Presidential chair. It willtrouble his Excellency, Gov. Wise of Virginia, tomatch it. Of course, Mr. Pierce knew that such declarationsas he has here solemnly put on record couldhave no other effect than to rouse a sentiment ofindignation throughout the Northern States, andrenew and increase that agitation which all truepatriots desire to act forever quieted. And withsuch knowledge, he will be held justly responsiblefor the consequences of his act—an act which weare sure the more conservative of his own partycannot but lament, as one that will be certain tostir up bitterness and strife, in and out of Congress,to a degree that, even with all the elementsof disturbance previously existing, but for thiscould not have been paralleled. After reading this portion of the message, wecan see good reason why it was not submitted to aCabinet meeting, for it is not possible that thecitizens of New York and Pennsylvania, who wouldhave formed part of such a council, could havementioned or even submitted to such imputationson the loyalty and patriotism of the great Statusthey represent, as are necessarily involved in thesegeneral sweeping denunciations.' The Springfield Republican says: Republican 'But the great topic of the message, evidentlythe most labored and carefully prepared, and yetconstituting the great weakness and defect of thedocument, is its partisan and sectional argument,and appeal on the subject of slavery. As a leaderin the Washington Union, it would have been incharacter. In a speech by Frank Piero on thestump in New Hampshire, it would have been avery creditable effort on the wrong side. But inthe messenger of the President of the United Statesto Congress, it is monstrous and disgraceful. ThePresident should have made this gross bid forshareholding support in a letter, and not in hisannual message. Not only in the manner but thesubstance of this mere partisan appeal, he layshimself open largely to the severest censure, andwill get it.' Union  
