 The New Haven Register publishes the followingextract from a private from a lady (formerlyof New Haven county,) for the last five years aresident of Western Missouri, (as principal of anacademy,) to her brother in New Haven, dated Register 'MIAMI, Saline Co., Nov. 26. 1855. IAMI You ask me to tell you something about the Kansasand Missouri troubles. Of course, You knowin what they have originated. There is no denyingbut what the Missourians have determined to controlthe elections, if possible; and I don't knowthat their measures would be justifiable, exceptupon the principle of self-preservation; and that,you know, is the first law of nature. They certainlyhad just as good a right to go there and vote,as the abolition party at the north had to send theirminions by the hundreds and thousands, who hadno other business there. Had the question beenleft to be decided by the actual settlers of the territory.Missouri would never have interfered. However,it was not upon the right or wrong of thequestion, that I intended to say anything; butupon the character of those whom the northernpress has assailed with all the opprobrious epithetsthat could be thought of. I know, either personallyor by report, a large majority of the man whohave been in these expeditions from Lafayette andSaline counties, end presume they may be regardedas a tolerable fair sample of the balance; andI do assure you that they are the very best portionof society, and as good men and true as can befound in any portion of our country—men distinguishedfor character and integrity, and everyvirtue that renders a man a valuable, citizen.(!)Many of them are professors of religion, and of unblemishedChristian character.(!!) Such I know tobe a large proportion of the leaders of these expeditions.These are the men whom the northernpress stigmatize as "String fellow's myrmidons,""cut-throats," "ruffians," "rowdies," and thelike. Many of them are professors of religion, and of unblemishedChristian character. know That there are some wild, hot-headed young fellowsamong them is likely, and to be expected;but such as I have described to you, so far as myknowledge extends, is the character of those whohave determined to meet the aggressions of theabolitionists, in defence of what they regard astheir rights; and were you here, I think you wouldbid them "God speed."' 
