 The Washington correspondents of some of theso-called religious papers are dilating of late onthe Christian virtues of FRANKLIN PIERCE. He isdescribed as a model Sabbath keeper, a punctualattendant on the preaching of the Gospel and theprayer meeting, as a man of prayer, who keeps upfamily worship, asks a blessing at his table, &c.All of this seems to he very grateful to the feelingsof these pious letter-writers, who evidentlyregard the President as almost if not altogetherfit for the honors of saintship. RANKLIN IERCE. Do these men seriously consider the tendency ofsuch teachings? Can they not see that their effectmust be to bring the very name of the Christianreligion into reproach? The public administrationof FRANKLIN PIERCE has two prominent characteristics:Imbecile weakness, and God-defying wickedness.He has sent ships of war to batter downand burn the houses of unoffending people, againstwhom nothing could be alleged, except that theysought to bring an atrocious murderer to justice.In violation of his solemn oath to support the lawsand maintain the peace of the country, he has beheldthe infant settlements of Kansas invaded byhordes of armed assassins, and all manner of outragecommitted against the citizens, without an effortto prevent it. Nay, he has manifestly winkedat these infamous proceedings, and has extendedthe patronage of the government to the paper bywhich they were mainly incited. Cold-bloodedmurder is one of the pastimes of these marauders,whose leaders bask in the sunshine of executivefavor. The late message of the President isdistinguished beyond all its predecessors, for its serviletruckling to the slave oligarchy, and for itsreckless perversions of the truth of history. Andyet in the face of all these disgraceful facts, a raceof clerical toadies are uttering their solemn cantover the virtues and piety of the President. Theyevidently consider his many public crimes and misdemeanorsas nothing at all inconsistent with Christiancharacter. Let them succeed in producingthis impression, and Christianity must sink intothe same contempt and abhorrence with which thepublic acts of the President are regarded by allupright men. The open enemies of Christianitynever aimed, so fatal a stab at her vitals. THOMASPAINE'S infidelity is not a tenth part so dangerousas theirs. RANKLIN IERCE HOMAS AINE'S It is strange that these clerical sycophants cannotsee that they most be despised by the men theyflatter. Although PIERCE and his adherents may,through motives of policy, smile on their flatterers,yet it is not in human nature to feel for them anythingbut contempt. So long as they can be usedto debauch the religion of the country, and preventit uttering its protest against the public crimesof the President, they will be caressed. But whenno longer wanted for this purpose, they will bespurned aside with the contempt they deserve.How different the spirit of these fawners from thatof glorious old HUGH LATIMER, who could say tothe bloody and lecherous tyrant of England:'Whoremongers and adulterers God will judge.'How different from the spirit of the heroic Apostle,before whose reasoning's of 'righteousness, temperance,and a judgment to coma,' the guilty FELIXtrembled! IERCE UGH ATIMER ELIX 
