 A bill has recently been introduced into onehouse of the Legislature of Georgia, for the purposeof colonizing Kansas with pro-slavery men.The Richmond Enquirer last summer contained anelaborate article, and a strong appeal to the youngmen of Virginia, exhorting twenty thousand ofthem to enlist for two years for the purpose of goingto Kansas, and fixing the destiny of that newterritory in favor of slavery. And recently thereappeared in the Columbus (Ga.) Times the followingarticle:— Enquirer Times  I wish to raise 300 industrious, sober, discreet,reliable men, capable of hearing arms; not proneto use them wickedly or unnecessarily, but willingto protect their section on every real emergency. Idesire to start with them for Kansas by the 20th ofFebruary next. To such I will guaranty the donationof a homestead of forty acres of first-rateland, a free passage to Kansas, and the means ofsupport for the first year. To ministers of thegospel, mechanics, and those with good military oragricultural outfits, I will offer greater inducements.Besides devoting $20,000 of my ownmeans to this enterprise, I expect all those whoknow and have confidence in me, and who feel aninterest in the cause, to contribute as much as theyare able. I will give to each contributor my obligationthat for every fifty dollars so contributed,I will, within six months thereafter, place in Kansasone bona fide settler, able and willing to vote,and fight if need be, for our section, or in defaultof doing so, that I will, on demand, refund thedonation with interest from the day of its receipt.I will keep an account of the obligations so issued,and each successive one shall specify one emigrantmore than its immediate predecessor—thus, No.1shall pledge me to take one emigrant, No.2 two,No.3 three, &c., &c., and if the State makes acontribution, it shall he divided into sums of fiftydollars each, and numbered accordingly. Here isyour cheapest and surest chance to do somethingfor Kansas—something toward holding againstFree Soil hordes this great Thermopyl of Southerninstitutions. In this their day of darkness,nay, of extreme peril, there ought to be, thereneeds must be, great individual sacrifice, or theycannot be maintained. If we cannot find manywho are willing to incur great and equal individualloss in the common cause—if we cannot find somecrazy enough to peril even life in the deadly breach,then it is not because individuals have grown moreprudent and wise, but because public virtue hasdecayed, and thereby we have already become unequalto the successful defense of our rights.  November 26th, 1855. J. BUFORD. 
