 LONDON, March 6th, 1847. ONDON, DEAR GARRISON: EAR ARRISON You will see, if you see our London newspapers,that there has been a very numerous meeting ofsome of the leading noblemen and gentlemen ofEngland—men of high standing in the scientific,literary and political world—on the subject of theheartless extinction of the republic of Cracow, andits absorption into and under the leader despotismof Austria; heartless, soul-crushing Austria. The objectof their resolutions is to express their own, and todraw forth the expression of the moral sentiment ofmankind, against the conduct of the mind-crus her ofthe world. I hope that America, or those in Americawho feel the importance of expressing their abhorrenceof injustice, and of thee strengthening publicopinion in favor of truth and right, will give forththeir utterance against his great sin. Public opinion is daily increasing in strength andinfluence, and the expression of it nationally, or byleading men in nations, and particularly upon internationalsubjects, is rapidly increasing in potency,and consequently in utility. The personal intercommunication of the subjectsof these despots with nations that are mere advancedin moral and political freedom is greatly increasing,and whatever opens to freemen a clearer perceptionof the principles of freedom, and strengthens them tothe expression of those sentiments in the presenceand hearing of the slaves of despotism, finds willingauditors in them; much more willing than they dareavow; and from whom the sentiment will pass totheir children, and fructify in the regions of thenorth of Europe, when the instruments who hadsown the, sentiment have forgotten that they haddone so. This is peculiarly the time when knowledge is runningto and fro in the earth. A more enlarged schemeof action has been conceived to promote the causeof national lave and of universal progress. 'A people'sinternational league ' has been formed to promotethe unity of humanity, in aid of which it seeksthe unity of nations. 'The sentiment,' says their address,'enthusiastically responded to by the humaninstincts of a Roman audience, even in Rome's mostcorrupt days, Christian England has yet to extendand apply to international interests. We are a nation,and nothing that concerns other nations do we deemsforeign to us. Through good and evil report, to thisprinciple we must firmly adhere, it we would haveour claim of 'teaching the nations how to live' heldfor more than an idle boast. It is not enough thatwe have established, and are resolute to further andmaintain, our own freedom and nationality. Ourwishes and endeavors must lend to secure the sameblessings for other countries. As no man will reachheaven who seeks to reach it alone, so no nation willever develops the highest and most enduring formsof national life, while it is contented to remain thepassive and uninterested spectator of the onward andupward struggles of kindred people.' We are a nation,and nothing that concerns other nations do we deemsforeign to us. Acting upon this view, I have been reviewing theprogress made in England and America during thelast forty years; and in a letter of mine to DouglasJerrold's Weekly Journal, a paper which has a largecirculation, and is doing an immensity of good inEngland, I have recently reviewed that progress, asI had done in a letter to you published in the Liberatorwithin the last few months. In adapting that letter to the atmosphere in whichit was to be read, I took an opportunity of doingyou and your friends that justice, which your andtheir exertions in the cause of liberty and humanprogress and of the slave, so justly entitled you. Isend you, by the same mail which will convey thisletter, a copy of Douglas Jerrold's Weekly Newspaperof last Saturday, because you will see in it whatwill be to you gratifying evidences of the progressyou and the cause of anti-slavery are making in England. There are several instances in which this subjectis alluded to; and with us and our press, it is neveralluded to but to be contemned. This a great thingfor a man to be able to say, in whose day the slave-tradewas so popular in one of the principal townsand ports of this country, that an abolionist, known tobe so, was not only frowned upon by the rich andinfluential, but was in danger of personal violence. Now, we have not only got rid of the slave-trade—converted the legislature amongst whom weresome of the richest owners of slaves—abolished slavery—paid twenty millions of money, and emancipatedour slaves; but have turned the current of publicsympathy from the support of slavery into an abhorrenceof the system, and made our whole peoplea nation of abolitionists. So completely are our people changed, that evenyour reverend Doctors, the keepers of 'Jim Crow pews,'are obliged to profess themselves as the opponentsof slavery, in order to obtain for themselvesa social standing when they come here. Now whenthey come, they find themselves standing foot to footwith black freemen, not only claiming but exercisingequal rights on the platform, and beating back bythe sheer force of intellect the Reverend and hypocriticalDoctors. I inclose the Address of the Council of the InternationalLeague, which we commend to the perusalof those who desire progress. Yours, faithfully, EDWARD SEARCH.' (1)For this Address, see our last page. (1)For this Address, see our last page. 
