 EDINBURGH, 6th month, 27th, 1847. DINBURGH, MY DEAR FRIEND: Y EAR RIEND I had wished to procure a newspaper with the reportof the meeting of the Free Church Anti-SlaverySociety, held on the 12th, but I find none sufficientlyfall to convey the enthusiastic nature of themeeting, or the character of the speakers. Many ofthese were very good; but the speech of the eveningwas delivered by 'the Rev' Isaac Nelson of Belfast.It was brilliant. Many of our friends remarked,that they had never heard George Thompson deliveredhimself more beautifully; and he was particularlyhappy in refusing certain charges made againsthim by Dr. Cunningham, of misrepresentation, andthis misrepresentation borrowed from H.C. Wright.The humor brought into play was far more effectivethan any serious explanation could have been. Thenumbers who are being added to this Society are dailyincreasing, and the progress one year has shown,must give encouragement to persevere, in the confidenthope, that next year will produce a ten-fold increaseAssembly, which commences on the 20th.Many eyes of both worlds are turned towards itsproceedings, and it remains to be proved, whethermight or right will triumph, whether the vital doctrinesof our blessed Saviour will be upheld orwhether Christianity will be again outraged by theattempts to make it a eanctioner of sin. the speech of the evening We have just received the Liberator, and are gladto find that dear F.D. is again safely landed in hisown country. May blessings rest on him and his laborseverywhere. A circumstance has occurred within the last fort night,in this city, which I am sure will call forththy warm sympathy and interest, I do not know ifthou canst recollect the Armours, a very zealousfamily in the Anti-Slavery, Peace and Temperancecauses. The second son, John, a youth of 18 yearsof age, has long been seriously reflecting and judgingfor himself on the requirement of the gospel;and for the last two years, the subject of oath-takinghad been before his mind. He had weighed the matterwell, and had, searched, carefully the Scriptures,but found no way of escape from the command ofChrist—'Swear not at all.' He was an apprenticedclerk in a Savings' Bank, and a case of fraud occurring,all the clerks were required to give evidence.The day of trial came. Twelve, witnesses were examined,and each, as he entered the box, raised hishand, and swore to speak the truth. The 13th wasJohn Armour. He looked pale, but firm and calm,His mother was, present: she wondered if his resolutionwould be shaken; but when the oath wastendered, he modestly but candidly replied, 'I cannotswear.' The sheriff asked upon what ground'My conscience will not permit me to disobey thecommand of Jesus.' 'Where do you find it.' 'Swearnot at all,' was the reply. The sheriff than said,'You are young to maintain such opinions contraryto those so many wise and good men. when didyou first hold them? 'Since I began to think formyself,' was the undaunted reply. After many offacts to shake his conscientious determination, hewas sentenced to one month's imprisonment in thecommon prison! The prison dress was put uponhim, and his parents were not allowed to see him fortwo weeks! What comments are requisite on themartyr-spirit of this boy, or on the spirit of intoleranceand persecution still alive in the jurisdictionof this country! 'Swear not at all.' Swearnot at all, 
