 London, April 30, 1847. ondon, MY DEAR SIR: Y EAR IR Since my last, Frederick Douglass has taken hisdeparture. Previously to leaving, some friends inLondon got up a farewell Series at the London Tavern,which was very numerously attended. GeorgeThompson, Esq. presided on the occasion. Amongthe speakers were the Rev. J. Tod Brown, Wm.Howitt, F. Bannock, Esq., Rev. Dr. F.A. Cox, Dr. Osley,Dr. Esdin, W.H. Ashurst, and D.W. Ware,Esq. Mr. Douglass delivered one of his host approaches,which is about to be published for general-circulation. host approaches, During his recent stay in London, he became extensivelyknown, which occasioned the Series to bevery well attended. A report of the proceedingsappeared in several of the London papers. Some circumstances connected with his departure,as by this time you are aware, occasioned a considerableamount of excitement, which the letter of Mr.Cunard may appear to have terminated. To anymind, however, it is anything but satisfactory; for,setting aside the absence of any thing like redressto Frederick Douglass, I very much fear that thegeneral interpretation of Mr. Canard's note may befound to be an erroneous one. Looking at it with anunsuspicious eye, it does appear that should a coloredperson apply for a berth in future, no resistancewould be offered to his obtaining it; but there isalso another way of preventing the recurrence ofsuch a scene as Frederick Douglass witnessed atLiverpool, viz: by refusing henceforward to, issue,tickets, under any circumstances, for first classberths, to colored persons. I would fain hope, however,that the Company will not resort to such a suicidalcourse as this; it would never that with infamy. The letter of Mr. Mclver is open to the strongest,reprobation. I wonder if he exacted the promise towhich he refers from the slaveholders, the actualauthors of the disturbance on board the Cambria,when they returned to the United States. Consistencyrequires this; since be declares that the colorof Mr. Douglass had nothing to do with the treatmenthe had experienced. The rapid progress of any philanthropic movement,not apparently and immediately bearing onthe welfare of the community here, is much impededby the circumstances in which the poor of theseislands are placed at this moment. Every sinewof the really philanthropic is strained for the sustenanceof the perishing, whilst many of thosewho are surfeited with wealth look on all unconcerned.Of these it was well said, 'your gold andsilver are cankered; and the rust of them shall be asilver are against you, and shall eat your flesh as itwere fire.' They know nothing of the luxury ofgiving; of becoming poor, that the poor may be rich.I trust, however, that better days are coming for thepoor, and outcast, and oppressed, and for the friendsof freedom throughout the world. I remain, my dear sir, Yours very truly, R. SMITH. P.S. The above was just too late for the last mail.I have, however, a few words to add, since the abovewas written. I am just returned (May 17th) frombe annual meeting of the British and Foreign Anti-SlaverySociety. Dr. Lushington presided. Thespeakers were Sir George Strickland, Rev, J. Angus,Secretary of the Baptist Missionary Society, Rev.W. Boucker, a French protestant, Henry Clapp, Jr.,Rev. W. Gloucester, Philadelphia, and Elihu Burritt.Mr. Burritt ably and fervently advocated totalabstinence from slave produce, but it fell upon theear as a worn out expedient; although, in reality, ithas never, to the extent he recommended, been tried.A more likely expedient would be free scope for theemployment of capital in British India. Henry Clapp,Jr., gave a sketch of the Anti-Slavery cause in America.He threw a good deal of spirit into hisspeech, and when he mentioned the name of Mr.Garrison as the pioneer of immediate emancipation,the audience, which had bean exceedingly heavy,were suddenly electrified, and, bursting into threehearty rounds of applause, lighted up the scene withanimation. Mr. Clapp spoke very respectfully of theGarrison party, as seeking their ends by moral suasion,but considered that the Liberty party werestronger and more numerous, and likely to carry thequestion by their agency. He dwelt particularly upontheir superiority in newspaper efficiency, stating that,whilst the Garrison party had only 4 or 5 journals,the other had above 40. His allusion to the treatmentof Frederick Douglass, by the, agents of theCambria, was warmly applauded. and likely to carry thequestion by their agency. Our general meeting is to be held at FinsburyChapel, when we shall submit a substantive resolutionon the subject of F. Douglass and the CunardCompany. R.S. 
