 In 1830-31, Virginia was an abolition State. Therewas more abolitionism preached in the Virginia Legislature,at that time, by her leading men, than hasbeen heard since in New York or New England.The state was on the eve of a prospective abolitionof slavery,— when the abolition party of the Northand West began to spring into notice, and hushedall such discussion thus going on there, in Marylandand Kentucky, and elsewhere in the slaveStates. But for abolitionism, Virginia, Kentucky,and Maryland would have been now free States—all black children being born free, and only themiddle-aged and the old held to slavery. abolition abolitionism abolitionism, When abolitionism began its political agitation,it would have been impossible to bring Florida intothe Union as she was brought in, with a Constitutionmaking abolition by statue impossible. Floridawas the first of the Southern States that calledfor such a Constitution, and she did it in resistanceand defiance of abolitionism. Since abolitionism was known as a party. Texashas, been brought into the Union, with a Constitutionlike that of Florida, but with a territory largeenough for four or six slave States. Indeed, theabolitionists aided this annexation by the way theyvoted. Before abolitionism was known as a party, itwas easy to prohibit slavery in Territories, as NathanDane's Ordnance in 1787, prohibited it inOhio, Indiana, and Illinois,—but now it is impossibleto pass the Wilmot Proviso, prohibiting slaveryin territories to be annexed from a foreigncountry to this our Union. The South even laysdown the principle, that it is a concession on herpart to agree to prohibit shivery north of 36-30, andif Mr. Clay had not induced such a compromise onthe Missouri question, the South would never thinkof it again, but would demand that slavery shouldexist in Oregon as well as in Texas. to be from Thus under the agitation of abolitionism, slaveryhas been 'progressing' in the United States, andnow has the control of the Government through theUnited States Senate. Not a Treaty can be madewithout its assent: and when united, it is unconquerable,and controls the action of the Government.Men of the closet, like Professor M'Clinitock,may think other wise, but a sixty days' residencein Washington would impress upon him thefact. The North can never be united. The numberof venal men is so large, that that enough of themCan always he bought up to give slavery a majority,whereas the South from self-interest must beunited on this subject For proof of this, see thelast vote on the Wilmot Proviso. There never was a greater mistake made thanas fancy that the Anti-Slavery sentiment of thiscountry is greater now than it was before the Abolitionistsbegan their mischievous agitation. Thewhole country, on the contrary, South as well asNorth, was anti-slavery, when the subject was soably discussed in Virginia. Then, not a humanbeing defended slavery in the abstract, not evenin South Carolina,—but now there are powerful unsaysput forth for the institution/or the institution in all parts of theSouth. Meanwhile, the disgust that the Abolitionistshave created in the North, has disarmed theanti-slavery sentiment here of its moral force. Thesubject has been in such fanatical hands, that thereal anti-slavery sentiment of the North is yet dormant,or it only breaks out on the Wilmot Proviso,as it did on the annexation of Texas, which, however,we have reason to believe, from past experience,the spoils at Washington can at any time control. for spoils California can only be saved from slavery by thepreponderance of free immigration, He who truststo Congress or the public sentiment of this country,to keep slavery from the Pacific Ocean, leansupon a broken reed. —New York Express. New York Express. 
