 FOURTH DAY. OURTH AY. Dr. Schmucker, Dr. Lewis, Rev. Mr. Lucky, Dr.Lensing and the Chair made some explanation asto the suggestion which had been made by Dr.Patton, that the present was not a meeting of theAlliance, but a mere preparatory Conference, preliminaryto the meeting next Tuesday. Dr Perk hoped that the painful discussion, inwhich they had been engaged, painful though conductedin the best spirit, might not be protractedand renewed on Tuesday. After some further explanation, it was without avote agreed that the present be regarded as a regularmeeting of the Alliance. On motion of Dr. Schmucker, it was resolvedthat speeches hereafter be limited to fifteen minutes. Dr. Lansing's conscience could not allow so importanta subject to pass away, without an expressionof his views and feelings. With relation toslaveholders, his had been the prayer of David,'Gather not my soul with sinners, nor ray life withbloody men.' He had felt that they could not enterinto union with such men, without violating theessential principles of the Gospel of the Saviour.And when the President had introduced his substitutefor the fifth article, he had feared that, in thespirit of compromise, they were going too far.But on a minute examination, on going home atnight, and reflecting carefully upon it, he foundit was just what he wanted. He had been sorrowful,fearing that the union might be perpetrated,but not accomplished. He had feared, too, thatthey should in the effort do nothing for the institutionof Slavery. But with particular gratitude heregarded the resolution, now proposed. It wouldunite them all. He had himself previously writtena definition of Slavery, with a view to present itto the Conference, embodying the very principleswhich it set forth. He hoped, then, it would meetthe views of all, and that all might harmonize uponit. What they wanted was to units upon agrand basis, upon a basis on which they might togetherdo good. This was such a basis. It leftthe door open to all that was good, and only shutout that most inestimable, and dreadful evil. Slavery. Dr. Peck was, in favor of the amendment ofChief Justice Horn blower, for several reasons, andparticularly because it was met so heartily by theiresteemed and venerated friend Dr. De Witt Ifthey should do anything to weaken his seal andcripple his energies, they would suffer a great loss.The denomination to which he belonged was atower of strength. He was rejoiced at the spiritof the meeting, and the declaration of severalbrethren, that they would go with the Conference,whatever its decisions. This was the spirit whichprevailed in the Conference in London, and whichbrought all into harmony there. He went entirelyfor the amendment of the President. Dr. Lewis said he did not knew why they werenot ready for the question. Rev. Mr. Wheelock could not let the subject pass,without stating his views. He was against the introductionof Slavery at all. As it was, he hadsome fears as to the language of the amendment.He feared it was not sufficiently definite, and thatit left the door open to perpetual agitation of thequestion. Abolition might prove a festering sore,unless they now took lively measures against it. Rev. Mr. Menu, of Salem, Mass., feared that theamendment was not sufficiently explicit. It didnot make it impossible for a slaveholder to becomea member of the Alliance. He could not fellowshipwith one who held his fellow-man as property. Dr. Olin (President of the Wesleyan University,Middletown, Ct.) regretted that it had not beenpossible for him to be there before to participatein the deliberations of the Conference. He had,however, made himself master of the proceedings,as far as they appeared in The Tribune, whichseemed to contain fair reports; he had also understoodfrom others that they were so. For himself,he was not prepared to vote for either of the propositionsrelating to slavery, now before the Conference.His views as to the prospects of the Alliancewere not encouraging. He had recently visitedmany parts of New-England, and had met individualsand ecclesiastical bodies there, and hadhad opportunities of making himself acquaintedwith the state of public sentiment in that quarter,both of ministers and churches. From this knowledge,he felt that it was a difficult task to form sucha basis, and begin such a movement, as wouldunite in one body all the Evangelical Christiana ofthe land. The first principle for them to lay down shouldbe, that they must nut proceed with the Alliancewithout a fair prospect of enlarging the sphere ofChristian Union to a degree beyond that alreadyexisting. He hoped they might succeed in doingthis. But it was a subject environed with greatdifficulties; and of the propositions before the Conference,be doubted whether wader either, theycould unite, to any desirable extent, the various interestsand opinions of this Christian land. Theirproceedings might have one of two operations.First, they might exclude slaveholders; second,they might exclude the warm opponents of Slavery.These two things were to be looked at. In this regard, the first inquiry must be, what isright? Under no circumstances could they includein the organization what was wrong. They mustnot be guilty of any infidelity to their commonChristianity, and to humanity. But, having decidedwhat was right, there was a large scope fee theconsideration of what was expedient. What, then,would be the effect of adopting either of theseresolutions? If they should adopt the first, (meaning that ofMr. Chaney,) they would exclude the entire South.Though all members of Southern Churches, andall ministers of Southern Churches, were not slaveholders,yet they sympathize with them by birthand education, and with them would be implicitly,if not explicitly, kept out of the Alliance. Theresolution in question would also exclude all thatpart of the Church at the North, which held whatwas commonly called a conservative position. TheCongregational and Presbyterian Churches wouldbe repelled by such a course. The A.B.C.F.M.would not sympathize with the exclusion of theSouth: the Methodist Church would also be excluded. On the other hand, a large body of the Church,who were more advanced in Anti-Slavery sentiments,would rejoice at such an article. Indeed,any considerable number of those who were of thatway of thinking. There were many men of muchinfluence, leading men, who might there be broughtinto the Association, but nothing has decided couldsatisfy them. But while a basis excluding slaveholders wouldembody those decided in opposition to Slavery, itcould do little more than that, though indeed therewere many of those advanced ministers and laymen,who were serious to become members of theAlliance, and who might enter it, though they hadto go farther than usual in the expression of hostilityto Slavery. But if the Alliance came to thisnecessity, it would be a thing to be regretted. Theyshould avoid an issue of this sort. Better form noAlliance at all, than to do anything which shouldlead Christians abroad to believe the AmericanChurch net to be equally in sentiment opposedto Slavery. Better dissolve the Conference, giveup all present attempts at Association, and adhereto the Christian Union they now had, than form anew one which should exclude a great portion ofthe Church. As for Slavery, he bad always been sorry thanthe subject was introduced at the meeting, in London.It was there the source of great and overwhelming difficulties, as all knew. It was thenhis conviction, and the conviction had been strengthenedby everything he had read and heard in thiscountry, that they could not form an Alliance anddevelops a larger portion of Christian Union, thanthey now enjoyed, if they said anything aboutSlavery. It was unfortunate that, in discussingany measure before a body like this, or that in London,whose doings were published to all the world—a subject at first of little consequence, assumedan immense magnitude. After such an ordeal, itcould no longer be excluded. The very fact thatit was discussed, end that the discussion was madepublic, gave it new features. So here the debateon Slavery bad brought the question into such aposition, that they must new meet it in someform. In this cast, he feared that they mightmake their basis too narrow. There was grantdanger of their doing so, and of incurring the insultof it. God alone knew if they should got overthe difficulty. He had labored and prayed over itIt was the only serious difficulty in the way of theprogress of the Alliance—and while they owed itto the cause, if they said anything, to speak plainlyand any the truth, they owed it to the duty of obtaininga larger Christian Union, to speak so as notto give offence. They ought to be careful not torender it impossible for Southern men to comeinto the Alliance, however much they might desireit. The proposition to discriminate between twoclasses of slaveholders was an impracticable one—it could not be carried into practice. They couldnot distinguish between members of Southernchurches, taking some as Christians, and sayingthat others were not Christians at all. They mustleave them all standing on one platform, and guidedby their own consciences. With a view tomeet all the difficulties of the case, as far as possible,he had hastily prepared a declaration, whichhe would read. [Dr. Olin having spoken for fifteen minutes, hewas interrupted by the chair, under the rule, butthe meeting unanimously decided that he mightgo on.] He then read his resolution, and spoke further insupport of it. The resolution previously considered havingbeen laid upon the table, Dr. Olin's resolution wasintroduced. Dr. Bond would receive this, though it did notwholly meet his views. He wished to have theUnion a Christian Union, and that could not be aChristian Union to which those who held slavesfor gain were admitted. Christian Dr. Baird felt disposed to prefer the substitute,of the President, yet would not quarrel with that,brought forward by Dr. Olin. He had deprecatedthe introduction of Slavery, and had seen that itwould he an embarrassing thing. The better idea,he believed, would be to adhere to the simple purposeof Christian Union. Or if they most rally theProtestant world on anything beyond that, theymight unite for the purpose originally contemplatedat the first conception of the idea, the extinction ofRomanism. He would greatly prefer to omit Slaveryaltogether. But when the formation of theAlliance was especially committed to the Britishbrethren, he knew that It would be introduced;and if from the circumstances of this country, anyexpression was rendered necessary, he should preferthat proposed by the President. He could notgo with the Abolitionists. He must judge for himself;if he could not agree with them, they had nogood right to denounce him as a pro-slavery men.And yet that was the drift of all their doings. Thetime would come when there would not be aChurch in the land, which would not openly condemnShivery. But the time had not come yet.There were too many difficulties in the way, toomany obstacles in the South. He should greatlyprefer that the subject should be avoided, butsince it was in among them, he should go for theproposition before them. Dr. Patton had listened with great interest to theremarks of Dr. Olin. But when his substitutecame, be was disappointed. The Doctor seemedto be looking one way, and rowing another. Amere declaration would be like heat lightning,which would shine, but strike nowhere. Insteadof needing to be smoothed down, it wanted roughingup. It said nothing positive. It did nothing.If they could not fellowship with Southern slaveholdersfor gain, they ought to say so outright. Dr. Patton then went into an examination of thevarious resolutions, amendments, substitutes, &c.and argued in favor of making a discriminationbetween those slaveholders who might be receivedas members of the Alliance, and those who mightnot. He was well satisfied, that they must takesome stand by which it should be distinctly knownwhat they did mean. With Dr. Olin's resolution,any slaveholder might come in, and join the Alliance.The Alliance must say, 'Gentlemen of theSouth, this is an abominable evil, and we cannotreceive those Of you who support it, and engage init with all your hearts; but we have a tender sympathywith those who are in such a position againsttheir will, and to those we give the hand of Christianfellowship.' Rev. Mr. Lillie, (not of Carllsle, Pa. but of thiscity,) said that the subject of Slavery did not properlybelong to the object of the Alliance. Theirmain purpose was Christian Union, and thatshould not be left for another. If the end of meddlingwith the matter was to preserve a connectionwith the general Alliance, and a Union withBritish Christiana, he doubted whether they couldeffect it. If he had at all understood the actionof the British branch, they made no discrimination.They would not tolerate slaveholders intheir organization. Unless the American Allianceshould occupy the same ground, there could beno fraternity between them. No proposal, exceptbrother Chaney's, could at all come up to the viewsof the British brethren. (Dr. Bond and Dr.Schmucker interrupted the speaker to correct thisimpression.) The General Conference of the Britishbrethren took the ground of entire exclusion ofslaveholders. (Dr. Peck explained.) He was happyto be corrected. He had certainly so understoodit, but was glad to know that it was not so.Mr. L. concluded, by saying that he was ready tovote for such a paper as that offered by the President,though he would have greatly preferred thatthe subject should not be introduced at all. (Our report of Mr. Lillie's remarks on Saturday,did not do him quite justice, owing to the loss ofour full notes of his speech and to haste, by whichone' or two words were omitted. We should havework him say that 'he would not now take suchextreme ground as wholly to refuse fellowshipwith Christians, because they were slaveholders.'Mr. L. still claims to be an Abolitionist.] Dr. Bond proposed that the vote should now betaken. Rev. Mr. Lackey proposed that Dr. Phillen'ssubstitute should first be discussed. Dr. Olin made some explanations. What theywanted, was basis on which they could bring incontributions from all quarters. If they shouldcombine half the Presbyterians, half the Methodists,it would not be what they desired. Thosebodies were already tolerably united within themselves. Rev. Mr. Wilson spoke at length on the generalpurposes and history of the Alliance. It was apromise of the millenium, and Satan had shown,himself active in opposition to it. He went on toargue against the introduction of slavery. Thenmust rise above all minor objects, if they would doanything worthy of this great cause. He approvedin word, of the proposition by Dr. Olin, beyondall others, not because it expressed his mind onthe subject of Slavery, but because it came thenearest of all, to giving the subject the go-by, andthat without assigning much reason. He wasagainst any such discrimination as that advocatedby several of the speakers. Rev. Mr. McCran recognized a distinction betweendifferent classes of slaveholders, He spokeat length against Slavery. Dr. Lewis moved that the second paragraph ofthe fifth article be appended to Dr. Olin's resolution,and spoke in detail in favor of using mild language. Dr. Bond could not vote for the resolutionshould it be so amended. Dr. Leasing thought that if they wished to promoteunion throughout the Christian world, theymust first have union among themselves. He hadfire enough in him to come up to the amendmentof brother Patton; that said what he wished tohave said. He could also go a little down, andvote for the resolution of the President; that wasa modification and reduction of brother Patton's;he had also made up his mind to go a little lower,and take she resolution of brother Olin. If hecould not have what he wanted, be would takewhat he could get. But he could not go for theamendment of his venerable and esteemed brotherLewis. There would be some contradiction betweenthe paragraph to be added, and the originalproposition of brother Olin. Dr. Olin's resolutionwould care his conscience, and he went for it becausethey could not units on any other proposition,Several verbal amendments were then made. Dr. Patton, speaking of the phrase 'moral discipline,'which stood in Dr. Olin's resolution, saidthat his objection was that many Churches at theSouth had no moral discipline at all, or rather hada very immoral one. He should like the latter part ofDr. Olin's resolution, without any of the pow-wowin front of it. He would strike out all that, endleave merely the declaration on the subject of Slavery. Dr. Olin explained, that there was good reasonfor the former part of his resolution, although Dr.Patton thought very lightly of it. Dr. Bond agreed with Dr. Olin. Dr. Patton. suggested another amendment. Dr. Pock did not agree with Dr. Lansing, thatDr. Olin's resolution was not the only ground onwhich they could unite. If a majority did notagree upon it, they might peas to some other, untilthey found one on which they could agree. The Chair asked the permission of the house tomake a few remarks, without the formality of leavinghis place. He came, expecting that Slaverywould be introduced. He was impressed with thenecessity of defining who they would receive intothe Alliance. He had thought it their duty to rejectfellowship with slaveholders and slave-traders,and to exclude them under all circumstancesBut he had heard a great deal of intersecting and instructiveargument, and had somewhat modifiedhis opinion. If in America they should not heable to sustain the Alliance, it would be a humiliation;it would be a triumph of evil. After prayerfulreflection, he had come to the decision, that ifthey took any further action on the subject of Slaverythan they were compelled to by the fact thatthe subject had been introduced, they should beliable to the accusation of having met under falsepretensions. They could be accused of having anAbolition Society, while meeting to form a ChristianUnion. He hated Slavery, and had alwaysbeen an Anti-Slavery man. He hated it intellectually,he hated it sentimentally, he hated it politically,and above all, he hated it religiously. Thechurches to which they belonged—he had sometimeshad his doubts whether they were not theonly lawful societies for the promotion Of Temperance,the observance of the Sabbath, and for everyother associated purpose. He sometimes thoughtit an imputation on the Great flood of the Churchto form other societies for the promotion of goodobjects than that which he had farmed. But herethey came not as a church, not as a denomination,not in an ecclesiastical capacity, but as individuals.He hoped they would, as for as possible, leaveTemperance, Slavery, &c. to the association formedto promote those causes. The speaker thenwent on to express his preference for the line ofaction laid down in his own resolution. Dr. Baird wished to hear the resolution of Dr.Olin end that of the Chairman read again, beforethe vote was taken. He should prefer that thesubject had never been introduced; but as it was,and they could not get rid of it without sayingsomething, he should prefer the resolution of thePresident. The resolution of Dr. Olin was thou adopted,16 to 11. Dr. Lansing proposed that the vets should beconsidered a unanimous one. Dr. Patton objected to doing this. He could notappear to vote for what he could not agree to. Rev. Mr. Wheelock moved a reconsideration ofthe vote, but as he had not voted for it, his modernwas not allowed. Rev. Mr. Lillie then moved a reconsideration,which was carried. Some one said, 'Let us vote again without discussion.' Rev. Mr. Wheelock could not speak out in favorof the purity of Southern Churches. An amendment was suggested and adopted bythe author of the resolution. A call was then made for the reading of thePresident's resolution. Rev. Mr. Lillie suggested a farther amendmentof Dr. Olin's resolution; Dr. Patton wished tohave the same amendment, and Dr. Olin wouldnot object to any that should retain the conciliatoryspirit of the resolution. Mr. Wilson opposedthe amendment. Dr. Olin thought-that the preposition of thePresident might be constructed in two ways. Hebelieved that the mover meant it so the best way ofgetting into the position held by them, before thesubject of Slavery was íintroduced. But it mightalso be taken as indicating that an inquisitorial Wasto be made by the Alliance. Dr. Bond was afraid that, with so much amendment,the resolution would be like a Yankee ship,which had been so much repaired as to have topart of the original ship but an sugar holes. Helonged for unanimity, and suggested thatthey should join in prayer. Dr. Lewis, in all earnest prayer, implored theDivine Merry, and brought the decision of Heavenin the case. Dr. Olin's resolution was then finally adopted bya nearly un vote, Mr. Chaney only vottingin the negative.  The following then stands as the declaration ofthe Alliance, in relation to Slavery, instead of thefifth resolution, which we appended to our reportof the first day's proceedings, and as the essentialresult of the whole prolonged and odious debutson Slavery.'That while the Evangelical Alliance admits intoits bosom such persons only as are respectablemembers of Evangelical Churches, we are neverthelesspersuaded that the great object of the Association,the promotion of a larger Christian Union,may be furthered by a frank expression of our sentimentson the subject of a Slavery. We, therefore,declare our deep and unalterable opposition to thisstupendous evil, and we hold it to be the duty of allmen, by all wise and Christian means, to seek itentire extirpation and removal from the land.Still, the one object of the Alliance shall he keptsteadily in view, which is the promotion of ChristianUnion and brotherly love.'  Dr. Schmucker moved a resolution, authorizingall members of the Alliance to receive other membersand to form Auxiliary societies, whose membersshall be members of the American Alliance,Which was adopted. On motion of Dr. Lewis, the five articles wereadopted as a whole. On motion of the same, the entire preamble andconstitution were adopted as a whole. Dr. Patton inquired if he should be thoughtunkind or discourteous, if, at the meeting onTuesday, he should move a reconsideration ofthe whole proceedings, so as once more to throwthe articles open to discussion. Dr. Lewis would think it highly discourteous todo such a thing. It would throw the apple of discordinto the meeting; it would be a throwing ofarrows, firebrands and death. Dr. Peck and Dr. Bond spoke on the same point. Dr. Patton felt under obligations to give brethrenwho had expected to participate in the settlementof the Constitution, and to whom he had saidthat they would have the opportunity of doing soon Tuesday, the chance of giving their voices. Dr. Schmucker spoke on the same point, differingfrom Dr. Patton. The Secretary was instructed to have the Constitutionand Articles adopted by the Conferenceprinted for the use of the meeting on Tuesday.And the Conference then adjourned to Tuesday at10 o'clock. The result of the proceedings of the Alliance,as may be seen by reference to the foregoing, was arefusal to take any further action on Slavery, thanthey were absolutely compelled to. Placed betweenthe horns of a dilemma, both within andwithout their own body, the attempt has beenmade to avoid either, with what success time onlycan show. It is not likely, however, that a simpledeclaration that Slavery is an evil, which is as faras the Conference would go, will satisfy all of theNorthern Churches, and the probability is thatanother Alliance will be formed, from which Slave-holderswill be expressly excluded. Indeed, thiswas more than intimated during the session of theConference. The attendance at the meetings was quite limited,never, we should think, rising above a hundredand fifty persons. 
