 Our readers have to-day a choice opportunity ofcomparing the quality of Northern and Southernpro-slavery venom. In the Refuge of Oppression isa curious specimen of concentrated spite towards theAnti-Slavery Movement, taken from the DoverMorning Star, the organ of the Free-Will Baptist denomination,which claims to be holier, anti-slaverywise, than the Publican Sects around it, and writersby one, If we do not misremember, whose name isappended to the Frutest against Slavery pet forth,last year, by many Y.W; Baptist ministers. Thenwe have phased by its side, (accidentally, for therewas no real or in it,) the great pre-slavery speech ofMr. Calhoun, which, long as it is, we hope all ourreaders will read, ponder, and inwardly digest. Comparethe robust Rascality, the majestic Meanness, theimperial Impudence, the valiant Villany of the one,with the small, dirty, snivelling, lying hypocrisy ofthe other! Is it any wonder that the one makes theother do what it will?—that the hand of the ChiefBaker should would the face of Dough into whatshape he please? There is the secret of Slaveholdingsupremacy,—superiority of skill and stamina.The same kind of superiority which enabled thesteel-clad and beef fed knights of Richard and Henryto ride down whole troops of the leathern-jerkinedand half-starved followers of Wat Tyler and JackCade. We have no space to-day to make any remarks onMr. Calhoun's speech. It is one of the observableand rememberable things of this day of remarkables.It has the rare merit, for an American speech, ofstraight-forwardness and directness. There is nohumbug about John C Calhoun. He is head andshoulders above any man in the Pandemonium atWashington. He towers above them as Beelzebubdid above his rebel peers:— '————Deep on his front engravenDeliberation sat, and Public Care;And princely Counsel in his face yet shone,Majestic though in ruin.'    His is 'devilish counsel,' indeed, but it is urgedwith an energy and power that marks him the mater-spiritof the diabolical influence that governs theland. He is the Incarnation of slaveholding. Hestands for an Idea, which can hardly be said of anyother public man at Washington. Even the best ofhis antagonists there represent but the fraction of anIdea. An Idea circumscribed by Constitutions andCompromises. His is s 'bad eminence,' to be sure,but he overtops all his compeers. He will leave hisstamp upon the time as no other of his contemporarystatesmen will do. His name in History will beinfamous, (unless, which is not impossible, he yet becomesthe leader in the earner of Emancipation,when he sees it is inevitable,) but it will be enduring.—Q. 
