 The massacres of Hayti and Martinique seem tohave taught no lesions to the tyrants of the Spanisis West Indies. Like the Bourbons of France,the Governors of those Islands never learn anythingfrom the current of events, and though theoppressed of almost every clime have lately risento assert their rights, we find these petty islanddespots displaying no lack of tyranny. The lateacts of the Governor of Cuba arc are an example, butPorto Rico now furnishes another. We quote thefollowing from the New York Commercial Advertiser: We are indebted to a mercantile house in thiscity for three copies of 'bandos' or proclamations issuedby Count prim, Capt. Gen. of the Spanish Islandof Porto Rico, in consequence of the disbancesin the French Islands of Martinique and GawdaloupeThe first of there, dated May 31, prescribessevere punishments for all offences of a violentnature, and lending to a breach of the peace, committedby persons of negro race—the bando takingcognizance of all such offences from the civiltribunals, and giving it to a council of war, to beappointed by Capt General, with expressprohibition of interference under any circumstancesby the civil tribunals.  For instance, a colored man lifts a weaponagainst a white, if a slave, is to be put to death—ifa free man, to have his right hand cutoff or, if thewhite man is wounded, the black, though free, is tobe put to death. For insulting speech or gesture to a white, theslave is to be imprisoned five years—the free blackto suffer a minor punishment, in the discretion ofthe tribunal. Other cases of offence are provided for in termsof- corresponding severity; and sentence is invariablyto be followed by execution within twentyfour hours. Another bando, issued on the 6th of June, definesand explains the various provisions of the first,and the third informs the inhabitants of Porto Ricothat they may rely upon the vigilance and energyof the Captain General to avert the danger menacingthem, adding that he had sent an officerof military assistance to the Government of theDanish Islands of Santa Cruz and St. Thomas, incase there should he any fear of disturbance there. The bandos sent to us in the original Spanish,are accompanied by the following memoranda,written apparently by some American resident ofthe island: In doing this, the Captain General usurps allthe authority in the island; when tribunals opposedhim, he threatened to send them all to Spain.Him despotism prevails; no one dares to opposehim; his Willie is law. This cannot last, and he willfind as the Government will learn, that suchproceedings will not be endured. The bandoswere entirely uncalled for, and have created greatdissatisfaction among the colored population; theyhave excited feelings which never existed before,and which may never be allayed. A. more impolitic,ill-judged-act could not have been promulgatedat this time Our Government shouldinstruct all vessels of war cruising on the WestIndia station to call at the convenient ports ofPorto Rico and Cuba; our merchants have largeinterests in both islands, and should have Governmentprotection. We know that seeds of discontentexist between the Government and the Englishconsuls. Great Britain will send their fleetsto the landmark.' HENRY CLAPP.of the Pioneer, the embodimentof anti-organization, has sailed for Liverpool; andhas gone out as a delegate from. an organizationknown as the 'American Branch of the League ofUniversal Brotherhood,' to an organized Conversionof the General League, to be held in Paris thismonth.—Ohio A.S. Bugle.. LAPP. anti-organization delegate organization Ohio A.S. Bugle.. 
