 The readers of the Liberator were informed is thelast number, of the purpose of the Editor to retirefor a season to Northampton, in hopes of permanentlybenefitting his health, by a course of the Watercure,under the superintendence of Mr. David Ruggles.They were also told that he bad devolved hiseditorial duties, in part, upon me during the intervalFor the kind terms in which he expressed his confidencein me, sad his willingness to leave this importantpost in my keeping, I am duly sensible. Icould not, of coarse, refuse an office which camenaturally along in the course of duty,—especially,when its performance could have any influence uponso important an element in the result of the great problemsthe world is now solving as the life or health ofMr. Garrison. I have, therefore, reluctantly consentedto occupy his place during, this necessary absence.The selections from other papers will still he chieflymade by him, so that I shall only be responsiblefor what appears under my own initial. While Ifeel confident of the concurrence of the friends ofthe Liberator in this arrangement, under these circumstances,and shall claim their indulgence formyself, they may be very sure that none of themwill rejoice more sincerely than myself at the restorationof the editor to his health and his post at thehead of the Anti-Slavery movement. I certainly cannot complain that my turn uponthe watch-tower falls on a doll or eventless time.The horizon of both hemispheres is thick with signsand wonders. It needs no astrologic eye to discernin them the portents of change, such as perplexmonarchs and appal nations, for these are timeswhen History outstrips Prophecy. But he whowould discern the end in the beginnings, and distinguishthe great Law of Order pervading and controllingthe apparent chaos of the elements of societyin the Old World, and see with a firm Faith thebeneficent issues of the Future wrapped up in thetumultuous heavings of the Present, should have hisvisual nerve purged Is with euphrasy and rue, 'forhe hath much to see.' The great dramas which arenow shaking the scene of the Eastern continent, arefull of a more than tragic—of a domestic—interestto us, who witness them from our distant stand pointof imagined safely. The earthquakes of the mindare not to he limited by degrees of latitude and longitude.When Lisoon was destroyed, Boston shook.Now that Paris and Vienna are upturned, Charlestontrembles. The billows of human thought, like theocean-stream, girdle the earth, and the swell thatnow threatens the European coast, in its reflux will fearfully the shores of America. When theelectric chain in which all mankind is darkly boundis struck, none may escape the circling shock. Alltime in full of event and of prediction. But this iscrowded with predictions which insist upon beingheard, as it is with events which cannot be unbeheld.The wise Observer is the true Prophet of these asof all times The true Philosopher is be that detectsthe general Law which informs the most jarringevents, and can indicate its beneficent design andinevitable ultimate fulfilment.  In America, too, there are signs of hope whichcannot be mistaken. For Change and Hope are, here,convertible terms. Change can hardly come, thatwill not be for the better. When a Nation hasreached the lowest deep of moral degradation, thereis hope, if all life be not extinct, that it may beginto rise towards the surface again; when, peradventure,it may be plucked up by the locks, thoughstruggling to defeat its own salvation, and saved inits own despite. The Barricades which the insurgentWhigs and Democrats have began to throw upagainst the tyrant power which is embodied in allAmerican parties, are symptoms not to be mistakenof the inward change which, of necessity, precedesoutward Revolution. They may be, and probablywill be, baffled in the unequal, because imperfect,conflict which they have invoked Their attemptsmay be, for the present, only typical of coming success;as the baffled struggles at Freedom under theold despotisms of Europe foreshadowed their appointeddownfall. But in this darkest hour of our history,when we have been cursed with our prayers, andare the just victims of our victories, we hail theserising constellations, not indeed as the fountains oflight themselves, but as the heralds of the hasteningday. It is a time, too, when the abolitionist of long andgloomy years has the earnest of the faith be has solong maintained. He stands in the midst of his fulfilledpredictions. He sees around him the springingharvest of his painful sowing. As be descerned thePresent in the Long Past, so he is sure that he perceivesthe Far Future (perhaps the Near Future) inthe Dim Present, In events remote and at the door,he sees cause of hope, and reasons for enduring labor.The moral gravitation which is bringing downthe historic and time-honored tyrannies of the OldWorld, he feels assured will not suffer the distortedand mis-shapen fabric of the more hideous despotismof the New, to stand forever. The inverted pyramidof American Slavery must yet come thundering tothe ground. Northern bayonets. Northern ballot-boxesand Northern pulpits only it is that preserveits trembling balance. To withdraw those props, isthe true secret of Anti-Slavery success. This truthall sincere haters of Slavery will yet perceive. Andwhen it is legitimately carried out into action, it willbe crowned with the triumph which ever waits uponthe march of Truth. To watch the progress of events, to mark the everchangingsigns of the Tunes, to draw from them instruction,consolation and reproof, to garner up theever-growing harvest of experience and apply it tothe varying wants of every day, is the high duty ofthe conductor of an Anti-Slavery Press. To sit inthe seat of one eminently appointed for this work,even for a season, is no slight or grateful undertaking.The very affluence of material puzzles thethought and embarrasses the choice. An Anti-Slaverypaper, above all others, should be the magic'Goblet in which you may see the World;' but hardand precarious is the position of the Adept who mostconjure the fleeting shadows within its narrow circumference.If he is faithful in his day, he mayclaim consideration for his imperfect performances,and pardon for his failures. This is all the reward,proceeding from others, which I ask for the voluntarylabors I am about to assume.—Q. 
