 Extracts from a Speech delivered at a crowdedand highly enthusiastic meeting in the TremontTemple, Boston, June 30, by the Hon. Joshus R.Giddings, member of Congress from Ohio, I have little, to any about the nomination of Gen.Taylor, although they say he is a Wing; they tellyou he is in favor of abolition; in favor-of theWilmot Proviso, the peace candidate, and all thatsort of stuff. I caution you, and as I am to meetyou before the bar of final account, I demand ofyou that you furnish evidence upon such a questionus this, Has it come to this, let me know? Areyou to surrender your interests, your rights, andthe interests and rights of your offspring of futuregenerations, because a man in Boston says he hasa letter in his pocket that informs him that Gen.Taylor is a Whig.?'[Cheers] I mean no personaldisrespect to that gentleman, but when I see himattempting to hide a question of this immense,unspeakable magnitude, and to lend his fellowcitizens to the polls with such a letter as. this, Idon't care if he has such a letter; for if Gen. Tayloris really in favor of these things, and is afraid tospeak out, he is not the man for me. [Cheers.]No, sir, if he has these feelings in his heart, if hesees and comprehends the vastness of this issue,and dose not speak forth his sentiments, he is unworthyof confidence. What do you suppose wouldhave been thought of Samuel Adams or the patriotsof that day, if all but could be said of them wasthat somebody had a letter in his pocket whichproved that they were unfriendly to Great Britain? Wilmot Proviso, the peace candidate But shall we compare the interests then at stakewith, those now? They bear no conceivable comparisonwith them, Imagination cannot see,knowledge cannot comprehend, the heaven-widedifference between the two. The oppression ofGreat Britain was us far below and inferior to theoppression which you and your children will receive,if you thus extend slavery, as Hell is belowHeaven. Talk to me about Gen. Taylor's beingopposed to the extension of slavery! I wrote himjust as pleasant a letter us I could on the subject.one of the most agreeable and respectful letters youever saw, in order to learn his opinions, and I tellyou that you cannot kick him into an answer. Touse a Western phrase, 'he 'possums.' In our Westerncountry, he could not run for Constable. Aman who should set himself tip for public office,und suppress his opinions, could not maintain anargument upon the stump. The very motive forvoting for a man there, is because we believe hepossesses sentiments in accordance with our own.But if you do not know whether he possesses anysentiments or not, in God's name why do you votefor him? whether he possesses any I ask you now, editors, political men, statesmen,politicians and people, stand forth if you can, andshow me the. man, south of Mason and Dixon'sline, that ever gave a vote in Congress, underheaven, limiting slavery? Where is there a mansouth of Mason and Dixon's line, that dares avowsuch a sentiment? Every man south of Mason andDixon' s line, Senators and Representatives, hasvoted continually, and without exception, for thelast twenty-five years, against the limitation, and infavor of the extension of slavery, whenever thequestion has been agitated. When I make thisassertion, I make it according to the best informationI have, and you can correct me if I am wrong.And if no man south of Mason and Dixon's linehas ever done that, do yon believe Gen. Taylor isthe only man that will do it? [A voice—John M. Clayton] A voice I thank you; his name  any memory;but now I think of it, John, M. Clayton lives northof Mason and Dixon's line.  Look at Jefferson Davis, the son-in-law of Gen.Taylor, the man that he has delighted to honor, inwhose welfare and interest his whole soul is wrappedof, see him put forth every energy in unalterablehostility to the wilmot provision declaring thatGen. Taylor is opposed to ii; and yet the BostonAtlas tells us that he is in favor of it. Will thepeople believe you are speaking the truth, andDavis lying? Will the Whigs of Boston be misledby such presences as this? I don't care what youare, or who you are; if you are an honest man, youare the noblest work of God, and will not be deceivedor controlled by any man whatever, whenyou see the momentous matters lying beforeyou. [Mr. Sumner asked about Gov. Jones.] Governor Jones was advocating the election ofGen. Taylor on the stump, and saying that he wasopposed to the extension of slavery, when he wasasked, Are you opposed to it? Gov. Jones evadedit. But a man on the stump is bound to let hiswhole sentiments be known, and when he saw hecould not evade it, answered, that he was not.'And I want to know if you will vote for a manwho is not in favor of I ho extension of slavery?'He evaded it; but the man would not let him offuntil Gov. Jones saw he was inexorable, and saidhe would not. Now if you can be gummed bsuch men, you will have enough of them. [How is it with Cass?] Well, really, if you had waited six weeks longer,you would not have asked that. Wait six weeks,and he is out of the question. [Cheers and laughter.]You had better be erecting a tombstone forthat man; you had better write his epitaph. Gen.Cass! a man who has bowed to the slave power anhow that no honest man can get do low enoughto throw the mantle. over him! [Great sensation.]Gen. Cass! a man who declares that you are boundto vote for the establishment of slavery in theterritories; who says you have no power to resistit; that it is a violation of the Constitution to assertyour rights! Talk of him among the Democrats!Where is he? John Van Buren said that he waskilled off in the Baltimore Convention, and theywere carrying his body home by way of the canal,He said, too, that if he was nominated, they wouldhave to take affidavits to show to the people ofNew York, to convince them he was a candidate.Even that would not convince the people of NewYork that. he was a candidate six weeks hence;and I say it in the honest sincerity of my heart. Iam aware that it has-been, urged upon you and me,and every body else, that we must vote for Taylor,or Cass will be elected. I tell you it will not be so.But suppose it were the case; we should have tomake some new discoveries in moral science, andget some moral microscope by which to discoverthe shade between these two men. Cass andTaylor! The Devil mid Beelzebub! [Greatcheering and laughter.] And are yon bound todetermine the moral distinction between them,when the shade is so plight that Omniscience itselfcould not discover it?  [How is it with Taylor?] I don't know. I wish I had power of eloquenceand conception and imagination, to place this beforethe people to night just as it is, to tear awaythe veil, and let Gen. Taylor and Gen. Cass standforth. It in said that Gen. Taylor in a Whig. AmI to argue the question whether he calls himself aWhig, when the great question is the enslavementof yourself and your children? Will you vote forhim because he calls himself a Whig? A Whig!I have no doubt he is such a Whig as Milton Brown,such a Whig as Alexander H. Stephens, and otherSouthern men who went for Texas. If he is aWhig, it means such a Whig as that. I want youto know, my fellow Democrats, that you are to becheated and defrauded, that the Southern Statesare to go for Taylor and not for Cass. EVER ONEOF THE SOUTHERN STATES WTLL GO FOR TAYLOR.There will be good old South Carolina; that staunchold Whig State! She will go for Taylor. And ifyou follow the lead, old Massachusetts will standbeside her Whig sister! Two turn Whig Statesthe Lord never made before, and never will again.Isaac E. Holmes of South Carolina, in 1845, in replyto a speech of mine, declared ii to be a duty totake Texas, He said that we must have moreterritory, and it was not only necessary to haveTexas, but whole of Mexico for the 'extensionof slavery. That man, only day before yesterday,declared himself the uncompromising advocate ofGen. Taylor's election. Isaac E. Holmes, a Whig,mid voting for a Whig candidate! I call your attentionto these facts. Jefferson Davis, Isaac E.Holmes, and Gen. Taylor! A beautiful trio ofWhigs! VER ONE OF THE OUTHERN TATES WTLL GO FOR AYLOR. These Southern men who never vote against theextension of slavery, are now going for Gen. Taylorbecause they believe he is in favor of its extension,and here you are at the North voting for him,because you suppose he is opposed to the extensionof slavery! One of you must be deceived.If you are honest, the South are being humbugged;and that is itself dishonest, for I would not cheat aslaveholder. Only think of it! Massachusettsvotes for Taylor, because he is opposed to extendingslavery, mid Smith Carolina votes for him, becausehe is in favor of. it! Did you ever know theslave power deceived by a slaveholder? Is notevery interest of Gen. Taylor in favor of extendingslavery? It certainly is. 
