 The following letter has been put at our disposal,and we know of no better use to make of it,than to lay it before our renders, as a new instanceof the kind of freedom of the press we enjoy inthe Model Republic. The letter was addressed toMr. Honeywell, the editor of the Eagle, a wellconducted and liberal paper published in this city.The postmark upon it is so blurred that we canonly make out the State whence it came—Georgia: DEAR SIR:—Yankee impudence is proverbial—Recklessness must be at a high premium, andbrain out the market, when a man will attemptas you have done, to swindle the people out of asubsistence, by telling them that it is one of hisobjects 'to obtain an honest living.' It is, indeed,remarkable, if any thing a pickpocket could do,could excite surprise, that you—one of the thousandsof scoundrels called Abolitionists,—for youa liar, a swindler, a dissembler, a hypocrite, apoor, unprincipled poppy, that don't know what ita barking at, and a mean, low, paltry, drivelingjilt, to take such grounds in your New York Eagle,and then send it south of Yankeedom. EAR IR low You thought you were thundering out a gloriousPhillipic, against our Institution of Slavery, inyour paper of the 3d of June, under the head,'Thy will be done'—but, it turned out to be a poor,contemptible, pitiful production, emanating from aYankee's imagination, whose most remarkablecharacteristic is, innate rascality and envy. Oh, God! If there he grades in hell, how low,awfully low, must that man be put, who wouldsteal my money, under the guise of humanity—and break though one of Heaven's own Institutionto arrive at this result. Keep your paper at home, or come to Georgiaand circulate it. Then, under an indictment forcirculating a paper of an insurrectionary nature,you will meet your end on a gallows, wliere, Idare, say, all of your ancestry have met it, not forAbolitionism, but for stealing And if this betrue, a worthy son you are! Far from defilingtheir sacred ashes with honesty, you, quite an imitativelad, are following on in the thieving track,only on a broader scale. honesty Farewell, Sir—may you arrive at the highestproficiency in roguery, and as a reward for it, afterthe gallows shall have claimed you and all yourlineal descendants, may the following coupletespecially apply to you all: That thieving, sneaking, Honey-wellHas done, been hanged and is in Hell, is my prayer for Christ's sake. SOUTHERNER &SLAVEHOLDER. 
