 We have just returned from this meeting, whichwas addressed by ex-Governor Jones, a slaveholder. We never listened to a more laboredspeech. It seemed an up-hill business. He wasout of his latitude. He speak with the caution of ablind man treading upon rotten ice. He is evidently.asked to a northern audience. The whigs deserve,great credit for their consistency in importinga southern dealer in human flesh, to learn thenorthern tough-laces their duty. He had much tosay about this free country. One question he askedwas very significant. 'Do the South,' said he,'seek to put nckles upon you? The answershould have wrong in his tyrant ears-yes! andalways has; and not only has it sought to, but hasdone. it He thought the Whigs of the South entitledto the candidate, because they allowed thenorthern whigs to run Harrison. We presumefew Wings thought of the number of free StatePresidents since the government was organized.The time of their administrations have been twelveyears and one month. Truly the South should beentitled to them for all time to come. He painted,too, the horrible consequences that might accruefrom the reign of locofocoism. Our children, beamid, might be heard shaking their manacles aboutus, (a voice-we bear them now.) We fanciedhim describing his owe habitation- for few asextensive slaveholders as Gov. Jones can be foundbut what both manacle and sell, in the strictestsense, their own children. These things, thispatron saint of anti-slavery whiggism could not see.He asserted many times his love of freedom andfree people. Nearly all southern men, like him,are in the habit of lying most hugely on such occasions,and he forms no exceptions to the generalrule. Some one had-written him a letter, proposingseveral interrogatories on several points. Whenhe came to slavery extension, be said that he wascoming to a very delicate subject-an awfullymomentous subject-a subject, which, whateverwe might do here at the north, they did not allow tobe debated at the south. Mark that! He can cometo the north with his disgusting excuses and pleadingsfor man-stealing, and remain unmolested, andbe treated with respect, and even petted by theblood-hound candidate's friends; yet if at the southn tongue wags in favor of liberty, the bowie-knife,the pistol, the faggot, the rope, the pillory, thebranding iron, and all the horrible  ofthe blood-stained system of slavery, with whichnorthern whigs are now Sternizing, are broughtinto requisition to show him that liberty must notbe spoken in that hind of more than heathen barbarityHe could not tell Gen. TAYLOR's opinion ofthe Wilmot Proviso, but was opposed to it himself—was in favor of letting the people make suchStates, and such laws as they pleased in thoseSuites-knowing that they were seized by slaveholdersfor slaveholding purposes. The fact is,this Gov. JONES is an unprincipled, unscrupulousliar, when he pretends to be opposed to extendingour territory. He only fears it may be free. Hesaid he was opposed to it because be foresaw thatthis awful subject would come up, and endangerthis glorious Union. He only regrets this, and ifthere was no agitation upon ibis subject, his tyranttongue would never wag against more territory.He affected great contempt for the northern movementsbut was as vehement as a camp-meetingexhorter to the whigs not to be led array. Wecannot follow this representative of true anti-slaverywhiggism through all his two hours' speech. It wasingenious, base and slavish by turns, and left adecidedly unfavorable impression upon most presentThe cheers were faint on most points, andespecially yon his eulogy for TAYLOR. It was onlywhen he spoke of CLAY, that the whigs unitedlycheered.—Auburn (N.Y.) National Reformer.  free  allowed twelveyears and one month. they did not allow tobe debated at the south.  Sternizing  He could not tell AYLOR people ONES AYLOR. LAY Auburn (N.Y.) National Reformer. 
