 During Anniversary week, we stepped in to shakehands with our old friends, the comeouters, andtook some notes of their speeches, with a designto report them for the Star; but for various reasonshave changed our intention. We foundmostly the same old orators and the same old topicsas when we were familiar with their operations.Men of most infamous private characterwere received with cheers and acclamations; andthe most bitter contempt poured upon the constitutionof the U.S. and especially upon the churchand ministry, elicited die most uproarious applause;and the more glaringly skeptical were the sentimentsadvanced, the greater the relish with whichthey were received. We can never cease to wonderthat some few, very few, (may God diminishthe number.) of those who are considered ministersof the gospel, can take a part with these poor(deluded men, and seem to countenance them intheir prosane, if not blasphemous harangues. Thetime was when their sentiments were not so fullyknown as now, and then such things were more pardonable;but at present we hardly know now a minister,without committing an act of immorality, canmore thoroughly debase himself than by sitting inthe seat of these scorners, commingling with them,and attempting to justify their conduct by the principlesof religion. We can never witness such aspectable without sincere grief, for we cannot butfear that those who bid them God-speed will eventuallybe reckoned as partakers of their evil deeds.Perfectly regardless of truth, urged on by an inituationwhich seems to know no bounds, themaster spirits in this fraternity have carried ontheir crusade against the institution of civil government,attempting to sow the seeds of discord incommunities, and to array the powers of earthagainst this institution of God. They cannot pleadtheir ignorance as an apology for this course ofconduct, for they profess to be the very luminariesof the world. 'If they were blind, they would.have no sin, but now they say we see, thereforetheir sin remaineth.' They have placed beforetheir eyes, the sacred scriptures, which exhortthem 'First of all, that supplications, prayers, intercessionsand giving of thanks be made for allmen, for kings, and for all that are in authority,that they (the supplicators) may lead quiet andpeaceable lives in all godliness and honesty;—Bymuch scriptures also they are commanded, insteadof making long harangues against all civil authority'Put them in mind to be subject to principulitiesand powers, to obey magistrates, to beready to every good work.' And it they would attemptto justify themselves with the excuse thatthe laws under which they live are bad, and thereforeentitled to no respect, let them remember, thatthe apostles, who penned the foregoing passageslived, and the Christians to whom they were addressed,lived under an almost despotism, and yet,with great emphasis, these apostles preached andwrote against 'those filthy dreamers, who defiledthe flesh and despised dominion, and spake evil ofdignities—' who walked alter the flesh is the lastof uncleanness, and despised governments, beingpresumptuous, self-willed, not afraid to speak evilof digmties, beguiling unstable souls.' Yet, thosesame apostles have distinctly told as that whereinthe laws of our country require us to violate God'slaw, 'We ought to obey God rather than man.'And the Lord Jesus too, when he commissioned hisdisciples to proclaim his gospel, commanded themto do it, thought the authorities should be againstthem, and they be delivered to prison and to death.If those who preach against governments doto: need the influence of law for their restraint,yet, whether they are aware of the fact or not, theydo need this influence for their own protection—eye, and they avail themselves of it, too, when occasionrequires- But were it not for the existence ofthis terror to evil doer's,' how like unchained furieswould those spirits stalk through the world whichnow often break over the bounds of restraint, and,in spite of all this terror, commit depredations uponthe rights of others! Should this emanation fromthe bottomless pit, be allowed-to sweep over theland unrestrained, and lay waste the fair fruits ofhonest industry, who but bedlamite would wishto stay in it? 'First of all restraint protection—eye, and they avail themselves of it, too what avails it to say that if all men were nonresistant,we should not need human legislation?All men are not non-resistants, and we must takethe world as it is. Would those who oppose humangovernments think we argued logically, werewe to any that if all men were non-resistants, theywould have no need to preach the doctrine they noware preaching against the exercise of all physicalforce and therefore they should not preach it now?If so, let their own logic stop their noise, and wewill acknowledge that great good has been doneby it! But, if we need no laws for any other purpose,we do need them to protect our rights, andpreserve the pence, against the most lawless of alltribes, the propagators of this doctrine. The lawwas made for the lawless and the disobedient. Onthem it sits most uneasily, and they are the oneswho most ardently long to be free from its restraints, A.K.M. 
