 Mr. Caleb Cushing's favorite policy of crashingout Northern prejudices is to be incorporated intothe platform of the Union-saving Democracy. Atthe Tremont Temple riot, Richard S. Fay—the Ryndersof the gang of rioters—read the following resolution:— 'That the people of this city have submitted toolong in allowing irresponsible persons and politicaldemagogues, of every description, to hold public meetingsto disturb the public peace and misrepresent usabroad; they have become a nuisance, which, in self-defense,we are determined shall henceforward besummarily abated.' This Fay and his lieutenant, James Murray Howe,then illustrated the method of summary abatement,by causing the gentlemen who had hired the Templefor the day. to be throat from the speaker's platform,and forcibly ejected from the building. Notcontent with 'disturbing the public peace' bybreaking up a lawful meeting, ray and his ganghave announced their determination to put downfree speech by brute force. A similar policy was more than hinted at byMayor Henry, of Philadelphia, in his speech beforethe Union-Saving Democracy of that city. Said he: 'We meet to declare unshaken confidence in theUnion, and a determination to defend its integrity.He spoke plainly. If any sentiments have been proclaimedby any portion of the country against theother, they must be relinquished. We must restorepublic sentiment to the old stand-point, and the misplacedappeals from our pulpits, lectures rooms, presses,and against a section of out common country, must befrowned upon. It has been these violent appeals thathave mainly brought about this sad state of affairs.We must preserve the Union at all hazards. We willdo well to repel this official intermeddling of ourneighbors, So long as our social institutions do notcontravene the principles of the Federal compact,none may justly interfere with or righteously denouncethem.' appeals from our pulpits, lectures rooms, presses,and against a section of out common country, must befrowned upon. repel What Mayor Henry intends by ' frowning upon'the pulpit and the lecture-room, may be Inferredfrom the following audacious note addressed by himto the Chairman of the lecture committee of a popularlyceum:— office of the Mayor f the city of Philadelphia,December 11th, 1860. office of the Mayor f the city of Philadelphia 'James W. White, Esq., Chairman Lecture CommitteePeople's Literary Institute. Dear Sir: Theappearance of George W. Curtis, Esq., as a lecturerbefore the People's Literary Institute, on Thursdayevening next, will be extremely unwise. If I possessedthe lawful power, I would not permit his presenceon the occasion. Very respectfully, etc.,'ALEXANDER HENRY, Mayor.' LEXANDER ENRY Mayor. Mayor Wood himself could not surpass this impudence.Mr. Henry had but one thing to do withrespect to Mr. Curtis as a lecturer, and that was tosee that he was protected in the exercise of his rightsas a public speaker, even at the cast of all the policeand military force of the city. But Mayor Henrytook the very course to excite a mob, and that intimidatedthe owners of the hall, so that they declinedto open it to the lecturer. It was in this waythat the Mayor 'frowned upon' free speech in thelecture-room; and had he bayonets at command forsuch a purpose, he would forcibly put down all appealsto conscience and common sense against theiniquity of slavery! Thin the 'crushing out'policy of the new Democratic organization has beeninaugurated in Philadelphia. The same policy ishinted at by leaders of this new party in this city.At a meeting held on Saturday at the office of Mr.Richard Lathers, Mr. Daniel S. Dickinson is reportedto hare said, 'The North mast get rid of itspernicious sectional sentiment—a sentiment promulgatedby demagogues, political and ministerial.'Mr. Charles O'Conor said, 'The only mea who aredangerous to the Union, are the honest and conscientiousmen of the North who have imbibed thedreadful error that it in their duty to crush out slaveryin the Southern States.' though these gentlemen did not advocate an appealto mob law, their language would give a pretextto rioters for an assault upon Mr. Beecher, Mr.Phillips, Mr. Curtis, or any one who might presumeto discuss the question of slavery. This instinctivedread of free discussion, this instinctiveappeal to brute force, is characteristic of slavery,and fully identifies these schemers for a new politicalorganization with the slave-masters of the South. We put it, then, to the freemen of the North,whatever their political antecedents, to decidewhether they will come under the yoke of such aparty; whether they will suffer the pretence of'Union' to bind them under a sectional dictationwhich forbids the expression of an opinion on aquestion of right and wrong. Every right for whichour fathers contended, every right dear to the Anglo-Saxonrace, is in jeopardy, if such a party shall'prevail. But it cannot prevail. Commercial panics may'frighten a few of the Republican voters in submissionto this new force law against opinion. 'Unionmeetings,' set as traps by the defeated leaders of thelate Democracy, may catch the unwary and the infirm.But 'the honest and conscientious men ofthe North' will not be intimidated, and cannot beput down. The pulpit, the platform, the press,will continue to discuss the enormities of Americanslavery, and to labor for its abolition, till it shall befinally extinguished. It is impossible to suppressthe force of the public conscience as now developedagainst slavery.—New York Independent. New York Independent. 
