 CHICAGO, Nov. 23, 1860. HICAGO To the Editors of the N.Y. Independent: To the Editors of the N.Y. Independent GENTLEMENT:—It is the right of the Christianpublic to know the extraordinary transaction whichis the subject of the following correspondence, andto investigate it more fully. It will be seen that theAmerican Board never received any intelligible hintof it, till the Choctaw mission had passed from theirhands; and that the General Assembly's Board hashitherto had no adequate report. ENTLEMENT adequate To the Secretaries of the A.B.C.F.M. To the Secretaries of the A.B.C.F.M. DEAR BRETHREN:—Will you permit me to makea few inquiries respecting an occurrence at the Choctawmission? EAR RETHREN I have been recently informed on good and directauthority, that while that mission remained nominallyunder the care of the American Board, viz.,on the first Sabbath in January, 1859, a slave-womanwas burned alive at a public meeting in theChoctaw Nation, after having been previously tortured,in the vain attempt to extract from her aconfession of guilt. I am informed that she was areputable member of a mission church. If I am notmistaken, her master and mistress were members ofthe same church. I am told that at the same timethe dead body of a slave-man was also burned; hehaving been put to the torture, and having committedsuicide, to escape the doom that awaited him.This transaction took place within ten miles of amissionary station, and it has been intimated to methat church members were not clear of participationin the crime. It seems to me due to the cause of our Master thatwas a transaction should receive from a Christiancommunity that attention which its remarkablecharacter demands. And in order to elicit all thefacts of the case, permit me respectfully to ask yoube following question:— 1. While the Choctaw mission was in connectionto the A.B.C.F.M., did you receive any informationrespecting the burning of slaves in the Choctawnation? If so, can you state the circumstances?What were the Charges? Did the parties pleadguilty? What parties took part in the burning?Here there any church-members who gave their assentto the burning, or were in any way implicatedin the procedure? What action was taken in thechurch or the mission open the subject? 2. Had the Prudential Committee any referenceto facts of this description, when they said, in theAnnual Report for 1859, that they were 'embarrassedby tracts and considerations' which they couldbut 'properly submit to the public eye'? 3. Have you since the Choctaw mission ceasedto be under the care of the American Board, receivedfrom any responsible party personally acquaintedwith the affairs of the mission any intimation ofthe transaction above referred to? If so, when?and what was the nature of that information? You will oblige me by giving an early reply tothe questions, with permission to make known theanswer to the public. I have made similar inquiriesat the Assembly's Board and of Rev. Cyrus Byington,Missionary to the Choctaws. Yours respectfully,SMUEL C. BARTLETT. MUEL ARTLETT. Chicago, October 22, 1860. MISS HOUSE, BOSTON, Oct. 27, 1860. ISS OUSE OSTON Rev. S.C. BARTLETT, CHICAGO, ILL:— ARTLETT HICAGO LL DEAR BROTHER:—It devolves upon me to reply toyour favor of Oct. 22d, addressed to the Secretariesof the A.B.C.F.M., as I have all the informationupon your question, which has been receivedat the Missionary House. EAR ROTHER My answer to your first inquiry is, that we receivedinformation respecting the burning of slavesat the Choctaw nation, while the Choctaw missionwas connected with the Board. I will add, moreover,that none of us had any suspicion that such atragedy as you describe could possibly occur. first My answer to your second inquiry, you will haveanticipated.  The statement in the Annual Reportfor 1859, to which you have alluded, had no reference,whatever, to any facts, of this description. second My answer to the third inquiry is, that in August,1860, I received a letter from Mr. Chamberlain,late of the Choctaw mission, in which he intimatedthat he might at same future time make astatement 'in connection with the burning of slaves,on the first Sabbath in January, 1859.' This wasa first intimation which I received from any one'personally acquainted with the affairs of that mission,'that such an event had occurred. third I taught to say, however, that I had received lettersfrom Mr. Chamberlain, (the earliest dated Dec.7, 1859,) which were unintelligible to me at thetime, but which as I now suppose, referred to thistransaction. From a still earlier letter, (writtenMay 2, 1859, after the Committee had decided todiscontinue the mission, but before the formal resolutionwas passed,) I inferred that Mr. C. felt somewhatembarassed in his position: but I had no suspicionthat his embarrassment grew out of any suchlatter. Very respectfully yours,S.B. TREAT,Sec. of the A.B.C.F.M. REAT The letter of inquiry sent to the Secretary of theGeneral Assembly's Board of Mission is, for brevity'ssake, omitted.  It covered substantially thepoints of question No. 1 in the letter to the AmericanBoard, and contained the additional inquiry,'Was the missionary, having under his care thechurch to which this woman belonged, the Commissionfrom the Indian Presbytery to the last GeneralAssembly? And has he made any report ofhe transaction?'  The letter was dated Oct. 18th,and elicited the following reply:— MISSION HOUSE, New York, Oct. 30, 1860.Rev. SAMUEL C. BARTLETT: ISSION OUSE AMUEL ARTLETT DEAR SIR—Your letter of the 22d inst. has beenreserved. The painful transaction to which you refertook place a year before the missionaries of theAmerican Board were received by us, and of coursean report in relation to it was made to us. Theonly information we have on the subject is containedin a letter from one of our original missionaries,dated the 12th of January last, and is the following—'bout a year ago, a black man killed hismaster without any provocation. The master wasa worthy man, and a member of Mr. Byington'sChurch. Afterwards the man made confession, andaccused one of the black women of having instigatedhim to do the deed. Having made this confessionand discovered the body of his master, he got awayfrom those in charge of him, jumped into the Littleriver, and drowned himself. Lucy the one chargedas the instigator of the murder, was taken by theenraged relatives, and burned. The poor womanwas also a remember of Mr. Byington's church, andprotested to the last her innocence. The murderedman was Mr. Haskins, a brother of Mr. GeorgeHaskin, one of the first men in the Nation. Hiswife is daughter of Col. P.P. Pitch Lynn. It wasa terrible affairs, but the mission and the church hereare not responsible for it.' EAR IR I am, yours respectfully, WALTER LOWRIE. ALTER OWRIE. It will be seen that the communication of SecretaryLowrie fully confirms this tale of woe in allits essential particulars, and also makes known thefact that the poor victim, her descended master, andsurviving mistress, were all members of a churchunder the care of Rev . C . Byington, Commissionerin the last General Assembly. The concluding commentof the missionary that 'neither the mission northe church here are responsible for it,' will not satisfyChristian men. They have a responsibility inregard to it, which they do not appear to have met. Five weeks have now elapsed since I wrote to Mr.Byington, respectfully asking for such informationas he might be willing to give the public concerningthis public transition the relation of the variousparties to the church and the course which thechurch have taken. as yet, no reply has been received.I would now eminently call upon him tobreak the portentous silence which he has kept fortwo year, concerning this fearful slaughter of oneof the 'little ones' Of his flock, and to show us thathis church and all it members, not only are clear ofall complicity in the affair, but have dischargedtheir whole duty in the case. all it members I would also request that Mr. J.D. Chamberlainwould complete the information at which he hashinted in his letters to Secretary Treat, and tell theChristian public what he knows concerning this extraordinarytragedy—a Christian woman the motherof eight children, 'owed' by another though Christianwomen, persisting in her innocence, though threetimes hung up to extort confession of guilt, andhorned alive with the words of prayer and praiseupon her lips! Your truly, S.C. BARTLETT. ARTLETT. 
