 The following is an extract from the resent InauguralAddress of Gov. Pickens to the Legislatureof South Carolina:— Gentlemen of the Senate and House of Representatives: Gentlemen of the Senate and House of Representatives: You have called me to preside as Chief Magistrateof South Carolina at a critical juncture ofour public affairs. I deeply feel the responsibilitiesof the position I am, about to assume. Forseventy-three years this State has been connectedby a Federal Compact with co-States, under a bundof union for great national objects common to all.In recent years, there has been a powerful partyorganized upon principle of ambition and fanaticism,whose undisguised purpose is to divert theFederal Government from external, and turn itspower upon internal interests and domestic institutionsof these States. They have thus combined aparty exclusively in the Northern States, whoseavowed object not only endanger the peace, butthe very existence of nearly one-half the Statesof this Confederacy; and in the recent electionfur President and Vice-President of these States,they have carried the election upon principles thatmake it no longer safe for us to rely upon tie powersof the Federal Government, or the guarantee of theFederal Compact. This is the great overt act ofthe people in the Northern State, at the ballot-box,in the exercise of their sovereign power at thepolls, from which there is no higher appeal recognizedunder our system of government in its ordinaryand habitual operations. They thus prop useto inaugurate a Chie! Magistrate at the head of thearmy and navy, with vast powers, not to presidesover the common interests and destinies of all theStates alike, but upon issues of malignant hostilityand uncompromising war to be waged upon therights of half the States of this Union. In theSouthern States there are two entirely distinct andseparate races, and one has been held in subjugationto the other by peaceful inheritance fromworthy and patriotic ancestors; and all who knowthe races well, know that it is the only form ofgovernment that can preserve both, and administerthe blessings of civilization with order and in harmony.Anything tending to change or weaken thisgovernment, and the subordination between theraces, not only endangers the peace, but the veryexistence of our security. We have for yearswarned the Northern people of the dangers theywere incurring by their wanton and lawless course.We have often appealed to our sister States to actwith us in concert upon some firm and moderatesystem, by which we might be able, if possible, tosave the Federal Constitution, and yet feel safe underthe general compact of the Union. But wecould obtain no fair hearing from the North, norcould we see any concerted plan proposed by ourco-States of the South, calculated to make us feelsafe and secure. Under these circumstances, wehave no alternative left but to interpose our sovereignpower as an independent State, to protectthe rights and ancient privileges of toe people ofSouth Carolina. in the recent electionfur President and Vice-President of these States,they have carried the election upon principles thatmake it no longer safe for us to rely upon tie powersof the Federal Government, or the guarantee of theFederal Compact. There is one thing certain, I think it due tothe country to say in advance, that South Carolinais resolved to assert her separate maintenance; and, asshe acceded separately to the compact of the Union, sowill she most assuredly secede, separately and alone,be the consequences what they may, and I think itright to say, with no unkind feeling whatever, that onthis point there can be no compromise, let it he offeredfrom where it pray. The issues are too grave andtoo numerous to admit of any counsel that look ato anything but direct and straightforward independence.In the present emergency, the moat decidedmeasures are the safest and wisest. To our titterStates who are identified with us in interest andfeeling, we will cordially and kindly look for co-operation,and for a future Union; but it must beafter we have asserted and resumed our original andinalienable rights and powers of sovereignty and independence.We can then form a government withthem, having a common interest with a people ofhomogeneous feeling, united together by all the tiesthat can bind States in one common destiny.From the position we may occupy towards theNorthern States, as well as from our own internalstructure of society, the government may, from necessity,become strongly military in its organization.When we look back upon the inheritance, the commonglories and triumphant power of this wonderful confederacy,no language can express the feelingsof the human heart, as we turn from the contemplation,and sternly look to the great future thatopens before us. It is our sincere desire to separatefrom the North in peace, and leave them to developtheir own civilization-according to their ownsense of duty and of interest. But if, under theguidance of ambition and fanaticism, they decideotherwise, then be it so. We are prepared for anyevent; and, in humble reliance upon that Providencewho presides over the destiny of men andnations, we will endeavor to do our duty faithfully,bravely and honestly. I am now ready to take theoath of office, and swear undivided allegiance toSouth Carolina. that South Carolinais resolved to assert her separate maintenance; and, asshe acceded separately to the compact of the Union, sowill she most assuredly secede, separately and alone,be the consequences what they may, and I think itright to say, with no unkind feeling whatever, that onthis point there can be no compromise, let it he offeredfrom where it pray. but it must beafter we have asserted and resumed our original andinalienable rights and powers of sovereignty and independence. 
