 TORONTO,C.W. NOV. 26, 1860. ORONTO The people of Canada, when reading the accountswith which your columns are so frequently filled,of the difficulties which arise consequent upon demandsfor the rendition of fugitive slaves, havecongratulated themselves upon their freedom fromsuch annoyances. It is therefore with peculiar jealousy that thepeople of Canada look upon a case now pendingin our Court; and though there is no reason to suspectsfoul play in the matter. still the circumstancessurrounding it are of a character which investit with the greatest interest and command thefullest sympathy. On the 28th of September,1859, Seneca T.P. Diggs of Howard County, Missouri,when returning home to dinner saw walkingacross his plantation a strange negro, whom hehailed. In reply to a series of questions addressedto him by Diggs the negro told a story to the followingeffect: He said his name was Wm. Anderson,and that he was the slave of one. Macdonald,who resided about thirty miles from Diggs's plantation.To this Macdonald he had been sold in1833 by a Mr. Perkins, whose estate was but ashort distance from Diggs's shode; and he wassoon on his thither for the purpose either ofgetting Perkins to buy him from Macdonald, or toexchange him for some other man. He had tworeasons for desiring this; he had been much ill-treatedby Macdonald and he had a wife, slave toa man named Brown, whose estate adjoined that ofPerking's. It is said that, according to the Statelaw of Missouri, any negro found more than twentymiles from his master's plantation without a passmay be arrested and taken back; the person sotaking back becoming entitled thereby to a rewardof $5, and mileage of ten cents. After hearing Anderson's account, Diggs askedhim for his pass. The poor fellow replied that hehad none. ' Then said the humane slaveholders,'I can allow you to go no further until I hear fromyour master. Come with me and I will give yousome dinner.' The pair walked toward the housefor some distance when the negro broke and ranDiggs immediately called out to three 'black boys'who were near, 'Catch that runaway, and I'll giveyou the reward.' Away the three started in pursuit.Anderson ran in a circle, and was chased fornear an hour by them. Diggs, after a while, wasjoined by his son, a lad of fifteen, and upon a signalfrom one of the black boys, they crossed thecircle, and met the runaway just as the was nearinga fence. Over this fence the planter leaped brandishingin his hand a light stick. Anderson waveda large dirk-knife; before him stood the enragedplanter; twenty yards behind him were hasteningon his three pursuers armed with stout clubs.There was not a moment to be lost. The plantercommanded the breathless panting negro to surrender;the negro said would kill any one whotouched him. Insolent language to all fall form thelips of a slave! So thought the planter as hebroke his stick over the fugitive head. But thefugitive was as good as his word; he dealt a trueblow, he plunged his knife into Digg's heart. Itwas now the planter's turn to fly; he endeavoredagain to get over the fence, and was assisted in hisattempt by Anderson. who stabbed him again, andtumbled him into the ditch. In less than forty-eighthours there was an end to Mr. Diggs. Helived long enough to make a full confession andthen departed for a land where he will inevitablybe convinced of certain fact concerning 'niggers,'which he was fond of denying in his good his escape toCanada, and took up his abode in the country ofBrant. He lived a quite and industrious life, andbeing joined b his wife, felt himself truly a freeman.But some few months ago, the bloodhoundsof the Missouri law found him out, and made a demandfor his rendition under the Ash Burton treatyfor the crime of murder. He was arrested, andbrought before the magistrates. The evidence adduced was in substance as I havegiven it above. The magistrates felt themselvesincompetent to decide, so the matter was referredto John A. Macdonald, the Attorney General ofthe Province. This was so long ago as the 28th ofSeptember, since which time the unfortunate fugitivehas lain in prison. He was even put in ironsby order of one of the above mentioned magistratesnamed Matthews, a notorious fellow, whoseconduct has been most disgraceful throughout, andwho has only been saved from a thick coat of tarand feather by the strong love of law which pervadesthe community. The Attorney General, afteran inexplicable delay of two months, has decidedthat he is unable to decide, and has referred thecase to the judge. On Saturday last, then, Anderson was broughtup in the Court of Queen's Bench by virtue of awrite of habeas corpus, and the Crown was calledupon to show why he should not be discharged,On the part of the prisoner, a competent counsel,Mr. S.B. Freeman, Q.C., of Hamilton, has beenengaged. You may think this a very strange proceedingin Canada; but have a little patience. Itis not contended that, had Anderson been a slaveof Diggs, he would have been guilty of murder inkilling him. Our law recognizes the right of everyman to liberty. We can take no cognizance of slaveryat all. But, unfortunately, the AshburtonTreaty is rather vague on one point. It is contendedthat by it we are compelled to render upany fugitive from the United States who is guiltyof crime according to your law, provided that theevidence of criminality be such as is admissible inour courts, and sufficient to sustain the chargemade. Now, according to Missouri law, Diggscould legally arrest Anderson; there in no questionabout that. Then Anderson committed murderin killing Diggs—not only according to theState law, but according to our Canadian law too.Can our courts then go behind your law of arrest,and inquire how it came to be enacted? Let thecase be reversed. Canadian law allows imprisonmentfor debt. There are many States in theUnion where no such thing exists. Suppose a manconfined in a Canadian jail for debt killed his jailorand effected his escape to the United States, wouldyour authorities say to us, 'We cannot surrenderhim, because we have no law of imprisonment fordebt?' Would it not suffice that the man killedhis legal custodian? Could your courts inquirehow the man came to be in jail? Can our courtsthen inquire how the law came to be in Missouriwhich gave Diggs the legal right to arrest Anderson? habeas corpus According to the practice of our Courts, thecounsel for the appellant had to speak first, andthus had to anticipate the arguments of his opponents.It does not appear to me that he fully metthis point, given above in his speech. He arguedupon the assumption that the Missouri law of slaverywould be set up by the Crown counsel, andcontended that we could not recognize it, because itwas a municipal law, not the law of the Republic.It may be, however, that there is a good answer tothe cause set forth by the Crown. The treaty isnot a provincial law, nor a British law; it is anagreement between two great nations, and must beinterpreted by the law of nations. This the counselfor the Crown stated as the basis of their argument,and Vattel was quoted to the effect that inthe construing of treaties, all things which tend toplace the contracting nations upon an equal footingmust be taken into consideration. But they lostsight of this point, that the law of arrest in Missouriis not the law of the United States; or if youlike, that the rendition of the fugitive is not demandedunder the law of the Union, but under alaw of a municipality within the Union. Diggscould legally arrest Anderson in Missouri, but notin New York. It certainly would not be placingGreat Britain upon a footing of equality with theUnited States, to demand that she should recognizemerely a municipal law. Then, again, all the evidence we have to provethat the law of Missouri is as I have stated above,rests upon the testimony of a lawyer who was importedinto Canada from that State by the slave-catchers.That may not be considered by ourcourt sufficient to sustain the charge against Anderson. There is, however, I am sorry to say, much doubtabout this, as at out all legal matters. Our Judgesmay be compelled to render a judgment adverse tothe prisoner. Depend upon it, they will not do itunless compelled. And then—the poor fellow willbe taken back, and probably burned to death bythe brutes of the South. It will go very muchagainst the grain of the people to surrender him.No attempt at rescue will be made, or, if it shouldhe, it will most certainly fail. Judgment will begiven in Thursday next in Toronto. All that thepeople of Canada can do in a legal way they willdo. Money has been subscribed for his defense,and he has been supplied with clothes. He is, Ishould suppose, about thirty years of age; a wellbuilt, powerful man, and has a very intelligent'look. Ho is now in Toronto jail. 
