 A gentleman of Chicago, direct from New Orleans,where he has been spending a short time forcommercial purposes, tolls us that we of the Northcan form no adequate idea of the blind, unreasoningpassion and insensate fury by which the people ofthat city and the extreme South are animated. Theyare for instant and unconditional dissolution of theUnion, at any price, and at all hazards. They wantno compromises, no concessions, no bargains, noamendments of the Constitution. They are for aSouthern Confederacy—nothing less. There is, hetells us, a conservative clan, but they are bornealong with the crowd, and dare not yet lift a voicein remonstrance against the extreme measures uponwhich the populace are bent; nor do they hope thatanything like reason will again rule the hour untilsome fatal act is committed which will separate theCotton States from the Union, and perhaps plungethe country into civil war. Of course, in the midstof excitement like that which reigns in New Orleans,no Northern man, unless untrue to his principles,or under the protection of powerful friends, issafe. To be suspected of Republicanism is the signalfor a warning; to be convicted of it, is to bedriven off. The moveable police force is the mobunder the name of vigilance committees, and thesethe better class of citizens are powerless to restrain.There is in tact throughout all the Cotton States anundisguised Reign of Terror. The St. Charles Hotel is the centre of the excitement.That house is the common resort of the mostviolent of the fanatics, who between their cups andtheir cursing amuse themselves with bunting up, insultingand driving of Northern ob on because theyare Northern men. When our friend left the city,the ruffians had made a clean sweep; and that caravansarywas without a resident of any of the freeStates within its walls. They bad all been compelledto leave—some to quit the city and their business,others to look up more decent quarters whereruffianism is not the rule. One evening in the readingroom of that establishment, the crowd was assembledas usual, and the Abolitionists were thetheme. Becoming excited, one man .said to bewealthy and influential, pulled nut his pocket bookand said, 'Here are $5,000 which I will subscribeto a fund to secure the assassination of LINCOIN andHANLIN. Who'll swell the pile?'  In ten minutesor less, more than $40,000 ha been offered for thisinfamous purpose, and the naught or the subscriberswere taken down. The witness of this transactionis far from believing that the was mere gasconade. INCOIN ANLIN. We are told further that masters of vessels andsteamboats, if suspected of face soil proclivities, annot safe. Only a few days ago, a captain and aclerk of a river steamer were taken off and boat,and forced by threats of hanging to make their wayNorth by the most expeditious route. It was saidthey had voted for Lincoln. Every day ship Captainsare subjected to wan ton abuse and threats ofviolence, not because they are known to be Republicans,but because they are suspected of believingthat buying and selling men is not pure Democracyand the highest evidence of Christianity. New Orleansis certainly a miniature Pandemonium. Our informant nays that on his way throughSouthern Mississippi, by coach, (the railroad trackbeing washed away for many miles.) he saw thedead bodies of two men suspended by the neck fromtrees by the road tide. In answer to the inquiry,'For what were these men hung?' he was told' becausethey were d—ned Abolitionists!' and the excusefor the barbarity displayed in permitting themto remain, rotting in the sun, was, that 'Mississippianswould not pollute the State by having thed—ned Abolitionists buried in the soil!' This fact,says our informant, displays as forcibly as anythingelse, the temper by which the extremists of thatsection of the country are impelled. In furtherproof of the insanity, he relates the escape of ProfessorMitchell, the well known astronomer of Cincinnati.He was on the cars going South, and whennear Jackson, Miss., a man somewhat inflamed withliquor, but more with pro-slavery hate. entered intoconversation with him upon political subjects. TheProfessor was cautious and reserved; but venturingto say he thought Mr. Lincoln was a conservativeman, and would not do injustice to the South, hispro-slavery friend was greatly incensed; and whenthe train halted at Jackson, jumped to the platformand shouted to the crowd about the station:'There's a d—ned Abolitionist on the train! Lynchhim! Lynch him! ' Instantly, at least fifty menjumped on, and commenced a search for the offensivespecimen of Northern opinion; but before the Professorcould be pointed out, the conductor, seeingthe danger, pulled bin bell-cord and the oars movedoff, and with them the professor, with a whole skin. We have not told a fourth that has been relatedto as of the state of opinion in the South; but wehave given enough to satisfy all parties that whenmen of the North talk about conciliating such ruffiansby compromise, they are fooling their timeaway. They mean revolution.—Chicago Tribune. Chicago Tribune. 
