 ST. NICHOLAS HOTEL NEW YORK, Dec. 6, 1860. T. ICHOLAS OTEL EW ORK Have been stopping here for a number of days;entered my name on the roister, 'from Maine,'which was true, as a mutter of fact, although mybirthplace is in Alabama, and my present residenceis Dale county, of the latter State. My object in soentering my name was to enable me butter to get at thetrue sentiment of New York in relation to the greatsecession movement going on among us. I hearmany expressions of sympathy for us in this city;and in case of an attempt to coerce us, I believe wecan safely rely upon much material aid from here, andespecially from the Irish. They hate the nigger asthey do the devil land will fight to sustain our rights,if it finally comes to that, lam inclined, however,to the opinion that we shall be allowed to go quietlyout of the Union, if the business is properly managedwith the federal government. I have canvassedthis subject as thoroughly as I can, with my facilitiesfor doing so, and find a large majority of thosewith whom I have conversed, in favor of peaceabledissolution, if we are determined to go. The reasonswhich bring them to these conclusions are asvarious as the factions to which they belong. Themerchant and trader believe that it we are left totake our own course, we will return to them topurchase our goods and sell our cotton—which tothem is above all other considerations—but that if anattempt is made to coerce us, 'even if they (we)are compelled to submit,' it will engender sucha feeling of hate that New York will get no moretrade from us. The Tribune portion of the Abolitionparty are full believers in the 'irrepressibledoctrine,' and think there will be no peace so longas we remain in the Union, and following the cue oftheir Abolition high priest and philosopher, Greeley,who furnishes more Abolition gospel than anyother man in the country, takes that ground squarely,and advocates it in his paper, the Tribune. Bennettof the Herald is with us, and says we have no courseleft to us, out of respect to ourselves, but to go oatof this detestable Union. He hates it as bad at anyof us, and would rejoice to see it broken up. He hasmuch influence with a certain class, and will, if itcomes to a rupture, encourage enlistments in NewYork to fight the North, We can defend upon that. My object in soentering my name was to enable me butter to get at thetrue sentiment of New York I believe wecan safely rely upon much material aid from here, andespecially from the Irish. They hate the nigger asthey do the devil favor of peaceabledissolution which tothem is above all other considerations takes that ground squarely,and advocates it in his paper, the Tribune. Herald is with us He hates it as bad at anyof us, and would rejoice to see it broken up. He hasmuch influence with a certain class, and will, if itcomes to a rupture, encourage enlistments in NewYork to fight the North, We can defend upon that. The Garrisonian Abolitionists, of coarse, desireus to go, hoping thereby to stir up insurrectionamong the slaves of the South, but their number isso infinitesimal, it is net worth taking into account.In fact, I know of only one man of great influenceat the North, that is disposed to attempt to coercethe South, and that is Wm. C. Bryant, of the EveningPost, and his circulation and influence is not atithe of that of Greeley's, who is, as I said before,entirely opposed to it. I beg to repeat, that it ismy honest conviction that there is no need of anypreparation for war; that M the South say they willsecede, by their convention, and appoint wise, resoluteand temperate men to negotiate with the generalgovernment, that an arrangement can be effectedwithout any war, or shedding of human bloody Ibelieve if we demand secession, that the North willforce the government to accede to our request Howevermuch disposed we may be to defend our rightswhen defence is necessary, it seems an act of folly toprecipitate a collision with the general governmentwhen we can, by negotiation, get them passably toallow us to secede. EveningPost willsecede wise, resoluteand temperate men if we demand secession, that the North willforce the government I beg your influence to help us peacefully out of theUnion, if it can be done, for if it comes to a fightwith the general government, God hums where it witend. We shall find it much earner to get in them toget out at it. If it comes to war, they expect totree all our niggers and tarn them anon as. It is astereotyped expression with them that, 'if it comesto a fight, it is the end of slavery.' Violent attemptswill be made to stir up insurrection amongthe slaves. And here I beg to caution the Southabout bringing back—until this question is disposedof—any more runaway niggers, for the danger theywill bring upon us is ten times more than their value—nay, we had better pay for them a hundred timesover. I beg your influence to help us peacefully out of theUnion, if it can be done, for if it comes to a fightwith the general government, God hums where it witend. We shall find it much earner to get in them toget out at it. for the danger theywill bring upon us is ten times more than their value—nay I have already made this communication twice aslong as I intended. Treating that yon will excessthe liberty which I take in giving yon my views, aftera thorough observation of the state of the casefrom this stand-point, and hoping it may lead as tothe attainment of our purpose in peace, I remain,year obedient servant, CHARLES C. SPENCER. 
