 The State of South Carolina, having determinedto resume a separate and equal rank among nations,deems it due to herself and the remaining UnitedStates of America and the nations of the world,that she should declare the causes which led to theact. In 1765, that portion of the British Empireembracing Great Britain, undertook to make lawsfor the government of the American colonies. Astruggle for the right of self-government ensued,which resulted on the 4th of July, 1776, in a declarationby the colonies, that they are, and of rightought to be, free and independent States, and thatas free in independent States, they have full powerto levy war, conclude peace, contract alliances, establishcommerce, and to do such things as independentStates have the right to do. They further solemnlydeclared that whenever any form of governmentbecomes destruction of these ends, it is the establishedright of the people to alter and abolish it,and institute a new government. Deeming that thegovernment of Great Britain had become destructiveof these ends, they declared the colonies free and absolvedfrom allegiance to the British crown, and thepolitical connection between them and Great Britain,was totally dissolved. The right of a State to govern itself, and the rightof the people to abolish a government when it becomesdestructive of the ends for which it was instituted,were expressed when the colonies separatedfrom the mother country, and became free and independentStates. The parties amending the Constitutionon the 17th of September, 1787, were the severalsovereign States. On the 23d of May, 1788, South Carolina, by aconvention of her people, assented to the amendedConstitution of the United States. The failure ofone of the contracting parties to maintain Constitutionalobligation releases the other. Fifteen of theNorthern States have deliberately refused for yearsto fulfill their Constitutional obligations. We wouldrefer to those States for a proof of this. When thefourth article of the Constitution was adopted. thegreater number of the contracting parties had slaves.The hostility of the Northern States to the institutionof slavery has led them to disregard their Constitutionalobligations. The laws of the generalgovernment have ceased to effect the objects of theConstitution. Maine, New Hampehise, Verment,Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, NewYork, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Indians, Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin and Iowa, bare enacted laws. eithernullifying the Constitution, or rendering useless, allattempts to execute the acts of Congress. In manyof these States, fugitives 'held to service and to labor,'have been claimed, bat in none of them hasthe State government complied with the stipulationon this subject, made in the Constitution.  In the formation of the Federal Government,each State was recognized as an equal; the rightof property in slaves was recognized by giving allfree persons distinct political rights; by giving themthe right to represent, and burdening them withdirect taxes for three-fifths of their slaves; byauthorizing the importation of slaves for twentyyears and by stipulating for the renalition of fugitivesfrom labor. The ends for which this Governmentwas instituted have been defeated, and theGovernment itself made destructive by the actionof the non-slaveholding States. These States assumedthe right of deciding upon the propriety ofour domestic institutions. They denied the rightsof property established in fifteen Skates, and recognizedby the Constitution. They have denounced assinful the institution of slavery; have permitted anopen establishment of societies whose avowal andobject are to disturb the peace/and prosperity ofthe citizens of other States; their have encouragedand assisted thousands of our slaves to leave theirhomes, and those who remain Wave been incited byemissaries, by books and pictures, to servile insurrection.Twenty-five years this agitation has beensteadily increasing, until they have secured thepower of common government. Observing theforms of the Constitution/ a sectional party hasfound within that article establishing an executivedepartment, means of subverting the Constitutionitself. A geographical line has been drawn acrossthe Union, and all States north of that line haveunited in the elevation of a man to the high office ofPresident of the U.S. whose opinions and purposesare hostile to slavery. He is to be entrusted withthe administration of the common Government,because it is declared that a government cannotendure permanently half slave and half free, andthat the public mind must rest in the belief thatslavery is in the course of ultimate extinction. Thesectional combination for the subversion of theConstitution has been aided in the States by elevatingto citizenship persons who, by the supremelaw of the land, are incapable of becoming citizens,and their votes have been used to inaugurate thenew policy hostile to the South, and destructive toits peace and safety. On the 4th of March next,this party will take possession of the Government.It has been announced that the South shall be excludedfrom the common territory; that the judicialtribunals will be made sectional; that warmust be waged against slavery until it shall ceasethroughout the United States. The guarantees ofthe Constitution will then no longer exist—equalrights of the States will be lost—the slaveholdingStates will no longer have the power of self-governmentor self-protection, and the FederalGovernment have become their enemy. Sectionalinterests and animosity will deepen the irritation,and all hope of remedy is rendered vain by thefact that the public opinion of the North has investedthe political error with the sanction of amore erroneous religious belief. We, therefore, the people of South Carolina, byour delegates in convention assembled, appealingto the Supreme Judge of the world for the rectitudeof our intentions, have solemnly declared theUnion heretofore existing between this and theother States of North America, dissolved, and thatthe State of South Carolina has resumed her positionamong the nations of the world as a free,sovereign, independent State, with full power tolevy war, conclude peace, contract alliances, establishcommerce, and do all other acts and thingswhich independent States have a right to do; andfor the support of this declaration, with a firm reliancefor protection on Divine Providence, we mutuallypledge each other our lives, our fortune andour sacred honor. 
