 In the last number of the Liberator, we laidbefore our readers the strong and excellent Protestagainst American Slavery, signed by the formidablenumber of THREE HUNDRED AND THREEUniversalist Ministers in the United States. Belowis a synopsis of the reasons for not signing the Pro-test of those ministers of that denominationwho declined appending their names to it. This de-partment of our paper has never contained as articlemore decidedly 'rich.' 'rich.' The language of the Resolution which originatedthe Protest in reference to the duty of the Commit-tee,is,— They shall publish the Protest and Signa-tures, with the reasons offered by those who do notsign it.' It was not, therefore, contemplated to pub-lish the names of those who might vindicate the in-stitution of Slavery, or object to the measure adopt-ed; and not a name of this class would have beenknown, had not individuals seen fit to address theCommittee through periodicals, rather than by thecourse contemplated , that of private letters. Theremarks which have been made, charging upon theoriginators of the protest a design to hold up topublic odium those brethren who might be found todiffer from them, were entirely gratuitous, and sa-vored not in the least of true tolerance, or thatcharity t ht 'thinkith no evil.' And so also withthe strong declamation in respect to the movementbeing political, in direct violation of the preface ofthe Protest itself, which professes only the addingof something to the moral power that is creating adeep horror at the monstrous wrongs of Slavery,and that shall gather strength and greatness till hu-man nature cannot withstand the majesty of thedemand to 'let the oppressed go free." It such amovement is political, it is the politics of Christian-ity, that can not be set aside by him who regardsthe rights of humanity as older than charters andbills of sale, and who, as a minister of Christ, mustpreach the duties, as well as the doctrines of Chris-tianity—what is to be done, as well as what is tobe believed. The fears expressed concerning thetendency of the movement to produce is separationin the denomination, in like manner as the questionof Slavery has separated other ecclesiastical bodies,have been by overlooking two facts—first, the Protest emanated from a Mass Meeting,and not from a Convention or Association, and istherefore a different matter from a document origin-ating with a regularly constituted denominationalConvention or Association. And, second, if thereis a tendency in this movement to separate us, assimilar matters have separated Conventions, it willonly show that our boasts of possessing a better re-ligion, a more affectionate and fraternal faith, onlycondemn ourselves for doing as others, with a lessliberal and Christianizing creed, have done. 'Unionis strength,' but only where purity is the bindingprinciple, and tolerance is the test of faith. preface doctrines A large pamphlet would be required to publishthe letters entire as received, but many of them dobut repeat the ideas of others, and it is thought bestto give a general synopsis, whereby the reasons ofthe several writers will be concisely given. In afew cases, the whole letter may be published, forthe singularity of the reasons offered against theProtest. Justice will be attempted in reference tothe whole matter, and no misrepresentation shalloccur which care can possibly prevent. (1) Refusal to sign the Protest is made,— 1. Because Slavery has existed from time imme-morial, and belongs to the essential order of things. Protest, are not defined. defined. 3. Becasue the whole matter of Slavery is a po-litical question, with which we have nothing to do. 4. Because foreign influence has been exertedto foment difficulties between the States, and theAnti-Slavery movement originated with foreigners,who would destroy the Republic by aiming to de-stroy of union between the States. 5.Because the condition of the Slaves is betterhere than that of the Africans, or the lower classesin all other nations. 6. Becasue the evils of Slavery were entailedby the mother country upon the Colonies, againsttheir will and the inheriting States must bear withthe evil, as remediable. 7. Because of the example of Jesus, who didnot protest against Slavery that existed in his day. 8. Because of the golden rule,—If we held slavein accordance with law, we should not wish othersto interfere with the enjoyment of our rights. 9. Becasue of the Protest may kindle fires of dis-cord in the Denomination, that will burn till charityis all consumed, and dismemberment ensues. 10. Because the instances of divisions in otherdenominations, from the introduction of the Slaveryquestion, should be a warning to us to desist frommeddling with the matter. 11. Becausethe reasons which will justify thisProtest, will justify the issuing of one against allevils, and we should have them without number, ifwe carried out the principle. 12. Because it is designed as a test, to expose toodium and those who do not sign it.  13. Because the Apostles left no protests againstSlavery, but, on the contrary, gave full instructionsto slaves to be obedient. 14. Because the assertion in the Protest, in ref-erence, to no one having a right to own his fellow-being, is opposed to the parental and matrimonialrelations. 15. Because all interference with the conditionof the slaves only serves to increase the evils oftheir situation. The laws against permitting themto learn and write, had their origin in suchinterference.  16. Because the Slaves cannot be benefited byfreedom, but must ever be reduced below the whites,for the two races can never live in peace on theground of equality : and while they are in the samecountry, the one will be master of the other. 17. Because the crusade against Slavery over-looks the wants of society around us, and in beingbusy with the mote in our brother's eye, we forgetthe beam that is in our own eye. 18. Because the amelioration of the Slaves de-pends on the spread of the spirit of the gospel,and ministers cannot preach the gospel, if they areknown to be favorable to the protest; it will shutthem out from the South, and destroy all our influ-ence there.  19. Because the Protest savors too much of mod-ern Abolitionism, and goes against chartered rightsand privileges.  20. Because it has a tendency to unchristiazemy brother at the South—the slaveholder. 21. Because it is impolitic.  22. Because it will separate Universalists, andgive rise to a distinct body west of the Mountains.  23. Because Abolitionism has no piety, but ismere partyism, with selfish aims.  24. Because if Slavery is abolished, there willbe 20,000 paupers to each State in the Union, ifall have their share. 25. Because a severe direct taxation would befelt if the two millions of slaves were let loose, in or-der to prepare and furnish means to defend com-munities against them. 26. Because ministers are bound to live at peacewith all men and this movement will have a ten-dency to alienate the feelings of some, so that wecan do them no good. 27. Because our duty is to preach thegospel—and pray that all may become its true disciples. (1) These appropriate introductory remarks are byHENRY BACON, in behalf of the Committee.—Ed. Lib28. Because no good can arise from simply aprotest; it is utterly useless.29. Because the signing of it would immediatelyterminate my influence in this ( a Southern) cityand State, and Universalism is of more consequencethan the protest.30. Because I cannot subscribe to all the sentimentsof the protest.31. Because nobody has authority to ask for mysignature—I do not recognize nor concede the rightor business of any man or body of men to coerce orconx me to sign the Protest.32. Because we are all slaves—some to pride,some to appetite, some to passions, &c.33. Because the slaves at the South are betteroff, in every respect, than the free blacks at thenorth, and generally enjoy more of the comfort of life.34. Because slavery is not a religious, but a civ-il institution.35. Because the Protest emanated from an irresponsiblemooting, where action was taken withoutany delegated authority.36. Because it will be a very unwise and imprudentstep for us, as a denomination, to take, tocommence the discussion and agitation of this intricateand differently viewed subject.37. Because we have all that we can do, as ministersof the gospel, to discuss matters and subjectsregarding our slaves at home. Those that suffermost, bound in the strongest chains, and kept inthe darkest prisons, should engage our sympathyand be liberated first. Ed. Lib Two brief letters will now be given entire:— I. 'I decline. My reasons are, to be brief,—1.Because Slavery existed in the days of the Patriarchsand Prophets.2. Because it is sanctioned in the Old Testament.3. Because it is nowhere condemned in the Bible.4. Because, 'what God reveals,' his quite enoughto know." existed sanctioned condemned II ' As God works all things after the council of hisown will, he has permitted the blacks to be enslavedby the American people, and works that Slaveryaccording to his will. And has not influenced me toact in the matter—and, my not being a free agent,I cannot sign your Circular. 
