 HAWICE, TRVIOTDALE, March 8, 1846. AWICE RVIOTDALE DEAR FRIEND : EAR RIEND It is first day. I stay in my house till 7—then Imust go and lecture on Non-Resistance, though so and sore in my lungs, by reason of a cold, thatI can hardly speak aloud. This town has 6000 inhabitants—lies on the river Teviot, in Teviotdale, 50miles south of Edinbargh, 90 miles from the jnnationof the Teviot and Tweed, and near the border betweenEngland and Scotland. I lecture here fourtimes—twice on Slavery and Free Church. I canspend this day no better than to copy for you the following. It speaks for itself.  PERTH, Jan. 26,1846. ERTH DEAR MR. WRIGHT : EAR R. RIGHT I have read your pamphlet on the 'DISSOLUTIONOF THE AMERICAN UNION.' So bideous does slaveryappear, as there represented, and so diabolical arethe sentiments of men whom I have hitherto beenaccustomed to view as the noble, the wise, and thegood of the world, the very 'salt of the earth,' and soamazingly absurd and inconsistent the vauntings ofAmerican republicanism and liberty, while one sixthof the population is held in the most abject slaveryby these vaunters and boasters of freedom, that Ireally know not what to think — such has been theperturbation of mind which the revelations of thepamphlet have occasioned within me. The Americanpeople and Constitution seem to me to form themost perfect anomaly which history has ever recorded. How slavery can find any sympathy in thosewho have declared so much about independence andfreedom is to me incomprehensible. How piety canexist and revivals of religion take place amid suchawful corruption and inhumanity, is really incredible.But for slavery, I believe America might be the firstnation on the earth ; but for slavery, I believe her reformatoryinfluence might be felt and obeyed by everycivilized power; but for slavery, I believe ourfellow men in America might prove the most triumphantharbingers, and the most successful and undauntedlaborers in the cause of morals and religionslavery is the bane—the worm of corruption at theroot of the social system of America, and until it isremoved, it is utterly impossible that that countrycan make any advancement. ISSOLUTIONOF THE MERICAN NION. declared It grieves me to think that men, holding the officeof Christian ministers, should give the wicked causeto praise them, and be found associated with the vilestof human kind. But, however trying to my feelingsit may be to abandon as the most savage beings,men who rank high as senators, judges, doctors ofdivinity, and the like, yet the truth must be spokenI would not, dare not, keep back one single iota ofthe truth. I pronounce slavery wrong, impious, brutalizing,damnable, with circumstances I have nought to do.let every man act as in the sight of God , and therewill be no supposed mitigating circumstances in thecase. Those men are blind, willingly and knowinglyblind, who affirm the impossibility or impracticabilityof abolition. The method of acting with slaveryshould be the same as was and is done with drunkenness, drunkards, and drunkard-makers. Social customwas strong for the latter; but some one had tobegin, to become singular, to endure obloquy and persection, before the tide of public opinion waschanged, and the 'Alcoholic' trade was pronouncedinfamous. So must it be with slavery. Shallowprelences for the love of peace and unity in thechurches; ideas of delicacy and difficulty in dealingwith deacons, ministers and others ; fears for politicaldisturbances and riots and bloodshed, &c.—this is nonsense.  Well, a goodly number have declared a war of extirpationagainst American Slavery, and it only requiresthat men act individually, and there will beformed one overwhelming and all powerful phalanx,which shall make ' a strong pull, a long pull, anda pull altogether,' and we will bring this iniquitoussystem to naught and consign it to everlasting oblivion. I am, with best wishes and respects, Your sincere friend, JAMES MILLER RCHARD RVIOTBALE DEAR GARRISON : EAR ARRISON The following is from the minister of —a town near the junction of the Earn with the said to have been founded in 456. The calders oncehad a University here. It was the capital of thePietish kingdom—now a pretty little village, abouteight miles below Perth.   Earn  calders ABBANLTRY, Jan. 6, 1846. BBANLTRY Dear brother in the common cause of Freedom: Thanks, hearty and unfeigned, for the pamphlets.I have read them, especially the one on the 'Di-lution of the American Union. I most confess thattill now, I was very ignorant of the condition of theunited States, its internal government, and the basicof its confederacy. I had not conceived that such anamount of injustice was in wrought in its Constitution—that each State was linked to another by blood androbbery,and maintained and defended by might andtyranny. And all this by churches and ministerscalling themselves Christians!  Did I believe that any state, system or governmentwas placed beyond the influence of public opinion,or the vengeance of a just and an omniscient God,I could only regard your exertions as stark madnessmore worthy of pity than contempt. But believingas I do, that the United States of America, strongand powerful though she be, fortified and entrenchedby wealth, arms, prejudices and passions of bad men,and a time-serving priesthood, yet that government,them states, and their boasted confederation, are assailableand vulnerable. The progress of publicopinion, the force of truth, the power of reason, andthe omni potency of religion, shall soon, by the blessingof God, break them asunder, and dash them inpieces. publicopinion truth, the power of reason religion And the dismemberment of these States may benearer than we think. America contains within herown bosom elements sufficient, at no distant hour, toaccomplish her destruction—to do all, in short,that the friends of freedom could desire. Justice,right and truth are progressing. 'Great is the truth,and it shall prevail.' But because we see these signsof the times, and are certain of a successful issue tothe great and glorious cause, the friends of libertyare by no means to slack their hands, or cease theirefforts, but rather, by more united exertions, help tobastes their brethren's emancipation. to do all, in short,that the friends of freedom could desire. Whether, then, your noble efforts be directedagainst the unholy union of those States, which underthe name and guise of Liberty, tramples uponher sacred rights and laws, or whether directedagainst the effects of that ungodly compact, in detail,may God prosper your philanthropic endeavors. Thework is great and good. I am proud to have it in mypower to may a word of encouragement to any oneconnected with the cause, and more especially to theable champion of the stolen man's rights. Should you ever visit this locality, I shall be happyif you would consider my house your home whileyou may remain. Excuse me for sending the enclosedcontribution. My dear brother, yours very faithfully A. POLLOCK BLACK. 
