 March 19,1846.  DEAR GARRISON: : EAR ARRISON: This is a most beautiful town, on the banks of theJed—once the principal border town, now the countrytown of Roxburghshire, and having 7000 population. Eight hundred years ago, this town, with itsmagnificent Abbey, was the theatre of constant strifeand blood in the border wars. It has been a golgothe and a field of blood. It stands about two milesfrom the confluence of the Jed with the Teviot—but I wish to snatch the moments, while stayinghere, to transcribe the following letter, written by aman who spent three or four years all over Englandand Scotland, agitating the great question ofSuffrage  ; and who has acted no inconsiderable partin this movement, as well as in carrying the ReformBill.  Suffrage  ARBROATN, Jan. 2, 1846. RBROATN DEAR FRIEND : EAR RIEND I have read the pamphlet on the 'Dissolution ofthe American Union.' What a basis of representtionand political Union! But the evil lies deepin the condition of American society. The ideasof the people must undergo a great change, beforethe slaves can be freed. In fact the slave is heldin bonds, in the name of religion, and it is painful toknow that this is done by the professed followers ofChrist. In England and in America, every oppressionhas the sanction of religious men. They donot openly justify such evils. No—no—they onlysanction the crimes, and say, ' you cannot say,  I didit' There is little cause for surprise, then , that theleaders of the Free Church, in this country, give theright hand of fellowship to the slaveholding churchesof America.  I didit' If I am to judge of the Free Church by the conductof its members and ministers in Arbroath, therecan be only one opinion about their brotherhood, andthat is, that its spirit is not the spirit of Christ. Theysympathize with men-stealers, give them the benefittheir prayers, such as they are, and refuse to acknowledgethe Christian character of those who belongto the establishment in Scotland ; the same confessionof faith serving both. Your lectures here created no little stir. The firsteffect arising from them was, that, some one, whocould handle a painter's brush, painted upon the walls, in large letters, 'BUILT FROM THE BLOODOF SLAVES.' This was done upon two of thefree Churches. The letters I saw with my owneyes, last Sunday. Since you left Arbroath, there has been a lettereach week, in the Northern Warder, published inDundee, from the Free Church and Dissenting Ministers, respectively, in which you are more or less referredto. It is now closed, in consequence of thecorrespondent of the Warder refusing to give up hisname. The substance of their letters consisted inthe Free Church party endeavoring to prove that Mr.S. gave his church to you, because of his bad feelingstowards the Free Church ; and that Mr. A. heldup his hand for your second lecture. This, Mr. A.has solemnly denied ; and the Free Church hasbrought forward four members, one of them being anelder of their own church, to state that they sat inthe same seat with Mr. A., and that he voted for yoursecond lecture. Mr. A., or the four man, are placedin a most painful position. I hope your health is such as to enable you to carryforward your great mission, the redemption of theslave from the bondage of his brother man. Maygod sustain you in your labor of love and good willto the poor, despised black men. Adieu! ABRAHAM DUNCAN. H.C. WRIGHT. 
