 DEAR GARRISON : EAR ARRISON This is a pretty town, of 3000 inhabitants, on theleft bank of the Tweed, 10 miles below Kelso, and10 above Berwick. Here Monk had his head quarters, and after forming the regiment, called the ColdstreamGuards, marched them to England to fightCharles II. On the throne. This is a second GretnaGreen, where the English run over the borders toget married. Opposite the river is England. Nearthis, on the banks of the river Till, was fought thebattle of Flodden, Sept. 9,1518, where 10,000 Scotsand 6000 English lay out to pieces, dead, at sundown. Here I delivered two lectures on Americanslavery and the Free Church, in the Church of Rev.Dr. Thompson, who has been the means of destroyingthe monopoly of the Bible Society, compellingthem to put down the price, so that a complete Biblemay now be had, for 8 pence (16 cents.) But I wishto send you the following, written by a stern, stanchadvocate of freedom. Flodden, PITCAIRLY HOVIX, Fishire,February 4th, 1846. ITCAIRLY OVIX  MY DEAR SIR : Y EAR IR I tender you my warmest thanks for removing mymisapprehensions in reference to American slavery,by your pamphlet on the ' DISSOLUTION OF THEUNION.' and for giving me such a distinct view ofthat dark combination, that system of organized villany, whose downfall every human being who has notcontrived to dethrone the feelings of humanity, wouldrejoice to behold ! American slaveholding ! Methinksa parallel to it is only to be found in the governmentof the prince of darkness ! Shocking spectacle! My brother herded with brutes ! My bloodchills when I read the dark details, and I can scarcelyhelp but exclaim—Why does vengeance carry solong? Arise, O Lord, and vindicate the Americanslaves ! Awake, O sword of retribution, and fallwith all thy might on the monsters in human forum,who thus trample on humanity.' Christianity uttersa voice of thunder against the monstrous profanationof its sacred name, by those wrees whose heartsare allied to fiends.  Sooner for would I, as a Christian, fraternize withthieves, with robbers, with pirates or murderers, thanwith the authors of such deeds of darkness, whichSatan himself might black to own. Poor afflictedsons of Africa! Would that I could console you, by assuring you that we, the sons of Britain, regardyou as our brethren; yes, on a level with ourselves.your tyrant masters, and not you, we regard as rankbelow the brutes. All I meet with, who have seen thatpamphlet,hold in utter detestation the horrible compact whichyou have so ably exposed, and feel indignant at theinsult which the Free Church has offered to Christianity, by fostering in the minds of those savage slaveholdersthe belief, that there can be any union or symthybetween it and men who live by theft, robbery,and piracy and whose protection is injustice, cruelty,and cold-blooded murder. Let those blood-stainedtyrants tell us what concord Christ has with Belial,and then we will tell them what concord we havewith them. From the bottom of my heart, I wish you GodSpeed in your noble and warm-hearted exertions inBehalf of American Slaves! American Slaves! I am yours, most sincerely, G.C. MORRISON. H.C. Wright. right. 
