 Kilso, Tweeddale, March 14, 1846. DEAR GARRISON : EAR ARRISON This is a sweet town, of 6000 inhabitants, on theleft bank of the Tweed, near the entrance of theTeviot into it, 50 miles up the river from Berwick.at the South are the Cheviot hills—to the Northwest and West, the Eldon and Minto hills. Nearby is Ednem, where Thomson, author of the 'Seasons,' was born. In Kelso are the remains of an oldabbey ; built by the Saxons, 'a long, long time ago,'where monks played off their tom-foolery in the shapeof holy prayers, holy confessions, holy songs, holybowings, holy kneelings, holy crossings, and all sortsof holy rites and forms ; no more acceptable to Himwho is a Spirit, than the shouts and dances aroundMoloch. A little above the town is Roxburgh Castle,where kings and queens, 700 years ago, played withkingdoms as boys do with marbles. There are lotsof interesting place and things in and about Melon;but I cannot mind them now. I had rather send thefollowing extract from a letter, written by a dear,noble man, the friend of the people, and a minister,a son of the Rev. Dr. Carpenter, of Bristol, knownand justly loved by thousands in this kingdom. holy prayers, holy confessions, holy songs, holybowings, holy kneelings, holy crossings, holy STAND, January 16, 1846. TAND  DEAR HERRY: EAR ERRY: A hungry man does not quarrel with a quarter ofa round of bread because it is not a loaf; andI was delighted to get even that little line. Youought not to be among those cold, bleak Grampiansat this time of the year. You ought to be at mymother's, in the South, or down here with us. Youspeak from experience of the wearing life of anApostle ; and as yours in  anything but an ironconstitution, you have no right to throw away whatstrength you have yet remaining. Susan and I willbe delighted to see you here any time, for as long oras short a time as you can.  You ask my opinion of the AMERICAN UNION,in its relation to slavery, as developed in your Dinolotionpamphlet. I must say, I was amused when Iread it, and thought of it. I was quite unpreparedfor the strength of pro-slavery influence in theunion. We, in this country, are accustomed to considerthe United States a free government—morefree than our own ; but it appears that it is so formedas to perpetuate slavery. It seems grossly incensestent, that, after fighting to throw off the yoke ofwood, which England had fixed, they should turnround and rivet the yoke of iron on a large portion oftheir own population. If they had distinctly spokenof slaves, I should have had a higher idea of theirconsistency ; but the evasive expressions you quote,seem to show that they knew they were doing wrong.henceforth, I shall not think so highly of WASHINGTON, and the rest, whom we have been trainedto admire as the patterns of Christian slaveholders. It is often said, both in England and America, thatwe English are nearly as bad, in consequence of ouraristocratic influence, and the condition of our workingpopulation. But I never met an English laborer,however much oppressed, who wished to be an Americanslave. Cruel enough are they sometimes in England, but I believe English blood would always shudderat selling humanity like horse-flesh, and breedingtheir own sons and daughters for bondage. Yet themmen are your governors, and Christians ! Such astate of things makes republication a by-word andscoff : and yet the Americans crow over on becauseof our aristocracy ! We are bad enough : we denythe right of voting to the poor: but to add theirvotes ( or three-fifth of them) to the masters is aconsummation of tyranny which I could hardly havebelieved. I am not politician enough to decide onthe propriety of dissolving either the American orthe British Union; but that the Free States are nowtrampled upon, and that the American Government,so far from being a model to the world, is really atyrannical and humanity-crushing alliance, seems tome plain. It makes me shudder to see such fearfulevils. Nothing but faith in Christianity could supportme. But war and slavery are doomed. It isonly the food that can live humanity horse-flesh Thinks ever, PHILIP P. CARPENTER. H.C. WRIGHT 
