 DEAR GARRISON; EAR ARRISON; From the following letter, touching a Soiree inDundee you will see how things go on here in referenceto anti-slavery agitation. DUNDEE, March 7, 1846. UNDEE, March 7, 1846. DEAR FRIEND: I wish to let you know how we stand in referenceto matters here. In the first place, the Soiree is gotup 'in hones of Messrs. Douglass; Wright and Buffuro,' and the tickets are selling so fast, that we haveevery prospect that the house will be crowded to excess. Should it be known that you were not to bepresent , we are sure it would cast a damp over theprospect of the whole. This you will the more perceiveto be the case , when I inform you that we havea letter from Dr. Ritchie, of Edinburgh, to-day, sayingthat it will not be in his power to attend. Now what are we to do? Are we to allow ourFriends of the Free Church to report our meeting inThe Warder as a failure? I trust not , and to preventthis, allow me to say, that you mustcome. You seewe cannot do without you. The need has been sownhere; friends to our cause in the Free Church aretelling us— 'just keep at us—push us on—we needall the assistance you can give us—we have all theprejudices of our Church (the Free) to contend with;so, unless you push us on, we shall not be able tocontend so effectually.' Such is the language ofsome of those who are moving in the Free Church.Such is the language of some of the active moversAmong them to myself. Free must just keep at us Now that we may give these men a second strongband of help, to push them on , and also to illumine theactive members of the Free Church who do wish morelight upon this subject, after the dust that has beenthrown into their eyes by their leaders; to counteracttheir influence, do come that the meeting may be effectivein dispelling doubt, in giving light, instrengthening weak hands, in giving a strong impulseto right against wrong. You may not be aware, that one of the Free ChurchSessions is split upon this question, and it was onlycarried against sending back the money by the castingvote of the Moderator,—Rev. Mr. Burns, and to bushup the matter until the next Assembly. This theminority have not consented to do ; only they haveagreed not to act till after the Lord's supper is dispensednext month. And they will not remain inthe communion, unless the Free Church repudiatesthe connexion with slaveholders. Thus the matter has taken root here. All we nowWant is, another good meeting to keep this matter fullybefore the Free Church and the public. We havegone into the thing, and we cannot think of your absentingyourself on any account. If you have anothermeeting in Hawick, we will pay your expenses backagain, and we will pay the to this. Do not disappointus. We expect a great meeting, and a goodmany Free Church people, and we will get a goodreport in the papers. Bring a great many of yourpamphlets, for we require them here for distributionamong all parties. May we see you at Dundee onTuesday, is the earnest wish of the Committee. Yours, WM. HALKET. I send the above, solely to let you use how the peoplefeel in Dundee. It is the same in most of theprincipal towns. I did not attend—had an engagementin Teviotdale—besides, was sadly afflicted thenwith hoarsness and soreness of lungs, of which I amnow better. They had a glorious meeting, concerningwhich, James and Frederick will inform you, andyou will see by the papers which I presume theywill send. I had no fear of its being a failure, and itwas not. I copy the following, to let you see the spirit withWhich I have contended the last fourteen months. Itwas handed to me as I entered the meeting is Berwick, in which I was to review the Free Church, andthere was a great excitement in the town. BERWICH, March 25, 1846. Sir, Last night, as I left rev. Mr. Peden's churchwhere you lectured, I bought one of your tracts. Atthe 45th page, you speak of the Delegates of the Freechurch going to America, and receiving money as areward for admitting slaveholders to be members ofsaid church. I will content myself with saying, thatany one who has common sense, and has taken an impartialview of the affair, must pronounce it false.Admittingthe Free Church to be wrong in taking thismoney, you are as bad as they, and I'll show you how. Irather think you had a white shirt  on last night—cotton.Who was it that toiled for the material of that shirt?slaves! If I were you, I would either hold my tongueabout the Free Church, or never wear a cotton shirt.do you take sugar in your tea? If you do, you drinkthe slave's blood, by your own account. Who toiledfor that sugar? Not slaves, of course! No !! No!!!are you not afraid the sugar poisons you? Recollect,I am not defending slavery—I condemn it as heartilyas you do. But look at home, before you condemnabroad. What business have you with the Freechurch? Mind your own affairs, and let the FreeChurch mind theirs. You have come to Berwick,and all you have done is to now discord among thepeople false. white shirt  slaves! of course! I am, sir, yours, &c. W.M. M.L. HENRY C. WRIGHT. This is the last strong hold, the citadel into whichthe Free Church leaders have all fled. The answer toall this is—'To get the slave-grown cotton and sugar,we do not agree to fellowship slaveholders as Christians, and to help cast the damning guilt of slaveholdingfrom them upon the system or institution of slavery. I have raised the cry—'send back that money'—solely because the leaders, Chalmers, Cunninghamand Candlish declare, if they give up the fellowship, that they must give up the dollars, and that theycannot give up the fellowship while the money is intheir coffers. send back that money' HENRY C. WRIGHT. 
