 BOWLING BAY, (rr Glasgow,)  March 31,1846. DEAR FRIEND GARRISON: EAR RIEND ARRISON: As friend Douglass is not to write you by thissteamer, I thought I would say a word as to what weare doing , and let you know that we are at work, andthat the cause of humanity is still onward in Scotland. Friend Douglass and I have been in Scotland nearlythree months. During that time, we have heldlarge, and enthusiastic meetings in Perth, Dundee,Arbroath, Montrose and Aberdeen, in the North,Which have created a great sensation. Many of ourmeeting have been crowded almost to suffocation, althoughwe have bad the largest places that could beprocured. The most commodious churches have beenopened, and the ministers came out to aid the causeonward. All seem to take the deepest interest, withthe exception of the Free Church. They have goneto the slaveholders, and taken the fruit of the toil ofthe unpaid bondman, and now have declared, as theprice, that not to fellowship slaveholders as Christianswould be very unjustifiable . But this declarationis only from the leaders in the church . Themembers of that church have no fellowship with thisact ,and they are becoming more and more dissatisfied, and will yet speak out in tones not to be disregardedby even the leaders. as theprice We have held meetings in the west of Scotland—the towns of Ayr, Kilmanock and Paisley, whichhave been the most satisfactory to us and the people.We have now commenced a series of meetings in theVale of Leven, the place from which, as you willrecollect, we had that thrilling remonstrate againstour slave system in 1837, which, when it was unrolledin our annual meeting, caused such a thrill of joy topass through all present. The people are still thesame warm-hearted friends of the cause they werein 1837. They will again remonstrate in more earnesttones. You can hardly understand what a deep abhorrencethe people have here for American slaveholding.coupled as it is with such high-sounding professionsof liberty, it becomes ugly by the contract. We are soon to be joined in a series of meetings inGlasgow and Edinburgh, by our true-hearted andeloquent friend, GEORGE THOMPSON. The peopleare being aroused . Friend Douglass has caused agreat sensation. When he stands up before an audiencein this country, and tells the story of his prisonhouse, they see before them a man so noble in figure,so eloquent in speech , informing them, in his own powerfulmanner, that he has been a slave twenty-oneyears of his life, and that he would be liable, if hestepped on American soil, to be hurled back into interminablebondage, and that , too, in accordance withthe Constitution of the United States:—when hetells them that there are three millions such as himselfin bondage the most cruel, for whom Christ died,and among them he has four sisters and one brother;when he tells them that the laws which bind them intheir chains are framed and supported by men callingthemselves Christians, and who profess to believe inthat Saviour who came to preach deliverance to thecaptives, and the opening of the prison to them thatare bound#x2014;then it is that the horrid Character of Slaveryis so revealed, that they see it in its true light,and they start back with dismay at the depravity ofa nation, that can be so lost to every feeling of humanity. I cannot but blush for my country; and I couldnot hold up my head in Scotland, were it not that Iam doing something to wipe away this stain. I wouldsay more, but I must close. I will write you againin a few days. We are to have two steamers themonth, and you will bear from us oftener than heretofore. I am writing this at the house of our excellentfriend JOHN MURRAY, who is to go to-night withus to a meeting at Bonhill, and it is now almost timeto leave. I am, with much love, yours in the cause, JAMES N. BUFFUM. 
