 DEAR GARRISON: EAR ARRISON I am at last, for the first time, in Berwick, so renownedin Scottish and English history, in Connexionwith Wallace, Bruce, Edward, Northumberland, andDongles, and many other of the butchers and tigersOf mankind. It is a town of about 10,000 inhabitants, being a kind of neutral town, subject to England, but, like Nantucket, belonging to no State, havinga government of its own, in many respects. It is aseaport, the only one of note between Newcastle andLeith. I am to lecture here on non-resistance andslavery four times. It is Sundy—the day that in calledholy, and which religionists, whose religion is an observance, as institution, rather than a principle, consecrate, as they say, to God. Judging form their actions, they keep the day holy, in lieu of keepingthemselves holy—they consecrate the day to God,rather than themselves. They substitute a holy dayfrom a holy life—a holy observance for a holy heart—I am disgusted with this religion of holy days andchurches, holy priests and elders, and slaveholding,war-making and toddy-drinking men and slaveholding,Christianity makes holy men and women—teetotal,anti-slavery and non-resisting men and women—andtakes no note of holy days, holy houses, holy pulpits,holy bands and gowns and priesthood.  Sundy day themselves day day life heart Dear friend, I am just heart sick at what I sea andhear around me! Such an everlasting rout madeabout holy church and governmental combinations,holy sacraments, holy times and places, holy performancesand observances—and so little said aboutholy MEN and WOMEN. Like the Pharisees and Sadduceesof old, they take care to keep the cups and ;plattersholy, but themselves often the personificationof corruption. They degrade and pollute theman, but keep holy the Sabbath and the Church!if the efforts, now being make in Scotland andAmerica to have men keep a day holy, were all expendedto persuade them to keep their hearts holyfrom ambition, anger, revenge, lust and avarice, andtheir lives holy and pure from drunkenness, was andslavery, and to induce them to love as Jesus loved,to forgive as he forgave, and to make his righteousnesstheir own, by imitating his spirit and life—theonly way in which His righteousness can be of anyuse to them—then we might hope to see a gloriouschange come over society, and the peaceful kingdomof God's dear Son dash in pieces all other kingdoms,and consume them forever. But I wish to spend aportion of this day in copying the following letterfrom H.C. Howells. You and your readers may decide, whether I desecrate the day or myself by sospending it. My conscience tells me, I do not desecratemyself. man, day KINGSDOWN PARADE, BRISTOL, 1846. INGSDOWN ARADE, RISTOL, DEAR HENRY EAR ENRY I had obtained no particular information concerningthe Evangelical Alliance, till the evening beforeI received your welcome scrap, with the letter to thatbody. It had occurred to me, what a fine opportunityto present the three millions of manacled, fettered,bleeding slaves, as plaintiff against their oppressors,before such a body. Judge, them, how my soulbounded with thanksgiving to God, and love to theauthor of that precious document, while I perused,Or rather its up, its truth-telling pages! its up, There is a glorious battle hold before us, whereOne must chase a thousand, and ten put ten thousandto flight. Mr. C., minister, is well pleased withthe address. He thinks it will cause a division, asthe Free Church have taken part with the men-stealers, but no doubt the Kirk and all English Dissenterswill go for a rejection of slaveholders.  Well, I shall rejoice at any division and overturning, that may issue in the rescue of my own fleshand blood, and kindred souls.  It is a happy event that the Alliance is to be composedof individual Christians, not Societies. Sothat, should the pro-slavery part of the Free Churchstand aloof, the others may unite, and no doubt will.We shall shortly have a meeting in Bristol, to assistin forming the Alliance. I have put the address incirculation. Send me twenty-five more, and I willsend you stamps. I think all the Christians in Bristolwill be true to the slave. Take care of yourself,your longs, the night air, &c.. You cannot leave Englandtill after the Alliance Convention. Your wifeand friends must spare you a little longer for thelord's service in this land. I hope dear Garrison,Weld and Tappan will come over in June.  Free Yours, H.C. HOWELLS. H.C. WRIGHT. RIGHT. 
