 DEAR GARRISON: EAR ARRISON: I cannot now tell you of my doings here, aboutMelrose Abbey, and other things connected with thissweet spot. I cannot new speak of the Eildon hills,and my visit to them, of the remains of an old Romanencampment on one, and of Abbotsford, and of myvisit to it, on the Tweed, as it wades around the baseof these hills. I cannot speak of Dryburgh abbey, theburial please of Waltes Scott, the Tory novelist, thedespiser of the people—of my visit to it, and theglorious motto over the entrance— No AMERICAN TOBE ALLOWED TO ENTER  IF AN IS A SLAVEHOLDER!' These I must leave, and copy a letterrespecting the Free Church I received the otherday at Kelso. The Free Kirk leaders, in their spousesand writings, have basted theirs is the pared churchin the world. If so, what went the other be?You may be sure that the following may be makeas a specimen of their churches generally is I havebeen assured often by their own members. No won-der Doctor Cunningham, declares of churches, com-of men-stealers, that 'their rolls of membershipwould present as large a proportion of convertedpersons as that of the Evangelical (Free) Churchesof Scotland. And such combinations of men arecalled churches of Christ! I believe on of thefirst steps towards membership in Christ's church is,escape form these war making, save-breeding, slave-holding, toddy-drinking see tartan organizations. Theyare 'synagogues of Satan. But read the followingletter.  MERICAN TOBE ALLOWED TO ENTER  HAWREK, March 4th, 1846. AWREK, Sir: I perceive that your lectures on American stavery, and the question. you ask— le it right to heldChristian fellowship with slaveholders, in order toget their money to build our churches and payour ministers? Have exited the bitterest oppositionof many of the leaders of the Free Church: and Ihave little doubt that many, in distant parts of theworld, will be astonished after having heard so muchabout their 'glorious marching up out of the land ofEgypt,' (the Established Church,) 'and out of thehouse of bandage,' that they should give the righthand of fellowship to such men, and thereby throwthe shield of their protections over them, to white washthem from their foul eternities but they who liveamong theNons, (as the Frees are called,) who knowtheir practices in references to their fellowship athome, will never dream of being astonished at theirreceiving into their fellowship, these blood-stainedmonsters who traffic in the blood, and sins we and soulsof our fellow-men. In support of this, allow me tostate two eases, in proof of their brotherhood at home;and if they are so easily pleased with their own membershere, surely they cannot be exposed to be sovery particular as to their dear brethren, the slaveholdersof America.  Nons, Frees souls A—W—, a man who had base in business forhimself, but who had failed in consequence of drankenemas, and who had lived here for many years as apublic nuisance, a drunken, swearing, ill-naturedman,—who appears to act on Ishmael's principle ofhaving his hand against every man, and who, in consequence, may often be seen in the streets, followedby a bavy of boys annoying his, and calling himnames, and he in return curing and awarding, andoutraging all decency by his obscene blasphemies anddisgusting oaths—well, this man was a member ofthe Established Church before the disruption, and forhis bad conduct was suspended from church privilegesby Mr. Wallace, the then minister of the Kirk;but as soon as the 'house of bandage' was left by Mr.Wallace and his followers, this man had a taken ofadmission to the Lord's table forced upon him, bythe same men who had formerly included him, and Ibelieve is still in full communion with the Facechurch, although his upon profanity and drunkennessmust be well known to every ,Non in theplace.  forced Non The other case is that of A—R—, a man whofor many years had been a confirmed and hopelessdrunkard, but who, through the instrumentality ofteetotalism, was lifted up out of the deep degradationinto which he had sunk; and after having remainedform to his pledge for a ling time, I thought to magnifythe principle of total abstinences, as he was a goodtradesman, by setting him up in business for himself,so that he might show to the world, by his sneezes intrades, that no man need despair, however prostratedby this demon alcohol, of be will only stick like aburr to teetotalism. After this, be joined the Freechurch, and got on prosperously for a time. At last,Influenced by the tippling habits of his Mr.Wallace, and the elders and church members, he tastedthe watter, and fell prostrate before the fiend. Theteetotalers again rescued him from the drunkennessinto which the Rev. Mr. Wallace and his elders andchurch had plunged him, surrounded him with teetotalinfluences to shield him against the influences ofa tippling church and ministry, and got him to sigathe pledge; but he never could again withstand hiscraving appetite for drink, and the tippling influencesof his minister and church; and after alternatelyjoining the society and breaking his pledge, andtaking in all who had any business transaction withhim, he shared the fate of all drunkards, and becamea bankrupt. I a penitential mode, he came to meone day, his 'class, and cash, and credit gone,' andconfessed his errors, and for the fiftieth time promisedamendment; and would again join the teetotalers,as soon as he was better of disease, the consequencesof his conduct. In this condition, the very personificationof impiety and wicked need, in answer to aquestion that I put to him, he said, that nether Mr.Wallace, his (Free) minister, not any elder of hisChurch, had ever remonstrated with him about his notorsionsexcesses. During the conversation, I holdhim that I was hearing Mr. McCrea, the parish minister, preach on Sabbath last, for the first time; whenThis brutalized debauchee—this unreported memberOf the FREE CHURCH, seemed perfectly hurried, anddeclared that he had sunk very low in his own estimation; but he was not so degraded yet as to go andhear a sermon at the parish church!  Influenced by the tippling habits of his watter, REE HURCH, Now, sir, you see with whom they hold fellowship athome; and I could mention many more similar cases;and if they will give the right hand of fellowship todrunkards, fornicators, and blasphemers here, whyshould they not, FOR THE PRICE OF IT, givethe right hand of fellowship to fornicators, man-stealers, and murderers, in America?  I remain, dear sir, Yours most sincerely, ROBERT MICHIR H.C. WRIGHT. RIGHT. R.M. is a well known teetotaler, and member ofthe Independent Church. I wish to call attention tothe fact, that in Scotland and England, the most dangerousposition in which a reformed drunkard couldplace himself in society, is IN THE CHURCH. Thereis no place in which a reformed drunkard is so irresistiblytempted to return to his wallowing in thefilth of drunkenness, as to join a church, to becomeas elder or a deacons, and to associate with ministers.he would be more likely to become a drunkard inDr. Wardlaw's or Dr.Chalmer's church, and at theirdinner tables, than in the lowest grog shop in Glasgowor Edinburgh—for the simple reason, that at thedinner and communion tables of Doctors CHALMERSand WAROLAW, the tippling custom isadorned with the charms of social elegance and respecability, and sanctified by prayer! While in thelow grog shop, it is accompained  with all its disgustingwith and obscenity. These Earned Doctors ofdivinity do more to make drunkards, and to preventtheir reformation when made, by giving a respectable, picas, praying tame to tippling entombs, than ahundred low whiskey-dealers and gutter-drunkardscould do. These esteems are dangerous in propor--tion as they are made respectable.Another thing to which I would call attention. Itto a very common thing, in this country, for thechurches to undo the work of teetotalism. Teetotallersrescue a poor not from his filth and degradation, andsurround him with hallowed and saving influences,and bring love and comfort and light to a broken-heartedwife and starving children. The reformedinebriate joins a church—tipples at the communion—sees his brethren and sisters, his elders, deaconsand minister, tipple their wine and toddy, accompanyedwith prayer and social elegance. He drinks—becomesa brutal drunkard—loses affection for wifeand children, and sinks to the lowest depths of pollutionand social infamy, under the direct influence ofthe church, the elders, ministers, and 'Doctors of Divanity. This I have seen and known in Scotland.More. After the church has converted the teetotaller into a drunkard, the elders and minister who madehim what he is, turn him out of the church, and thenthe teetotallers step in again, and save him, and causethe sunshine of love, peace and plenty once more tovisit his family; and they can save him, so long as they can keep him out of the churches, and awayfrom the communion, and from the influence of thetippling elders and ministers. This have I often seenand known. Earned Doctors ofdivinity  churches to undo the work of teetotalism. Now, which are doing most to accomplish the missionof Christianity, and to make Christ practicallythe 'Lamb of God, to take away the sin of the world'—the TOTAL ABSTINENCE SOCIETIES, or theTippling, sectarian church organizations of Scotland,With all their imposing array of baptisms, communions, Sabbath, solemn assemblies, prayings, singing,priests, bands and gowns? In America, which aredoing most to make Christ a practical 'propitiatorysacrifice for sinners,' the ANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETIES—who are consecrating reputation, propertyand life to rescue slaveholders and their imbrotedvictims from that 'sum of all villany,' American Slavery—or, the slaveholding churches, deacons, elders,and ministers, with all their praying, and preachings,and observances? Who are doing most to make the save the world—to make Christ a practical Redemer—and to save men from sin by 'His righteousness'—the Non-Resistants, who are seeking to root out themurderous principle and practices of war—to inducemen to beat up their swords, and learn war no more—to put a way all anger, wrath and revenge—and tolove as Jesus loved, and to forgive as he forgave—orthose war-making ministers, elders and churches,who hang, shoot and stab men, women and children,and give God thanks? Who can doubt? I do not.There is more of the church of Christ in Total Abstinence, Anti-Slavery, Non-Resistance, Peace, AntiWar, Free Trade, and Free Suffrage Societies, thanin any sectarian, war-making, slaveholding, tippling,monopolizing church organization on earth—be theybaptist, Methodist, Unitarian, Presbyterian, Universalist, Congregationalist, Mahometan, Episcopalian,or Catholic, or any other. These churches have nopower to reform themselves or the world. We areobliged to go out of these bodies, into what they termthe world, for help to purify them of drunkenness,theft, robbery, concubinage, and murder—to purgethem of slavery, war, and blasphemy. We must goto what is called the unconverted, for help to persuadethe converted to cease to fill the earth with drunkards;to the unregenerate and unsanctified, for to help topersuade the regenerate and sanctified ones to ceasefrom slave-breeding, slave-driving and slave-trading;to the irreligious, the prayerless and ungodly, forhelp to induce the religious, the praying and godly,to cease from theft and robbery; and to those whoare called INFIDELS, for help to get those who arecalled CHRISTIANS to cease from cool, deliberate,systematic murder! practically practical all villany,' practical  Non-Resistants unconverted converted I am a Christian, dear Garrison, and every day butIncreases my confidence in Christ, as the power andWisdom of God to save the world. I fraternize withthose, only, as Christians, who are working to savemen by the righteousness of Christ by seeking tomake them righteous as He was righteous andwho are seeking, as teetotalers, as abolitionists, asnon-resistants, free-traders, and moral reformers ofindividuals and nations, to make 'Christ the Lambof God to take away the sin of the world'—by devetingtheir all to reclaim men from their sins. I carenot for church or governmental organizations, or anyhuman institution. Let them all perish, when theystand in the way of man's redemption. I care notfor observances of times and places. I would haveChrist  a principle of action within us—I would have'his mind'—I would 'put on Christ.' So that for meto live, should be Christ. In no other way can Hebe of any saving power to mankind. Christian Christ  Thine,HENRY C. WRIGHT. 
