 Mod or no mob—Mayor and City Authorities.—Freedom of Speech abridged.—The Public Groundsscocred to mob violence.—Appeal to the Justice andand Humanity of the people. Mod or no mob—Mayor and City Authorities.—Freedom of Speech abridged.—The Public Groundsscocred to mob violence.—Appeal to the Justice andand Humanity of the people. The public is aware that for several months theNewark Anti-Slavery Society, assisted and encouragedby Anti-Slavery fiends, has been agitatingthe question of American Slavery. Meetingshave been held in Wilberforce Hall and otherplaces, weekly and semi-weekly, for this purpose.Last Sunday, July 15th, we notified a meetingof the citizens of Newark, to lie held onMilitary Common, in the afternoon; the noticewin quite limited, so much so, that some of ourfriends probably did net hear of it till the meetingwas over. We would acknowledge our obligationsto the Rear. Almond Underwood of the FreeChurch, for rending the notice of our meetings tohis congregation; a thing which has not been doneby the pastor of any church in Newark since theministry of Dr. Weeks. The meeting on the Commoncommenced at half past five o'clock, whichwe addressed on the following subject:—'TheAmerican Church the Bulwark of American Slavery.'We convicted the American Church ofpolygamy, piracy, and wholesale adultery. Wedemonstrated that the church, judged, politicallyand ecclesiastically, was Anti-Christ,-that she fellowshippedand pressed to her bosom men-thieves,while she rejected and cast out chicken-thieves andsheep-stealers,—that she sold' girls for wine andboys for harlots.' In short, we showed that theAmerican Church, in compelling 150,000 womento live in prostitution, and thus keeping a regularbrothel—house, was worse than any house of ill—famein the city of New York. This of course is reallytrue, for in the brothel-houses of New York themiserable victims make a voluntary offering oftheir chastity and virtue,—while the AmericanChurch compels the poor victims in this brothelhouse to subunit to prostitution. Tell it not Gothpublish it not in Ackslon, that the PresbyterianChurch hold in its adulterous and piratical clutches,100,000 slaves,—the Methodist Episcopal 100,000 and the Baptist 100,000. Down with such achurch! and on its ruins let us erect the Church ofChrist, whose doctrines are 'peace on' earth andgood-will to men.' We alluded to the thievishpredilections of Whigs and Democrats to vote forthieves, and besought them in the name of 'Godthe Slave, and Liberty,' to do so no more and althoughthe meeting continued more than two hoursthe audience, which was quite largo, wan most. respectfuland attentive, with the exception of a fewrowdies who are always ready to disturb any meeting,whose object it may be to break up brothel-houses,theaters, bowling-coleans lottery-offices,gambling—establishments, or rum—holes, which theymight wish to frequent. When we had finishedour address, we appointed another meeting, to beheld at the same time and place. When the meetingclosed, up came Mr. James Miller, the Majorof the city, in considerable agitation, and said hewished to speak with us: said be, 'you have appointed,another meeting to be held here,—you mustnot meet here,—go to your Hall; you are notaware how much excitement there is here—it hasbeen with difficulty that I have been able to keepthe people from pushing you off the stand.' this brothelhouse But while he was attempting to converse further,the audience, anxious to know what was going on,gathered close around, and so interrupted us, thatthe Mayor requested an audience with us on themorrow, to which we readily assented. TheMayor came on Monday morning, to WilberforceHall, and gave us to understand that we had betternot meet any more on the common; assigning asa reason that our meetings excited the people, andwould be disturbed by mobs, and that the city authorities,in such cases, would not permit meetingsof any kind to he held. He said be spoke officially,and wished us to comply. We answered that wewould consider what was our duty. The Mayorcalled again on Tuesday, but we were absent; onWednesday he called again and delivered his message,—assuring us that the meeting would not bepermitted on the Common; he said he had consultedthe city officers, and that he spoke officially.We replied that if the city authorities forbid us,we should not meet on the Common, and that heneed not give himself' any apprehension about it.We have told the Mayor that we considered ithard to be driven from the Common, merely becausebad men opposed us and became excited;and that our rights were more sacred than those ofthe mob. The Mayor is considered n faithful andenergetic officer, and withal, as we are happy tosay, a gentleman; but we think he and the cityauthorities have mistaken their duty in this instance.If they wish to breed mobs, let them encourageand protect them, us we think they havein this instance, by yielding to the first indication ofdisturbance; and then no public meeting can everhe held on the public grounds, of a Christian orReformatory character. It is more than doubtedif there was any certain indication of mob violenceon this occasion; and if there was not, it is a shamethat this groundless apprehension should be usedby the authorities as a pretext for driving us fromthe Common, and thus abridging the freedom ofspeech. We need not any that others besides themembers of our Society feel that the prohibitionof (he city authorities, is a gross outrage, and thatan attempt has been made to invest the mob withsupreme authority. We hope, as good citizens, thatthe city authorities will take the first opportunityto apologize to the people whom they have wronged;it is expected that they will retract, if they are 'the friends of the Freedom of Speech. Whatharm could there be in assembling on the Commonto discuss reformatory and Christian subjects?We disturb nobody; our object is to convert the,people to the doctrines of Jesus Christ; we preachnone other than the doctrines of Paul and Peter;and yet our months are stopped. We go uponthe Common and preach against thieves, and theAuthorities prohibit us, by assuring us that ourmeetings shall he broken up. So says the MOB.We go upon the Common and preach againstpirates, and the Authorities tell us our meetingswill surely he broken up. So says the MOB. Wego upon the Common and preach against adulterers,and the Authorities tell us our meetings shallhe broken up. So says the MOB. We go upon theCommon and preach against plundering cradles,and the Authorities tell us our meetings shall bebroken up. So says the MOB. The Mob cries out,'Down with the freedom of speech!' the Authoritiesanswer, Amen!! The City erects is Liberty—Pole on the Common, but t he Authorities forbid usto assemble under its shadow; the American Eagle'perches above our heads, but the CaucassianVulture preys upon our vitals;—the flag of ourcountry is displayed, but the accents of Liberty arestifled by the clamors of a MOB. mob withsupreme authority. Is this the land our farthers loved,—The Freedom which they toiled to win?Is this the soil whereon they moved?Are these the graves they slumber in?Are we the sons by whom are borne,The mantles winch the dead have worn?      
