 WASHINGTON, July 12,1848. ASHINGTON Public attention has not been sufficiently calledto the fact that in the negotiations between Mr.Trist and the Mexican Commissioners, the strongestrepugnance Was manifested by the MexicanCommissioners to the cession of territory with aprospect of the introduction of Slavery therein. Thefollowing is of extract from Trust's letter to Mr.Buchanan, dated September 4, 1848. prospect of the introduction of Slavery therein. 'Among the points which came under discussion,was the exclusion of slavery from all territorywhich should pass from Mexico. In the courseof their remarks on the subject, I was told that ifit were proposed to the people of the United Statesto part with a portion of their territory, in orderthat the INQUISITION should be therein established,the proposal could not excite stronger feelings ofABHORRENCE than those awakened in Mexico bythe prospect of the introduction of Slavery into anyterritory parted with by her. Our conversationon this topic was perfectly frank. NQUISITION I concluded by assuring them that the BAREMENTION of the subject in any treaty to which theUnited States was a party, was an absolute impossibility;that no President of the United Stateswould dare to present any such Treaty to the Senate;and that if it were in their power to offer methe whole territory described in our project, increasedten fold in value, and in addition to that,covered a foot thick all over with pure gold, upon thesingle condition that Slavery should he excluded therefrom, I could not entertain the offer for a moment,nor think even of communicating it to Washington. covered a foot thick all over with pure gold, upon thesingle condition that Slavery should he excluded therefrom entertain the offer for a moment How will the American people stand in the estimationof the civilized world, if they shall extendthe curse of slavery over territory thus acquired,and in inflict its evils upon the Mexican population,who have been transferred not only without theira sent, but against their earnest remonstrances? B. 
