 The annual report the Massachusetts Anti-SlaverySociety has just been published. Thissociety was is the first of the movements forthe abomination of slavery, and has clang to Mr. Garrisonthrough all has vagaries. The receipts forthe year 1847 were about $26,000, of which 83,854came been their great for in this city with a branchat Near-Bedford. The amount of donations, includingthe collections by agents, was $1,394.The expenses of a 'financial agent' was $345,which is equal to quarter of the whole amountof collections and donations other agents cost$1,768, and the sum of $3,264 was contributed tothe necessities of the Society in New-York cityWhere then are unable to make collections enoughto pay then rent I am informed. These itemsshow rapidly as party is waning; and alsoSame where the responsibility is of keeping up theWhole systems of disorganizing agitations of whichit is centre it rests upon those support,to great annual for at Faneuil Hall. Take thata way, and it must die for want of food. I do notpretend to divine all the motives by which thewealthy and conservative citizens of Boston areinduced to extend so liberal a patronage to these,fairs. Perhaps many do it through inadvertence—they feel a little interest in the Anti—Slavery cause,they wish to do a little for it, and to do that littlewithout having their names published; and so theyso to the fair, as if that was helping the SlaveryMany doubtless, uphold the fair for politicalreasons, because the party expend their chief bitternessagainst those who wish to carry their Anti-slaveryprinciples thoroughly into politics. AndI have reason to believe that others feel on interestan the fair as a means of weakening the influenceof religions institutions among us. Mr. Garrisonand has colleagues, Wright, Phillips, Pillsbury,Quincy and Foster make no secret of their hostilityTo the churches and the ministry, and they are restrainedby no considerations of truth, justice, lawor decency, in giving vent to their anti-Christiandeterminations. Those who dread the influenceof religion have therefore the opportunity, bygoing to the fair of supporting a most devotedinstrumentality already in operation, without incurringa particle of responsibility to public opinionwhich would be inconvenient to many of them.But whatever be the motives of any, it is clearenough that it is the fair which keeps up Garrisonismamong as, with all its adjuncts. These whocars for this should govern themselves accordingly–Boston correspondent of the N.Y. Evangelist. Boston correspondent of the N.Y. Evangelist. 
