 NEW BEDFORD, June 29, 1848 EW EDFORD MR. GARRISON:My object in writing to you is to inform you, thatthat tried friend of humanity, JOHN BAILER, has justremoved from New-Bedford to the town of Lynn,where, I have been informed, he expects to establishhimself in business. R. ARRISON OHN AILER We are sorry to lose him from our midst, and especiallythat, at this time of life, he should be obligedto leave a place, endeared to him by so many associations,to seek the means of living; for it is unquestionablytrue, that his identity with, and consistentadvocacy of the unpopular anti-slavery causes,provoked the ill-will and hatred of the sectarian-mindedand pro-slavery-hearted, who have exertedan influence injurious to his business. Yet throughall, he has been sustained by the sympathy and co-operationof his wife and family. Verify, he has, hisreward in the peaceful consciousness of having donehis duty 'unto the least', and us; seeing its familyof dear children reared around him, intelligentamiable, healthful, virtuous, and therefore happy.His house was ever open to shelter, as were thehearts of his family to sympathize With, the poor andsuffering. Hundreds of fugitives have known hisbenevolence. Many, in this place, will bless hismemory. I am sure that most of the anti-slavery agentswho have visited this place, remember the hospitalityof the Baileys.' Pillsbury, in the 'LibertyBell,' has beautifully described the gratefulness, tothe heart of an anti-slavery agent, of a warm andhearty anti-slavery welcome. Surely, he moat havethought (among others) of the 'Baileys,' when hewrote that article. You have long known JohnBailey, as one of your oldest fellow-laborers, up tothe most advanced mark of anti-slavery progress.He left this city a few days ago. The inhabitants ofLynn (and especially the abolitionists) may congratulatethemselves, that such a man has come to re.side among them. At the last regular monthly meeting of the New-BedfordAnti-Slavery Society, the following preambleand resolutions were unanimously adopted: 'Whereas, we have learned with deep regret thatour beloved friend and fellow-laborer in the anti-slaverycause, JOHN BAILEY, is about to removefrom New Bedford, to take up his residence elsewhere,and whereas, ever since the origin of theanti-slavery cause in New England, he has beenfound among its from supporters, laboring with histime, influence and money, to promote its objects,and amid all the trials through which the cause haspassed, has never turned back, or faltered, but everbeen of the first to propose, and foremost to assist,in carrying out measures to forward the work ofemancipation, so that his name has become identifiedwith the anti-slavery cause is New-Bedford; therefore. OHN AILEY Resolved, That, in view of his contemplated departurefrom amongst as, as members of the NewBedford Anti-Slavery Society, and friends of friendsanti slavery cause, we yield to the promptings of ourfull hearts, in giving this united expression of ourlove for, and confidence in him, as a tried friend ofhumanity, and our sorrow, because we shall on longerhave his counsel and aid. We do also expressthe hope, that wherever he may go, he and his dearfamily may be blessed of God, and abundantly prosperedWe shall remember, with gratitude and admiration,his devotion to the cause of freedom andhumanity, and in our future efforts to carry out theobjects of this Society, shall be encouraged by thegood example he has left us. Several members of the Society, among whomwere the President, Nathaniel A. Borden, LloydH. Brooks, Solomon Penston, John Butler, RobertGoldsberry. Seth B. Toleson, Jas P. Dyer, DavidW. Ruggles, and Thomas Buchanan, expressedtheir hearty concurrence with the spirit and sentimentsof the preamble and resolution. Voted, that the Secretary transmit a copy of thepreamble and resolution to John Bailey; and also,to the editor of the Liberator, for publication. N.A. BORDEN, President, President J.B. SANDERSON, secretary. secretary. [A copy of the preamble and resolution havingbeen sent to Mr. Bailey, an excellent letter was receivedfrom him in reply]  GENEVA, O., June 28, 1847. ENEVA DEAR. GARRISON: EAR. ARRISON Every step I have taken the past ten years to putdown pollution, on justice, theft, robbery and murder,I have had to encounter the Bible as my sternestfoe. All the crimes of slavery and was are protectedby the Bible, so that book is interpreted by thepriesthood. Years age I ceased to diseases the questionwhat says the Bible? is writing the wrong ofslavery and war. I care not what the Bible saysabout it. so far as to the question of right or wrongof slavery and war. They are self—evident wrongsand no Bible one prose them right. what says the Bible This position I took is fear lectures delivered heresome four weeks age. After I had left, the Moths—and Baptist ministers same down up on me declaringthat these were as self-evident truths thatwere paramount to the Bible; that if the Bible declaredwar and slavery right, they were right—nomatter what night be the testimony of war soulsagainst them. C.C.E. came into this town at fouro'clock this afternoon. 'At once a meetings Was' appointedin school-house—the people were notified.At 7 12 met the people—school house full; and wehave had full meeting to establish the following positions:Slavery is self-evident wrong; if the Biblesays it is right, the Bible is a self evident falsehood;and that the Being, worshipped as God bythe slaveholders and their apologists, is a demon ofinjustice and blood, and not the Being who madewho made man, or who is the author of Christianity.The last proposition was adopted unanimouslyby the audience. It was shown that the church andclergy were the real in filets and atheists of this land—against Christianity and the God who made man.There is a deep interest in these questions in this region.We make this our great issue—the beingworshipped as God by slaveholders and warriors isworthy of no reaped, but is to be rejected as a fiend.But I must close. H.C. WRIGHT self-evident truths clergy 
