 BROTHER GARRISON:I have just returned from Hopedale, where I wentto visit my worthy friends (who are the friends of,all) in that peaceful vale. I was absent only fromSaturday to Monday morning. You know their locationsis but a mile or so from Millord village, wherethe contention was to be holden on Sunday, the 30thult. the day which was uncle for man. I have seldomif ever enjoyed myself so well for so short atime, both at Hopedale and at the meetings of theconvention. ROTHER ARRISON As our worthy sister, Abby H. Price, was the Secretaryof the Convention, I presume your readerswill hear from her on the subject. The day wasvery pleasant, and although there were quite a numberof sectarian meetings in the village (regularones) and one or more extras, yet the hall was wellfilled, and at the second session, crowded with attentivelisteners to uncompromising anti—slavery. Somewere surprised to see so man in attendance. Bro.S. May, Jr., the agent, offered one of the best prayersfor such as occasion I ever listened to; I could notbut respond to all the sentiments and any amen atthe close. The speakers were earnest and thoroughBrother May spoke entirely in accordance with sayviews in relation to the Sabbath and the churchand clergy. extras uncompromising anti—slavery. His remarks were truthful and just, and calculatedto do mush good in relation to those to pass. Theother speaker Brothers Adie Belles, Oliver Johnson,John S. Jacobs, the fugitive slave, S.S. Festerand his wife, acquitted themselves well. The politicalparties were not forgotten—Whigs, DemocratsBarnburners and other who sadden the Constitutionwere not ill treated nor absent, variesspeaking the truth of them might be as consideredwhile our friend Johnson gave to the audience thesentiments adopted by the American and Mass. Anti-SlaverySocieties. And let an humble individualsuggest the inquiry, whether it would not be bestthat some individual should do the same at the futureconventions to be Holden. Brothers Ballou andJacobs told the audience what American slavery wasA few resolutions only were presented, which Ihope will be published, because they were illustrativeof the subjects on which the speakers addressedthe audience. I suppose the meetings were as quiet as those heldin the churches, and the anti-slavery melodies weresung with heart and soul by the noble Christian menand women hope date. I hope that many moresuch meetings will be holden, and holden on Sundayuntil at least the clergy do their duty on that day,and nothing but immediate emancipation be the generalcry. Yours, S.W.W. immediate Providence, July 31. 
