 According to previous appointment, the Anti-SlaveryConvention called at Weymouth Landing commencedits sessions at Liberty Hall, on the eveningof Saturday July 29th. No formal organizationof the meeting took place, but interesting addresseswere made by Messrs. Pillsbury, Walker and Brown,and by Miss Stone. The meeting adjourned to thenext morning at 10 o'clock. SUNDAY MORNING JULY 30. The meeting was organized by the choice of EliasRichards as President and Anne W. Weston as Secretary.A hymn was sung, and the following resolutionswere submitted for discussion: Resolved, That while we would bid God-speed toany and every honest movement calculated to removethe chains from the humbs of our enslavedcountrymen, we would at the same time caution abolitionistsnot to be deceived by any of the politicalfactions, for none of them repudiates the Constitutionor Union, whereas our motto is 'No union withslave holders. from Resolved, That the religion of this country, whichcarries with it ministers and slave traders, colporteursand blood-hounds, Bibles and branding irons,psalm books and iron collars, tracks and negro whips,Bible commentaries and thumbscrews, communioncups and handcuffs, Sabbath schools and 'negropews is not the religion of Jesus Christ; therefore,it is the duty of every friend of Christianity to repudiatesuch a religion. They were sustained in a very eloquent and convincingmanner by Messrs. Pillsbury and Brown, andby Miss Stone. Alter singing, the meeting adjournedto the afternoon. AFTERNOON. FTERNOON. The following resolutions were presented: Resolved, That the nomination of Gen. Taylor,The principal emissary of the government in thebutchery and overthrow of the Seminoles and Mexicans,the originator of the battalion of West Indiabloodhounds to aid hum in his fell work, all for thesake of slavery, and nothing else, and who, on hisown avowal, knows how to destroy nations but nothow to govern them, and who, though he may be noDemocrat, is surely no Whig, though embodying thevices of both, and who, in addition to his two warsfor slavery, owns two hundred slaves, the nominationof such a man by the Whig party proves itsleaders too vile and unprincipled to be described byhuman language, and too depraved for the safety andsecurity of human society, while they are sufferedto prowl about in the midst of at. and nothing else Resolved, That the imprisonment, by this nation,of three men in the city of Washington, Drayton,Sayles and English, for a deed that all heaven mustapprove, and the willingness with which the twomillion voters in the country stand as their jailorsready to consign them to the United Stales Penitentiary,for three centuries, could their lives be these prolonged,and to receive and pocket the avails of theirlabor, during their long and dreary incarceration,are altogether a spectacle that finds no parallel inthe darkest and bloodiest periods of antiquity, andshould brand this government with blacker infamythan festers and fastens on all the Neros of the past. for three centuries Remarks were offered by Jonathan Walker andDr. Grandin. They were followed by Miss Stoneand Mr. Pillsbury. The meeting adjourned to theevening. SUNDAY EVENING. UNDAY VENING. The meeting met according to adjournment. Thediscussion on the preceding resolutions was resumed,and the following was reported in addition: Resolved, That any measure of government reform,leas than immediate revolution, or that doesnut demand the dissolution of the Union and a totalabandonment of all voluntary support of it or allegianceto it, while it is suffered to remain, is utterlyinadequate to meet the demands of the hour, and istotally un worthy the countenance or support of thefriends of the country, of men or of God. immediate revolution dissolution of the Union Interesting addresses were made by Messrs. Pillsburyand Brown, and by Miss Stone. Messrs. Rohe and Foye were appointed a Committeeon Finance. It was judged best to continue the Convention,and it was accordingly adjourned to Monday evening. MONDAY EVENING ONDAY EVENING The meeting was opened by singing. The discussionon the above resolutions was continued by MissStone, Mr. Pillsbury, Dr. Richards, and others, andfinally they were adopted. A.W. WESTON, Secretary. Secretary. 
