 There is not an entire unanimity among theAmerican public as to the character and quality ofwhat the Anti-Slavery people have been doing for thelast thirty years. Patriarchal politico-economistsat the South assure us that that pestilent generationhas only made the condition of the slaves worse—the pious owner, it is to be supposed, visiting upontheir vicarious shoulders the stripes due to theirofficious advocates—hitting them again because theyhave friends. This doctrine is repeated and enforcedat the North by many godly divines, bearing theimage and superscription of the American TractSociety, and patriotic journalists not a few, whoseem to believe that the only reason why the mastersand slaves are not at this moment dancing round aliberty-pole together, in celebration of the voluntaryemancipation of the one by the other, is the damningfact that certain persons at the North have said thatin their opinion it were a right and good thing todo. These theories, at once so creditable to thehumanity and to the common sense and intelligenceof our Northern instructors, as well clerical aslaic, we have no intention of controverting on thepresent occasion. have But whatever diversities of opinion philosophersand philanthropists may entertain as to the influencethe Anti-Slavery movement has exerted on the conditionof the black men of the South, it will hardlybe denied, by any persons acquainted with the facts,that it has been productive of very positive improvementin that of the black men of the-North. Thirtyyears ago, a slave could be seized in any Northerncity, and taken back under the law of 1793 with nomore ado than if he had been an escaped felon.Much within that time, if the meeting-house werethe gate of heaven, it was not one by which coloredChristians could enter into the kingdom on equalterms with the whites, but they were obliged tosneak in through a back dour called the Negro Pew.On all the railways there were negro-pens provided,called Jim Crow Cars, in which men and women ofgood character and manners and respectable appearancewere herded like beasts, because the sun hadlooked upon them, and they were black. So of allthe steamboats and omnibuses; colored persons wereeither not permitted to use them at all, or on inconvenientand degrading conditions. And at thevery outset of life, the white and black childrenwere made to feel the unjust distinction made betweentheir race by the segregation of the latterfrom the former in separate and inferior schools. Now it is undeniable that a great change hastaken place in all these particulars. A slave cannotnow be reclaimed without an excitement that shakesthe city where it is attempted like an earthquake,felt even to the ends of the country. In the NewEngland States, and very generally at the West, ifnot universally, the Negro Pew. is as obsolete abarbarism as the stocks and the pillory. To thesame territorial extent, we believe, a black man'smoney buys as much and as convenient transportationas a white man's. The color of his money, andnot that of his face, is all that is looked at in shepremises. We are well aware that we are notwriting the eulogy of our own city in this particular;but of the New England States, at least, wears confidentour statement holds generally good. So as tothe separate or caste schools. In Massachusetts, atall events, after a long and persistent agitation ofthe subject, such schools were forbidden by law, andfor several years the colored children have attendedthe school of the district in which they live, just asthe white children. The opposition in that Statecame chiefly from Boston, and perhaps two or threeother large towns, where the larger proportion ofcolored persons resided. It was finally oovercome,and we believe there has never been the least dispositionto return to the old system of proscription.No evil whatever has followed from this simple actof justice, according to the emphatic testimony ofthe Superintendent of Public Schools in Boston;of members of the School Committee; of teachersin the schools after the mixture had taken place, andother competent authorities. The Bottom Courier,certainly a competent authority on this side of thequestion, says or the change: 'We contemplate itwith unmingled satisfaction. We rejoice thatcolored men are not set apart in our churches fromtheir white brethren, and that the children of thetwo races in side by side on the same behind.And again: 'The anxiety of the colored people tohave their children educated shows that they wereentirely worthy of the boon bestowed upon them, ofhaving their children educated at the same schoolswith the whites.' Courier This is certainly strong testimony, and from amost unexceptionable quarter; but it was not a'boon' that was bestowed on the colored people inthis legislation, but a recognition of their justrights. It was never asked as a favor, but demandedas an act of simple justice, that all classes of thecommunity should be treated alike in the matter ofpublic education. And as such it was conceded.It is on this ground that the same action is asked ofthe Legislature of Rhode Island this year, and weare happy to believe with a fair prospect of success.There certainly should be no doubt of it, inasmuchas there are but three towns which still maintain theinvidious distinction soon to be abolished—Providence,Newport and Bristol—and there would benone were it not that these are the three largest andrichest, and therefore most weighty municipalitiesin the State. But the clear justice of the case is soplain that it would be to reflect on the good senseand fair-mindedness of the Legislature to doubt thatit will follow the example of Massachusetts. Theschools are supported by the taxes of the coloredpeople in the same proportion according to theirproperty as by those of the whites; and it needs noargument to show that they are entitle to the sameadvantages and conveniences of education as any ofthe tax-payers. This they clearly do not enjoy aslong as they are compelled to resort to schools of aninferior description, or which, if equally good, arebranded with a mark of degradation, and which, atany rate, must be less easy of access to the childrenof many of them than the district school proper.This latter is an inconvenience which, in a certainproportion of cases, amounts to a denial of publiceducation. This is, perhaps, the impregnable argument whichshould convince every citizen, and especially everylegislator, of the simple right which lies at thebottom of this question. It is merely this: Is or isnot a citizen entitled to his fair share of a publicadvantage of the expense of which he is obliged topay his fair proportion?—a proposition which admitsof but one answer. It can only be sophisticallyevaded by the assumption, that the claim of thecolored taxpayer is satisfied by the erection of coloredschools. But this is met by the undeniable fact,that the very best colored schools do not replace theLatin and High Schools which are shut in the facesof colored children where the separation exists, evenif the schools furnished them be equal to the averageof the lower district schools, which, we imagine, isvery far from being the case. But, aside from thepure right of the matter, there is a question of fairplay involved in it, which should enlist the sympathiesof every generous mind in behalf of theweaker party in the controversy. The colored peopleof the Free States have fairly lived down theslanders which have been heaped upon them by slaveholders,and their abettors, as to their capacity fortaking care of themselves. They contribute, accordingto their means and opportunities, their fullproportion to the comfort and wealth of the community.Their fathers fought, alongside of ours,the battles of the Revolution. They support themselves;they acquire property; they show an honorabledesire to improve their condition, and that oftheir children. We have been assured that, inPhiladelphia, and we know the same to be true ofthis city, their proportion of the taxes for schoolsand the poor considerably exceeds the amount paidfor colored schools and paupers, so that they actuallycontribute, of their moderate means, to educate thechildren and support the poor of the white race!The prejudice against them, which is but the lingeringshadow of our departed Slavery, has deniedthem chances enough, and for long enough. Letthem have a fair opportunity at last to show whatthey can do under more favorable surroundings. The testimony which the teachers of the coloredschools bear as to the progress of their scholars is atouching evidence of the mischiefs attending them.They have uniformly found that while the youngerchildren, who had not learned the existence of theprejudice which is the badge of their tribe, madefully as rapid progress as white children of the sameage, their seal and interest in their studies invariablyslackened as they grew older. The growingsense of the crushing disabilities under which theylabor, organized, as it were, into the very school-housein which they sit, robs them of all heart andhope. But where an equality of privileges is enjoyed,this mournful circumstance disappears. Mr.John F. Emerson, who has been for a quarter of acentury the Principal of the High School of NewBedford, a man standing in the very foremost rankof his profession, bears this testimony: 'My pupilsare from all classes of the community. Many ofthem from families of the very highest respectability.I have had no instance of any difficulty arising fromthe admission of colored children. I have noticedno difference in the aptitude to learn between themand the whites.' And this testimony is capable ofample confirmation from other sources. How cruel,as well as unjust, then, is it thus to blight the soulsof innocent children in the very dew and tenderblossom of their youth! Away with such relies ofslaveholding barbarism from the soil of the FreeStates! They are a stench in the nostrils of civilization. We have been led into this train of remarks byreading the pamphlets addressed to the people andto the General Assembly of Rhode Island on thissubject, by the colored inhabitants of that State.They are temperate, well-reasoned and unanswerableWe trust, and cannot doubt, that the General Assembly,at the session soon to convene, will pass theAct which failed last winter by only four votes, andwas referred, if we mistake not, to this coming session.This is a case in which a delay of justice isalmost equivalent to a denial of it. Every year it ispostponed, causes serious injury to the children whosuffer under this proscription, not to mention theexpense of time and money, and vexation of soul, itcosts to those struggling for their rights. They haveshowed so much discretion and good sense, as well asspirit, in their way of laying their wrongs beforethe Legislature, that they deserve success. Theirdocuments, though calculated for the meridian ofRhode Island, will do for this State, or any otherwhere the same miscbiefs exist, which we hope tosee soon expunged from the statute book of everyFree State. It is but a scanty measure of reparation,at the best, that any State can render its inhabitantsof African descent for the inveterate wrongs done tothem by law and custom; surely, the least it can do,which is all they ask, is to stand from between themand the light. 
