 No sooner than he is restored from a long and verydangerous illness, to a state of convalescence does ourlong-tried and unwavering coadjutor, GEORGE THOMPSON,Esq. of England again enter into the area ofReform at home and the field of Philanthropy abroad—bearing a faithful testimony and diligently laboringin behalf of the oppressed and disfranchised workingclasses in England, and the enslaved millions in theUnited States—acting upon the principle of universalbrotherhood and in the spirit of disinterested benevolence.May his days be long in the land! EORGE HOMPSON It will be seen, by referring to our first page, thatan influential meeting of friends of the Anti-Slaverycause was recently held in London the result of whichwas the formation of the 'LONDON EMANCIPATIONCOMMITTEE,' auxiliary to the American Anti-SlaverySociety—Mr. THOMPSON being elected Chairman of it. ONDON MANCIPATION OMMITTEE HOMPSON Amongst the objects to which the Committee willdirect its attention re the following—namely. I. To guard the public of this country against theunwarranted assumption of an Anti-Slavery characterby men of Pro-Slavery tendencies and connectionswho may visit Great Britain whether in a delegatedor other capacity and who may seek to exercise aninjurious influence upon the popular sentiment. II. To protest against the union of the ReligiousBodies of this country with the Pro-Slavery Churchesof America; to recognize and fellowship which churchesis to disfellowship those who deem it their first duty toseparate from them on the ground of their practicallyanti-Christian character. III. To collect and diffuse authentic information uponthe character and extent of slavery generally butwith especial reference to its existence and aspects atthe present time in the United States. IV. To render, according to their ability, assistanceto deserving fugitive slaves who duly recommendedmay visit this country as the representatives of theiroppressed race. V. To correspond and cooperate with kindred Anti-slaveryCommittee and Societies throughout theUnited Kingdom and also with the American Anti-SlaverySociety and such other bodies abroad as mayhave the same objects in view. VI. To extend a welcome to all Visitors to thiscountry accredited by or belonging to the AmericanAnti-Slavery Society or its auxiliaries and to affordthem all the aid in its power for prosecution oftheir labors in behalf of the slave. VII. That this Committee shall hold on each returningAnniversary of the Abolition of British ColonialSlavery a Public Meeting in this metropolis, forthe purpose of celebrating that great event and ofadopting such measures as may appear at the time expedientand necessary for the promotion of the causeof Negro Emancipation, more especially in the UnitedStates of America; such Meeting to be hold on thefirst of August. We are rejoined and strengthened to know that (inthe language of Mr. THOMPSON) 'the principles andspirit of the America Anti-Slavery Society havefound a local habitation and a name in the city ofLondon.' Many numerous friends and supportersrally around the 'Emancipation Committee'! HOMPSON 
