 On Saturday last, an influential meeting of friendsof the Anti-Slavery cause was held at the residenceof Mr. F.W. Chanson, 10, Harper street, Bloomsbury,for the purpose of considering the propertyof forming an Anti-Slavery Committee. GeorgeThomson, was unanimously called upon to preside. Mr. CHESSON pened the proceedings by statingthe reason why the meting was called together. Hesaid that several friend of the Anti-Slavery cause,with himself, had long felt the need of some properlyconstituted body in London which should diffuseinformation on the slavery question, more especiallyin its American aspects. No existing organizationin this part of the country supplied that want; andin proof of that statement he need only refer to theanti-slavery meeting held at the London Tavern thatday, at which only very alight reference was madeto the subject of slavery in the United States. Therewere important question, such as the agitation infavor of the Personal Liberty Bill, and the noblestand taken by Dr. Cheever against the Pro-slaverychurches of American, which it was especially desirableshould be brought before the English public atthe present time. (Hear, hear.) He did not suggestthat they should constitute themselves into asociety; they were not in a position to undertakesuch a responsibility, nor did they wish to came intocollision with any existing association. He thoughtthat they might advantageously form themselves intoa committee; and if they did no more than tohold a public meeting on the of August in everyyear, with a view to commemorate West Indiaemancipation,and to place fairly before the public. HESSON The American slavery question, they would not laborin vain.(Hear.) THE CHAIRMAN said be had little to add to thevery clear statement which Mr. Chesson had madeof the reason which led to the holding of that meeting.He (Mr. T.) had for many years seen and feltthe necessity for the existence of an IndependentCommittee in London, for the special purpose ofco-operating with the friend of abolition in theUnited States of America. He did not wish tostand in an attitude of hostility or antagonism towardsany organization of an anti-slavery characterwhich might be at present procreating its own peculiarobject; but he did most earnestly desire to beassociated with a Committee, no matter how few itsnumber or how humble their position, who, likehimself, display sympathized with the unfalteringand uncompromising abolitionist of America, anddesire as they had ability, to co-operates with themin their humans and noble efforts. It was a fast,however discreditable it might be to the great cityof London, that a delegate from the American Anti-SlaverySociety, while secure of a cordial and hospitablereception in Warrington, Leeds, Liverpool,Edinburgh, Glasgow, Dublin, and Cork, as well asin other parts of the United Kingdom—and mightcalculate with confidence upon efficient co-operationin the persecution of an anti-slavery mission there—could find no body, however small, in the metropolisof the British Empire, to extend such a welcome,or to proper such assistance. From that day forth,he trusted, that reproach would no longer be deserve,and would no more be incurred. He (Mr.Thompson) by so means undervalued the importanceof a society directing its attention to the workingsof emancipation in the colonies, to the question ofimmigration, and to the meaner in which foreignnation observe existing trusties on the subject ofthe slave trade. Such a society might effect muchgood, by well-timed deputation to the Prime Ministeror the Colonies Secretary, with memorials pointingout existing evils, and suggesting remedies whichthe British Government might adopt and apply.Such a Society, too, might originate motions anddebates in the two hours of Parliament, calculatedto awaken and inform the Ligatures of the country,and through that medium the minds of the publicat large. The question of American Slavery, however,was not one which could be treated in thatway. It was not by international diplomacy or byParliamentary discussion that they could aid, exceptincidentally and upon particular points of thegreat object sought by the united effort of theAmerican abolitionists. The British people, nevertheless, had it in their power to render effectual serviceto the friend of the slave on the opposite showsof the Atlantis; but the influence to be carted wasthat exclusively of a moral and religions characterthe American abolitionist, when he came to thiscountry, sought neither their silver or gold. Heasked for no direct interference on the part of theGovernment, or of the mere politicians of this country;he sought only their sympathy, and the expressionof that sympathy through the medium ofresolutions at public meetings, of articles in the periodicallypress, and of action on the part of religiousbodies in relation to corresponding organizations inAmerics. The work he had to do was simple andpiais—to give facts illustrative of the present actualcondition of slavery in his own land;—to tell who,amongst those who professed anti-slavery sentiments,were most efficiently promoting the cause, and weremost entitled to recognition and confidence;—to tellthem who, amongst those who come to this countryfrom America, deputed to his conferences, associations,and assemblies, and were invited to speak atthe annual and other public meetings, were worthyto be trusted and believed as genuine abolitionists;and who, amongst then should be suspected, opposed,or denounced, either as slaveholders, the defendersof slavery, the apologists of slavery, or as men intheir own country justifying or excusing the connectionof the Churches of America with the systemof slavery. The Committee be hoped to are formedmight be able to render to such anti-slavery missionariesvery valuable assistance in the way of originatingmeetings in London; of giving them introductionsto various parts of the kingdom; of makingknown to them the state of anti-slavery feeling atthe time, and of the matters moat requiring attentionand elucidation; and of securing to them such convenienceand facilities as a stranger necessarily required.Mr. Thompson concluded by saying that,should a Committee be formed, he would, if a memberof it, do all in his power, both in London andthe preciseness, to advance its objects; and he knowit would gladden the hearts of his endeared friends,Mr. Garrison and his noble coadjutors, to learn thatat length the principles and spirit of the AmericanAnti-Slavery Society had found a local habitationand a name in the city of London. HE HAIRMAN  The Rev. W.H.BANNER, minister of TrinityChapel, Southwark, made some interesting statesmenwith a view to show the need of as active anti-slaverymovement in this country. During hisresidence at Birkenhead, be had been surprised at theapathy, and even the hostility, of the people boththere and at Liverpool, with regard to the anti-slaverymovement. His surprise considerably diminishedwhen he found that, not only was there an intimatebusiness connection between Southern plantersand Liverpool cotton-brokers, but that the latterin many cases made advances before the crops wereripe, or even planted, and held mortgages noon slaveproperty as security for their money. He had beenneatly disappointed with the anti-slavery meetingsaid that day. But slight allusion had been madeto the slavery question in America, and not oneword had been said about Dr. Pomeroy, the agentof the American Board of Commissioners for ForeignMissions—a notoriously pro-slavery institution, Hewould most cordially take part in the proposed committee,sad tend it his best assistance. (Hear, hear.) ANNER The BARON DE PRADINE,the Haytian Minister,while fully recognizing the importance of the WestIndia labor question, urged the still greater importanceof the slavery question in America. There thebattle had still to be fought, whereas in the BritishWest Indies it had been both fought and won. ARON DE RADINE After some farther discussion, The Rev. W.H.BONNER proposed that the ladiessad gentlemen present do hereby constitute themselvesinto a committee, to be called 'The LondonEmancipation Committee,' with power to add totheir number. ONNER The BARON DE PRADINE seconded the resolution,which was unanimously adopted. ARON DE RADINE M.LASPINNASSE,Secretary of the Haytian Legation,moved resolutions which were seconded by ProfessorAllen, of Dublin, and passed unanimously. ASPINNASSE Mr. W.FARHER moved the next resolution:— ARHER That this committee tenders its warmest congratulationsto the Baron de Pradine, upon his appointmentas Haytian Charge d' Affaires to the Court of St.James's, and would express its fervent wishes for thestability and permanent prosperity of the free coloredRepublic which he represents, and its satisfaction inthe knowledge that the recent revolution was characterizedby the most praiseworthy forbearance on theKef those who effected it, and without the effusion,in the hoar of struggle and ultimate triumph, of thesmallest amount of human blood, or any other act ofdeliberate vengeance. The LLANDDROST ROCHUSSEN,of Surinam, secondedthe resolution, and spoke in terms of admirationof the progress which the Haytian people had madeunder circumstances of great difficulty. LANDDROST OCHUSSEN The resolution was unanimously carried. The BARON DE PRADINE, in returning thanks, saidthat be had found much ignorance in this countryrespecting the progress which Hayti had made inmorals and education daring the last five-end-twentyyears, la proof of its rapid improvement, be mightstate that whereas in 1827 there were only 20 marriagesannually in the capital of the island, Port-au-Prince,in 1846 there were 995 in that one year;and while the schools were in 1813 only 11, and 1college, there were, in 1844, 63 schools and 6500pupils. It would delight his countrymen to knowthat such kind wishes had been expressed towardsthem, and so just a view taken of the recent revolution.(Hear, hear.) ARON DE RADINE The Rev. W.H. BARRER moved the following resolution,which was seconded by Mr. F.W. Chesson,and carried unanimously:— ARRER That this committee having received through MissJohnstone, and from other sources, information relatingto the present position of the Rev. George B.Cheever. D.D., and the Church of the Puritans inNew York, of which he is pastor, arising oat of thefidelity sad intrepidity with which Dr. Cheever hasrebuked the pro-slavery tendencies of the AmericanChurches, and being desirous of promoting the objectfar which Mist Johnstone is now on a mission to thiscountry, resolves to adopt measures to convene, at anearly day, s public meeting, at which the claims ofDr. Cheever and his Church to the sympathy and aidof British Christians may he stated, and means beadopted to convey the expression of that sympathy tothe United States. Mr.CHESSON moved, and Mr.WILLIAM CRAFT,formerly of the United States, seconded the followingresolution, which, after some highly complimentaryremarks on the part of the Chairman, wasunanimously adopted:— HESSON ILLIAM RAFT That the committee would embrace this its first opportunityto express to Miss Sarah P. Remond, nowpresent, its congratulations on her arrival in this country,and on the success which has attended her laborsis England and Ireland during the lest five months.The committee would also assure her of their earnestsympathy with her in her anti-slavery efforts, andwould bespeak for her in confidence and co-operationof the friends of the slave in every place she mayafter visit during her stay in this country. MISS. REMOND said—It may not inappropriateon my part, as the representative of three millionsand a half of slaves in the United States, who cannotspeak for themselves, to say—I thank you. ISS. EMOND Mr. George Thompson, 1, Fentiman's-road, SouthLambeth, was then elected Chairman of the Committee;Mr. Dennis McDonnell, 65, Pentonvilleroad,Treasurer; and Mr. F.W. Cherson, 19, Harpurstreet, Bloomsbury, Hon. See. The meeting then adjourned. 
