 The principal British newspapers have notionwith expansions of more than ordinary regret andrespect the death of this gentleman, who expiredsuddenly in his house at Edgebaston, near Birmingham,on the morning of May the 14th, it is supposedfrom disease of the heart. He has been for thelast twenty-five years one of the most conspicuousand munificent of British philanthropist. On theabolition of British West Indian slavery, and thesubstitution of a system of apprenticeship for a periodof seven years, it was soon found that this projectwas likely to prove a failure, as it admittedof much of the tyranny of slavery, unrestrained bythe motive of self-interest which frequently preventsthe slaveholder from injuring his' property. Indeedat much gross injustice and cruelty immediately resulted,that the interference of British abolitionists,who watched with deep interest and solicitude thegreat experiment of emancipation, was soon loudlycalled for and promptly afforded. Mr. Sturge visitedthe West Indies himself, for the purpose of personallyinvestigating the real state of affairs, and on hisreturn home be took an active part in the agitationwhich resulted in the total abolition of the appearanceship system, and which was greatly promoted byhis councils and his nurse. His activity as a memberof the Peace Society, of which he was Presidentat the time of his decease, his effort to promote thereformation of juvenile criminals, his great personaland pecuniary labors to alleviate the sufferings causedby the wanton and cruel and ravages of the Britishcruisers on the coast of Finland during the hostilitieswith Russia, and his ready munificence on behalfof any scheme for the good of mankind whichmet with his approval, are so generally known, thatno addition to what has been already said respectinghim in so many quarters is required from us. Butas editor of a paper devoted to the abolition ofAmerican slavery, and as being from profound convictionin full unity with the principles and madeof action of the American Anti-Slavery Society, wefeel bound to say that the powerful social influenceof Mr. Sturge has for nearly twenty years been opposedto the uphill efforts of one of the noblest associationsfor the benefit of mankind which has everexisted, and that to his hostility may be attributedmuch of the apathy and ignorance respecting theAmerican Anti-Slavery Society which unfortunatelyprevail on this side of the Atlantic. When Mr. Garrison first visited England, in theyear 1833, he found in Mr. Sturge a warm friendand active fellow-laborer in his endeavors to attractthe attention of the British people to the subject ofAmerican slavery, and more especially to the necessityof distinguishing between bona fide efforts for itsoverthrow, and the hypocritical pretences of theAmerican Colonization Society, which, under a showof promoting the interests of the colored race andthe good of Africa, had engaged in a Quixoticscheme for clearing the United States of its freecolored inhabitants, and thus at one stroke freeingthe slaveholders from their hated presence, and furnishingAfrica with missionaries of Christianity andcivilization. When Mr. Garrison first commencedhis single-handed labors at home, and raised his uncompromisingstandard of emancipation, his watchwordbeing 'SLAVERY IS A SIN, AND AS SUCH SMOULDBE IMMEDIATELY ABANDONED,' he labored under thedelusion that this self-evident truth had only to beforcibly presented to all Cristians, and especially toall Christian ministers, in order to secure universalacceptance. But he was speedily undeceived. Single-mindedand uncompromising himself, he had notreckoned on the powerful influence of those maximsof ambition, expediency, and self-interest by whichsects, like all other human institutions, are controlled.The result was, that as he had resolvedthat he 'would not equivocate,' that he 'would notretreat a single inch,' and that he 'would be heard,'he persevered in his agitation, and in his incessantcalls upon sects and parties to square their practicewith their principles, and was speedily regarded withgeneral execration by clergy and politicians as an infidel,a traitor, and a disorganiser, who, for the sakeof pursuing an unattainable phantom, was willingto discredit religion, and throw the policy of hiscountry into confusion. It was only the other daythat Miss Sarah P. Remond was in like manner denouncedas an infidel by some Methodists in Waterford,because she stated well-known facts respectingthe pro-slavery course of the American Methodists;and the Leeds Young Men's Anti-Slavery Societywere reported as a handful of infidels by BishopSimpson and Rev. Dr. McClintook on their returnto American, because they had ventured to expose thepro-slavery position of those Rev. gentlemen at home,while they were traveling in England under falsecolors as abolitioniats—as nearly all the Americanclergy who travel in England do. This evil reputationof infidelity has adhered to the most eminentand the most persevering of the abolitionists eversince. Continually obliged to expose the mean,shuffling, and criminal course of the Americanchurches and clergy in reference to slavery, the retortis always ready that the abolitionist are infidelsand enemies to religion. Such a charge is far moreeasily made than answered to the satisfaction of thatlarge and shallow class, who regard sectarian andclerical corporations as identical with religion—andwho cannot perceive the noblest and most effectivemanifestations of true piety in lives of practical,self-denying devotion to a God-like, however unpopular,enterprise for the best interests of the humanrace. If purity of life, unstained by the imputationof immorality or meanness, joined with a determinedassertion of the right to think for themselves on religioussubjects—do not recommend the abolitionists to therespect of those whose respect is worth having,where shall we go for people to esteem? However,this is exactly the position of the abolitionists—andit is one which Mr. Sturge was unable to appreciate.When Mr. Garrison with several of his friends andcoadjutors visited England a second time in 1840, asdelegates to the World's Anti-Slavery Convention,which was held in London in that year, Mrs. LucretiaMott and some other female delegates fromthe American Anti-Slavery Society, were refused admissionon the pretence that the presence of womenon equal terms in such an assembly was contrary toBritish usage. Mr. Garrison and others declined toenter the Convention from which some of his ablestand bravest coadjutors were excluded, and shortlyafter some American delegates, who have been hardlyheard of in their own country as abolitionistsever since, traveled through England under thepatronage of Mr. Sturge, in company with Mr.Scoble, at that time Secretary of the British andForeign Anti-Slavery Society, and who has also longsince ceased to be known in connexion with the anti-slaverycause. Their tour was professedly for thepurpose of promoting the abolition of American slavery,but was to a great extent employed to spreaduntrue and malicious insinuations, injurious to thereputation of Mr. Garrison and he usefulness of theAmerican Anti-Slavery Society. The results of thiscircumstance have been the deadness, indifference,and ignorance, respecting the whole subject of Americanslavery and the efforts for its abolition, whichare so remarkably prevalent in England, and nowhere more so than amongst the members of the associationsauxiliary to the 'British and ForeignAnti-Slavery Society' which keeps an office andmaintains a staff at 27, New Broad-street, London. LAVERY IS A SIN, AND AS SUCH SMOULDBE IMMEDIATELY ABANDONED During all these years which have intervened betweenthe 'World's Anti-Slavery Convention' in1840, and this present year 1859, the AmericanAnti-Slavery Society has steadily held upon itscourse, notwithstanding an amount of dishearteningapathy, misrepresentation, and opposition, such asfew if any philanthropic efforts have had to encounterfor an equal space of time. In their attempts totouch the public conscience, they have had to showforth the hollowness of sects and parties, and towithstand the terrific force of a hostile public opinionwhich no where prevails with such unrestrainedpower as in the United States. None but remarkablyvigorous minds, or those in whom intense convictionsupplies the place of natural vigor, wouldhave sustained such a struggle. It was not the leastpainful part of their experience to find that men whohad attained a high place in the public estimationin England—such as Joseph Sturge—were unable tosee through the mists rained against them by bigotryand popular prejudice. The result was inevitable,that their efforts against the giant evil of their countryhave been so much the more difficult under theunited opposition of the professors of religion andpatriotism in America, and of many of the meeteminent leaders of Exeter Hall in England. However,although in England they have had to relychiefly upon the aid of a few men and women butlittle known to the public, their claims to sympathyand assistance are increasingly recognized, and thenames of the leading American abolitionists arerapidly becoming household words in the popular car. It is remarkable that all the modes of operation ofthe American Anti-Slavery Society are purely educationaland moral. They object to the formation ofa political anti-slavery party, so long as all the nationalstandards of political action are founded upona Constitution which recognizes slavery, and untilthe public sentiment of the Free States at least is sofar changed that it shall be opposed to slavery, andnot favorable to its continuance on the plea of keepinggood faith and unity with the slaveholders. Theabolitionists are opposed to violence in the promotionof their object. They are eminently peace men.Many of them are even non-resistants, founding theirprinciples on the precepts of the Sermon on theMount. Yet it is very remarkable that they havemet with some of their greatest discouragements inEngland from the members of a most—the Society ofFriends—which at its commencement was everywhere misrepresented, hated, and bitterly persecutedas anarchical, fanatical, and heretical, and of whichthe founders only succeeded in conquering the publicobloquy and dislike by purity of life, and an obstinateadherence to their own standards of right infaith and practice. ☞ All that is stated in the foregoing article istrue, and justice to all parties requires the record to bemade. Joseph Sturge, will all his many sterlingqualities and large-hearted philanthropy, was strangelyone-sided and perverse towards the American Anti-SlaverySociety, and died much, directly and by connivance,to render it odious in England. 
