 Probably there never has been a period in thehistory of the Christians Church when the cautiongiven by Christ to his disciples was not needed—'Beware of false prophets, which come to you insheep's clothing, but inwardly they are raveningwolves.' The test of discipleship is as much neededin our own day as it was when first given in theSermon on the Mount—'Ye shall know them bytheir fruits. Do men gather grapes of throes, orfigs of thistles.' We are loud in our Anti-Slavery professions inthis country. We have bought 'Uncle Tom'sCabin' by the tons of thousands, and we have beentouched to the quick by its harrowing recitals; andyet those who have examined into the foundations ofslavery know that it is materially based upon thepro-slavery action, at least in its reflex influence, ofthe churches of this country. The test of fellowshipwith American churches has never gone beyondthe external wool of animal with us. We havebeen utterly careless, provided that it had the orthodoxappearances, whether we introduced into ourfold a sheep of Christ's flock, or a wolf of Stan'sbread. We have as practically bowed to the infallibilityof verbal orthodoxy as Romanists havepassively submitted to the written degree of popishinfallibility. The persistent sinning against lightand knowledge by our religious denominations inthe matter of American slavery, has been enough toplunge the whole land into infidelity to Christianity.Reed and Matheson, from the Congregationalists;Lewis, from the Free Church of Scotland; andothers who have crossed the Atlantic, have sat downat the table of the Lord with slaveholders, andthereby riveted yet tighter the previously-looseningfetters of the slave. But deputations, in courtesy,must be mutual; and accordingly the Americans,very naturally taking the Anglo-American delegatesas fair exponents of British sentiment, were not particularin sending over men whose hands were cleanin the matter of slavery. In 1849, the admirablescheme theoretically of the Ecumenical Alliancebrought over from the United States a shoal ofBiblical defenders of slavery, and at least one slaveholder.The attempt to graft them permanentlyupon the Evangelical churches of this country wasdefeated by William Lloyd Garrison, George Thompson,Frederick Douglass and others, who lifted upthe skin, and discovered to the Christian public ofthis country the wild-beast character of the men itconcealed. The Alliance, the most powerful ecclesiasticalorganization ever convened in England,was compelled—we use the terms advisedly—in deferenceto the awakened British sentiment, to rescindits own resolution, which virtually admittedslaveholders to Christian fellowship with our churches.That which so signally failed in the corporationhas subsequently been sought to be accomplished inthe individual. A specimen of the attempt tosmuggle the excommunicated into the church overthe wall, instead of by the open door, has recentlybeen made by two of our leading religious organization—the Congregational Union and the LondonMissionary Society—in the person of the Rev. Dr.Pomroy, Secretary of the American Board of Commissionersof Foreign Missions. The chairman ofthe first named organization not only gave to therev. gentleman 'the right hand of fellowship,' butextended to him 'a cordial greeting.' To whom wasthis act of Christian fellowship accorded? To a recreantAnti-Slavery man; once a member of theAmerican Anti-Slavery Society, but who, under theinfluence of the Annas and Oaiphas of the UnitedStates, betrayed Christ in the person of the poorslave for whose salvation he died. Such is the man;and what is the body whom he represents? An organizationlending its powerful influence to the perpetuationof American slavery; and association whosepro-slavery action has brought upon it the witheringdenunciations of Mrs. Stowe and Dr. Cheever. Mr.Wilson Armistead, of Leeds, preferred and indictmentagainst Dr. Pomroy and his clients on thishead. By his silence he pleaded guily to a chargewhich was as patent to the world as the sun atnoonday. What is the action as regards slavery of thisAmerican Board of Commissioners, in 'regularstanding' and intimate union with nearly the wholeof the American churches? By its Christian fellowship,it sanctions the acts of the worst slaveholdersin the United States. Among its members, for exampleare the Old School Presbyterians, who denyto their slaves that which God hath appointed forall men—marriage. One of its own members, Dr.Breckenridge, bears the following testimony to thereligion practiced by that body:—The system ofslavery denies to a whole class of human beings thesacredness of marriage and of home, compellingthem to live in a state of concubinage; for, in theeye of the law, no colored slave man is the husbandof any wife in particular; no slave man is the fatherof any child in particular; and no slave child is thechild of any parent in particular.' Mr. Stuart, ofIllinois, thus reprobates the sin of the body:—Inthis church a man may take a free-born child, forceit away from its parents, to whom God gave it incharge saying, 'Bring it up for me, and sell it asa beast, or hold it in perpetual bondage, and notonly escape corporeal punishment, but really be esteemedan excellent Christian. May, even ministerof the Gospel and Doctors of Divinity may engagein this unholy traffic, and yet sustain their high andholy calling. What is the action of this Societyabroad? It has missions among the Choctaw andCberokee Indians, the church members of whichhold slaves. Complaints were received of theirrobbing parents of their children, and sending themwhere they are never behold by them again. Thematter was complained of to the Board; the Boardreferred the complaint to the missionaries; the missionariescoolly replied, in true American spirit,that the separation of parents and children is notforbidden by the express injunction of Scripture.There the matter was allowed by the Board to rest.Polygamy is known to exist in the mission churches;the Board tolerates a crime for which its churchesat home would visit with excision any one of itsmembers. Thus stands Dr. Pomroy, with one handgrasping that of the slaveholder, the child-stealer,the polygamist, and the other reciprocating thewarm embrace of Christian fellowship of the CongragationalUnion and the London MissionarySociety. Dr. Pomroy virtually indorses the blasphemiesuttered by American divines, that slaverywas instituted by God, and was sanctioned by Christand his apostles; the Congregational Union and theLondon Missionary Society tacitly give their assentto the doctrine, by openly endorsing the Christianityof Dr. Pomroy, Had it been a more temporalmatter, the world would have no difficulty in comingto the conclusion respecting the doctor as the middlemanof the two classes, of whom he was the bondof union—'nescitur a seciis.' As the link in thechain connecting the two, it certainly would not beunfair to exclaim of both,'Arcades ambe.' nescitur a seciis. Arcades ambe. We ask the Directors of the London MissionarySociety to ponder over, and to controvert, if theycan, the statement made by Mrs. Stowe, as to the influenceexercised upon the minds of the heathen bythe child-theft justifying missionaries, the representativeof whom they have so warmly ambaries;'We have sent our missionaries to all quarters ofthe globe; but how shall they tell their heathenconvert the thing that are done in ChristianizedAmerica? How shall our miniseries in Mahortancountries hold up their heads, and proclaim thesuperiority of our religion, when we relegate barbaritieswhich they have repudiated? A visionaryamong the Kerens, in Aris, writes back that hiscourse is much unarranged by a suspicious that isaffront among them, that the American intend tosteal and sell them. He says, 'I dread the timewhen there Karees will be able read our books,and get a full knowledge of all that as going an inour country. Many of them are very inquisitivenow, and often ask the question that I find it verydifficult to answer.' it is evident that in fraternizingwith this pro-slavery representative, the Englishorganization have had respect to nothing butthe wool, without carrying caught about the real sutureof the animal by which it is assumed. AlbertBarnes departed from Presbyterian orthodoxy in hisviews of the federal headship of Adam, and of thepropriety of imputing his aim all his to posterity.The church hurled its fiercest denominations againstthe arch-heresiarch, as did also against Dr.Lyman Beecher. Well might his daughter my,'The Bible declares of all such '—oburch members—'that they are temples of the Holy Ghost; thatthey are members of Christ, his body, him flesh andbones.' Is not the doctrine that men may lawfullycall the members of Christ, his body, him flesh andbones, for the purpose of gains, as really an herebyas the denial of the divinity of Christ? and is itnot a dishonor to Him who is over all, God blessedfor ever, to tolerate this dreadful opinion, with itsmore dreadful consequences the imputation of Adam's sin,are queried with eager vabmenee?' Certainly act'in the opinion of the Congregational Union and theLondon Missionary Society, who must have come tothe conclusion practically arrived at by the Americanchurches—' For a man to teach that there are notthree Persons in the Trinity is hereby. For a manto teach. that all there three Person authorize asystem which even Mahometan princes have abolishedfrom mere natural shame and conscience, is nohereby.' Christianized We regret that a press of engagements perpetualthe British and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society fromadmitted the topic of American slavery either intheir resolution upon the platoon, or in the reportread on Saturday last. We rejoice, on the otherhand, in the establishment of the London EmancipationCommittee, which has undertaken to attemptthe work which the Broad-street Society has nottime to attend to property—of warning the publicagainst wolves on sheep's clothing. 
