 Shouts of thanksgiving at the termination of the administrationof MILLARD FILLMORE, the signer of theearth-abhorred and hell-begotten Fugitive Slave Law,destined with Judas Iscariot to everlasting infamy!— Theloudest lamentations at the induction into the Presidentialoffice of FRANKLIN PIERCE, whose boast it isthat he has never had a pulsation of his heart whichdid not beat in unison with the Slave Power, and whohas risen to office on the prostrate bodies and souls ofmillions of his countrymen! Here is his own image andsuperscription, as drawn by himself—two-faced, brutal,and murderous. [See his Inaugural Address.] Freedom and Justice. Freedom and Justice. 'The oppressed throughoutthe world, from thatday to the present, haveturned their eyes hitherward,not to find theirlights extinguished, or tofear lest they should wane,but to he constantly cheeredby their steady and increasingradiance. 'In this, our countryhas, in my judgment, thusfar fulfilled its highest dutyto suffering humanity. Ithas spoken, and will continueto speak, not onlyby its words, but by itsacts, the language of sympathy,encouragement andhope, to those who earnestlylisten to tones whichpronounce for the largestrational liberty.' 'Preeminently,the power ofour advocacy reposes inour example; but no example,be it remembered,can be powerful for lastinggood, whatever apparentadvantages may be gained,which is not based, uponeternal principles of rightand justice.' no example,be it remembered,can be powerful for lastinggood, whatever apparentadvantages may be gained,which is not based, uponeternal principles of rightand justice. 'The rights which belongto as at a nation are notalone to be regarded; butthose which pertain to everycitizen in his individualcapacity, at home and abroad,must be sacredlymaintained.' 'It must be felt, thatthere is no national securitybut in the nation's humble,acknowledged dependenceupon God and hisoverruling providence.' Slavery and Kidnapping. Slavery and Kidnapping. 'I believe that INVOLUNTARYSERVITUDE, as it existsin different States ofthe confederacy, is recognizedby the Constitution.I believe that it stands likeany other admitted right,and that the States whereit exists are entitled to efficientremedies to enforcethe constitutional provisions.I hold that the lawsof 1850, commonly calledthe 'compromise measures,'are strictly constitutional,and to be unhesitatinglycarried into effect. I Believethat the constitutedauthorities of this republicare bound to regard therights of the South in thisrespect, as they would viewany other legal and constitutionalright, and that thelaws to enforce them shouldbe respected and OBEYED,not with a reluctance encouragedby abstract opinionas to their propriety ina different state of society,but CHEERFULLY, and accordingto the decision ofthe tribunal to which theirexposition belongs. Suchhave been and are myconvictions, and upon thenI shall act. I ferventlyhope that the question is atrest, and that no sectional,or ambitious, or fanaticalexcitement may againthreaten the durability ofour institutions, or obscurethe light of our prosperity.''The sentiments I now announcewere not unknownbefore the expression of thevoice which called me here.' stands likeany other admitted right respected I ferventlyhope that the question is atrest 
