 TO THE FRIENDS OF TRUTH IN AMERICA: RIENDS RUTH MERICA It is not only as a friend that I write, but also as aHaytien, and one who admires the good and the true.Having for a long time carefully read the best authorswho hare written on Hayti, since the dawn of her sanguinarypolitical commotions, I feel that some of themare certainly worthy of the high reputation that theyhave enjoyed; but after having, for several years, visitedpersonally the towns and other places most memorablein the history of my country—after having soundedthe traditions of the veterans of national glory andancient renown, which now, for the most part, sleep inthe depths of the tomb—I have been enabled to offer myjudgment, which is, that there has been, and is still,much partiality in those authors; and that there hasbeen, and still is a great desire to arrive at the exacttruth. The point in question was of struggles between differentraces of men, of different color, but alike in heartand soul; of oppressors of one party, and the oppressedof another. The historian should be of neither party;but should stoically contemplate these unutterableevils, and his faithful pen should transmit to presentand future generations nothing but facts, and facts accomplishedby men. men. This desired merit as a historian is unquestionablypossessed by Mr. MADION. Young, full of ardor, andmoved by the love of his country, be has profited bythe errors of his predecessors; has consulted the voluminousrecords of the great European assemblies thatruled the destiny of the colonies; has compared themwith national traditions by personally interrogatingmen and visiting place; and by this judicious comparison,has competed his HISTORY OF HAYTI, is threelarge volumes. ADION. ISTORY OF AYTI This work—the most complete of the kind—is a richmine, from which thousands will draw information.Mr. Madiou hat painted, in a simple style, and with, allthe assurance of a conscientious writer, the events andthe places, such as they presented themselves, and preciselyin chronological order. He has pictured eachpersonage, as he appeared upon the bloody theater,from the slave breaking off his chains, with which toforge for himself arms, to tho European, broken offfrom his dissimulation of the cabinet, or deep-laidstratagem for fields of carnage, each here bears the impressionof his first education. This is a capital work; and although suppressed untila late epoch of our public registers, is worthy of the attentionof his contemporaries; and that attention willform the judgment of posterity. The Americans, aboveall, whose standard for the cause of Liberty and Independencefirst flegged upon the mountains of the NewWorld, ought to give particular attention to the recitalsof the great deeds of the young and interesting peoplewhom they have inspired to glory. flegged I, therefore, recommend the HISTORY OF HAYTT, byTHOMAS MADIGU, Jr., to all friends of truth. ISTORY OF AYTT HOMAS ADIGU DORVELAS DORVAL GONAIVES, (Hayti,) Dec. 10, 1852. ONAIVES 
