 The procession moved at 12 o'clock, according toprogramme, under the escort of a detachment of military,in command of Capt. Hickley, consisting of Briggs'battery of four cannon, Taylor's Flying Artillery fromFort McHenry, United states Marines, and a numberof volunteer corps. Ministers, Corps Diplomatique,members elect and ex-members of Congress, membersof the Cabinet, Governors and ex-Governors of States,officers of the Army and Navy, &c, the President electin the carriage, with Mr. Fillmore by hit side. It wasone mile in length. The cortege reached the Capitol at1 o'clock, when the Presidents, retiring and elect, withthe officials, passed into the Senate chamber, and tooktheir seats. At a quarter past 1, the Marshal of the District, withthe Judges of the Supreme Court, followed by the Presidentand President elect, and the whole assembly in thechamber, started in procession to the eastern front ofthe Capitol, where the oath of office was administered toPresident Pierce by the Chief Justice, at the close ofwhich the President stepped forward to read the InauguralAddress. The President delivered his inaugural in a remarkablyclear, distinct voice, and free but dignified manner,being repeatedly interrupted by enthusiastic applause.On the conclusion, the bells rang, martial music sounded,and cannons boomed, in honor of the occasion. Theimmense concourse gradually dispersed. Large massesfollowed General Pierce to the White House, and waitedupon him at the usual reception room. Ex-President Fillmore took possession of the apartmentsat Willard's Hotel vacated by Gen. Pierce, intendingto occupy them a few days prior to taking hit intendedSouthern tour. Mr. Fillmore dined with Mr. Pierce at the Presidentialmansion in thy evening. THE CABINET. In the Senate, March 7th, thePresident submitted the following nominations for his Cabinet,which were unanimously confirmed: HE ABINET. Secretary of State—Hon. WM. L. MARCY, New York.Secretary of the Treasury—Hon. JAMES GUTHRIE,Kentucky. Secretary of State M. ARCY Secretary of the Treasury AMES UTHRIE Secretary of the Interior—Hon. ROBERT MCLELLAN,Michigan. Secretary of the Interior OBERT C ELLAN Secretary of War—Hon. JEFFERSON DAVIS, Mississippi. Secretary of War EFFERSON AVIS Secretary of the Navy—Hon. JAMES C. DOBBIN,North Carolina. Secretary of the Navy AMES OBBIN Postmaster General—Hon. JAMES CAMPBELL,Pennsylvania. Postmaster General AMES AMPBELL Attorney General— Hon. CAIZE CUSNING,Massachusetts. Attorney General AIZE USNING 
