 MR. GARRISON: R. ARRISON The whole burthen of Mr. Phillips's objection toHorace Mann is in the fact, that Mr. M. recognizes thedark spot in the constitution of the United states whichauthorizes and requires the surrender of fugitive slaves,but does not, as Mr. Phillips says he himself does, claimthe right to 'instigate slaves to escape.' In a word,Mr. Mann is not a Garrisoian or Phillipsonian, inthat, so hating the constitution, he can consistentlyproclaim the doctrine of 'disunion.' Now let us, Mr.Editor, put in one word. With your views, you preachopen rebellion to the powers that be, and denounce allnot of your school in its full extent. Mr. Mann may,and doubtless does, hate slavery, in all its forms, asmuch as you hate it; but one mode of getting rid of itis by amending the Constitution. Now, if you couldmake all the Free Soilers Garrisonians, or Phillipsonians,and so insure their refusal to accept office, as Nationalor State Legislators, where would be the hope ofever amending this instrument? Mr. Mann swears tosupport the Constitution while it is the Constitution,precisely as he swears to support existing laws; lawswhich he dislikes, and which are liable to be repealed,and which are repealed or amended, whenever the people,the source of power, so decree.  What do Mr. Garrisonand Mr. Phillips desire? That all the anti-slaverymen, including the Free Sailors, should encouragecrusades, instigating the slaves to escape?—to revolt?Mr. Mann is not ready for rash action; but he is readyto amend the constitution, and to repeal all unjust orbad laws. What is the difference between a course recommendedby a few, whose violence renders their actionharmless, and Lynch law, which for the time actuatesnumbers too great to be resisted? ENQUIRER. ☞'ENQUIRER' writes in a strain of entire self-complacency,as though he had really done immense execution;but his gun is a blunderbuss, and emits onlya flash is 'Garrisonian or a Phillipsonian'; but it is,how, in consistency with sound morality, Mr. Manncan, in one breath, denounce the hunting of fugitiveslaves as prominently base and wicked, and in thenext swear to uphold the constitution which providesfor their being hunted and recaptured. We preach noother 'rebelition to the powers that be,' than such asChrist and his Apostles, and Luther and his confederates,preached and exemplified, and for the same reason—namely,because it is better to obey God than man.If we 'denounce all not of our school in its full extent,'we do no worse than those who refuse to walk with us;and, besides, our issue is constantly one of moral principle—uncompromisingfidelity to the slave—where weare bound to be inexorable, and have no right to grantany indulgence. That the constitution provides for itsown amendment, is true; but, until it is amended, thevoters swears, by proxy, to maintain it as it is, with allits sinful compromises. How can he do this withoutcriminality? If one of the articles of that instrumentprohibited the promulgation of Christianity, andrequired the worship of Juggernaut, could a Christianconsistently; or without sin, vote to uphold such a constitution,by pleading that it provided for its own amendment;or would be not necessarily be disfranchised forconscience sake? But if all abolitionists reject the ballot,how can the constitution be amended? And if allChristians, in the case supposed, should withdraw fromThe polls, how could the instrument ever be altered?And if all the people of God should come out of Babylon,What chance for its reformation? Is it, then, allowableTo do evil, that good may come? Does, then, theEnd sanctify the means? Can we sin economically forThe glory of God or the welfare of the state? 'Mr. MannSwears to support the constitution while it is the constitution.'Just so—and hence our moral arraignment ofHis course, because he agrees that slaves may be hunted,so long as the act is constitutional, though personalitydesirous of blotting out this odious feature. 'What doMr. Garrison and Mr. Phillips desire?' Answer—'nounion with slaveholders, religiously or politically,' becauseit can be secured only by recognizing their rightto enslave their fellow-men. Are we fanatical or unreasonablein this? But if he is? It does not touchthe question. This 'is coming out of the same hole inwhich you entered.' Stick to the point! Can an antislaveryman swear to maintain a pro-slavery instrument? NQUIRER 
