 MY COUNTRYMEN: Y OUNTRYMEN It is a relief to feel that no heart but my owncan know the personal regret and bitter sorrow,ever which I have been borne to a position, sosuitable for others, rather than desirable for myself. The circumstances, under which I hare been calledfor a limited period, to preside over the destiniesof the republic, fill me with a profound sense ofresponsibility, but with nothing like shrinkingapprehension. I repair to the post assigned me,not as to one sought, bat in obedience to the unsolicitedexpression of your will, answerable onlyfor a fearless, faithful, and diligent exercise of mybest powers. I ought to be, and am, truly gratefulfor the rare manifestation of the nation's confidence;but this, so far from lightening my obligations,only adds to their weight. You have summonedme in my weakness: you must sustain meby your strength. When looking for the fulfillmentof reasonable requirements, you will not be unmindfulof the great changes which have occurred,even within the last quarter of a century, and theconsequent augmentation and complexity of dutiesimposed, in the administration both of your homeand foreign affairs. Whether the elements of inherent force in therepublic have kept pace with its unparalleledprogression in territory, population, and wealth,has been the subject of earnest thought and discussion,on both sides of the ocean. Less thansixty-three years ago, the Father of his Countrymade 'the' then 'recent accession of the importantstate of North Carolina to the constitutionof the United States,' one of the subjects of hisspecial congratulation. At that moment, however,when the agitation consequent upon the revolutionarystruggle had hardly subsided, when we werejust emerging from the weakness and embarrassmentsof the confederation, there was an evidentconsciousness of vigor, equal to the great missionso wisely and bravely fulfilled by our fathers. Itwas not a presumptuous assurance, but a calmfaith, springing from a clear view of the sources ofpower, in a government constituted like ours. Itis no paradox to say that, although comparativelyweak, the new-born nation was intrinsically strong.Inconsiderable in population and apparent resources,it was upheld by a broad and intelligentcomprehension of rights, and an all-pervading purposeto maintain them, stronger than armaments.It came from the furnace of the revolution, temperedto the necessity of the times. The thoughts ofthe men of that day were as practical as theirsentiments were patriotic. They wasted no portionof their energies upon idle and delusivespeculations, but with a firm and fearless step advancedbeyond the governmental landmarks, whichbad hitherto circumscribed the limits of humanfreedom, and planted their standard where it hasstood, against dangers, which have threatened fromabroad, and internal agitation, which has at timesfearfully menaced at home. They approved themselvesequal to the solution of the great problem,to understand which their minds had been illuminatedby the dawning lights of the revolution. Theobject sought was not a thing dreamed of: it was athing realized. They had exhibited not only thepower to achieve, but what all history affirms to beso much more unusual, the capacity to maintain.The oppressed throughout the world, from that dayto the present, have turned their eyes hitherward,not to find those lights extinguished, or to fear lestthey should wane, but to be constantly cheered bytheir steady and increasing radiance. In this, our country has, in my judgment, thusfar fulfilled its highest duty to suffering humanity.It has spoken, and will continue to speak, not onlyby its words, out by its acts, the language of sympathy,encouragement and hope, to those, whoearnestly listen to tones, which pronounce for thelargest rational liberty. But, after all, the mostanimating encouragement and potent appeal forfreedom will be its own history, its trials and itstriumphs. Pre-eminently, the power of our advocacyreposes in our example; but no example,be it remembered, can be powerful for lasting good,whatever apparent advantages may be gained, whichis not based upon eternal principles of right andjustice. Our fathers decided far themselves, bothupon the hour to declare and the hour to strike.They were their own judges of the circumstances,under which it became them to pledge to each other'their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor,'for the acquisition of the priceless inheritancetransmitted to us. The energy, with which thatgreat conflict was opened, and, under the guidanceof a manifest and beneficent Providence, the uncomplainingendurance, with which it was prosecutedto its consummation, were only surpassed bythe wisdom and patriotic spirit of concession, whichcharacterized all the counsels of the early father. One of the most impressive evidences of thatwisdom is to be found in the fact, that the actualworking of our system has dispelled a degree ofsolicitude, which, at the outset, disturbed boldhearts and far-reaching intellects. The apprehensionof dangers from extended territory, multipliedstates, accumulated wealth, and augmentedpopulation, has proved to be unfounded. The starsupon your banner have become nearly threefoldtheir original number, your densely populatedpossessions skirt the shores of the two great oceans,and yet this vast increase of people and territoryhas not only shown itself compatible with theharmonious action of the states and the federalgovernment in their respective constitutionalspheres, but has afforded an additional guaranteeof the strength and integrity of both. With an experience thus suggestive and cheering,the policy of my administration will not becontrolled by any timid forebodings of evil fromexpansion. Indeed, it is not to be disguised thatour attitude as a nation, and our position on theglobe, render the acquisition of certain possessions,not within our jurisdiction, eminently importantfor our protection, if not, in the future, essentialfor the preservation of the rights of commerce andthe peace of the world. Should they be obtained,it will be through no grasping spirit, but with aview to obvious national interest and security, andin a manner entirely consistent with the strictestobservance of national faith. We have nothing inour history or position to invite aggression, wehave every thing to beckon us to the cultivation ofrelations of peace and amity with all nations.Purposes, therefore, at once just and pacific, will besignificantly marked in the conduct of our foreignaffairs. I intend that my administration shall leave noblot upon our fair record, and trust I may safelygive the assurance that no act within the legitimatescope of my constitutional control will be tolerated,on the part of any portion of our citizens, whichcannot challenge a ready justification before thetribunal of the civilized world. An administrationwould be unworthy of confidence at home, or respectabroad, should it cease to he influenced bythe conviction, that no apparent advantage can bepurchased at a price so dear as that of nationalwrong or dishonor. It is not your privilege, as anation, to speak of a distant past. The strikingincidents of your history, replete with instruction,and furnishing abundant grounds for hopeful confidence,are comprised in a period comparativelybrief. But if your past is limited, your future isboundless. Its obligations throng the unexploredpathway of advancement, and will be limitless asduration. Hence a sound and comprehensive policyshould embrace not less the distant future than theurgent present. The great objects of oar pursuit as a people arebest to be attained by peace, and are entirely consistentwith the tranquility and interests of therest of mankind. With the neighboring nationsupon our continent, we should cultivate kindly andfraternal relations. We can desire nothing in regardto them so much, as to see them consolidatetheir strength, and pursue the paths of prosperityand happiness. If, in the course of their growth,we should open new channels of trade, and createadditional facilities for friendly intercourse, thebenefits realized will be equal and mutual. Of thecomplicated European system of national politywe bare hitherto been independent. from theirwars, their tumults anxieties, we have been,happily, almost entirely exempt. Whilst these areconfined to the nations which gave them existence,and within their legitimate jurisdiction, they cannotaffect us, except as they appeal to our sympathiesin the cease of human freedom and universaladvancement But the vast interests of commerceare common to all mankind, and the advantagesof trade and international intercoursemust always present a noble field for the moral influenceof a great people. With these views firmly and honestly carried out,We have a right to expect, and shall under allCircumstances require, prompt reciprocity. TheRights which belong to us a nation are not aloneto be regarded, but those which pertain to everycitizen in his individual capacity, at home andabroad, must be sacredly maintained. So long asbe can discern every star in its place upon that ensign,without wealth to purchase for him preferment,or title to secure for him place, it will be hisprivilege, and must be his acknowledged right, tostand unabashed even in the presence of princes,with a proud consciousness that he is himself oneof a nation of sovereigns, and that he cannot, inlegitimate pursuit, wander so far from home, thatthe agent, whom he shall leave behind in the placewhich I now occupy, will not see that no rude handof power or tyrannical passion is laid upon himwith impunity. He must realize, that upon everysea, and on every soil, where our enterprise mayrightfully seek the protection of our flag, Americancitizenship is an inviolable panoply for the securityof American rights. And, in this connection, itcan hardly be necessary to reaffirm a principlewhich should now be regarded as fundamental.The rights, security, and repose of this confederacyreject the idea of interference or colonization, onthis side of the ocean, by any foreign power, beyondpresent jurisdiction, as utterly inadmissible. The opportunities of observation, furnished bymy brief experience as a soldier, confirmed in myown mind the opinion entertained and acted upon byothers from the formation, of the government, thatthe maintenance of large standing armies in ourcountry would be not only dangerous, but unnecessary.They also illustrated the importance, Imight well say the absolute necessity, of the militaryscience and practical skill furnished, in such aneminent degree, by the institution which hasmade your army what it is, under the disciplineand instruction of officers not more distinguishedfor their solid attainments, gallantry, and devotionto the public service, than for unobtrusivebearing and high moral tone. The army, as organized,must be the nucleus, around which, inevery time of need, the strength of your militarypower', the sure bulwark of your defense,—a nationalmilitia,—may be readily formed into a welldisciplined and efficient organization. And theskill and self-devotion of the navy assure you thatyou may take the performance of the past as apledge for the future, and may confidently expectthat the flag, which has waved its untarnishedfolds over every sea, will still float in undiminishedhonor. But these, like many other subjects,will be appropriately brought, at a future time,to the attention of the coordinate branches of thegovernment, to which I shall always look with pro-foundrespect, and with trustful confidence thatthey will accord to me the aid and support, whichI shall so much need, and which their experienceand wisdom will readily suggest. In the administration of domestic affairs, yon expecta devoted integrity in the public service, andan observance of rigid economy in all departments,so marked as never justly to be questioned. Ifthis reasonable expectation be not realized, I franklyconfess that one of your leading hopes is doomedto disappointment, and that my efforts, in avery important particular, must result in a humiliatingfailure. Officers can be properly regardedonly in the light of aids for the accomplishmentof these objects; and as occupancy can confer noprerogative, nor importunate desire for prefermentany claim, the public interest imperatively demandsthat they be considered with sole referenceto the duties to be performed. Good citizensmay well claim the protection of good laws andthe benign influence of good government; but aclaim for office is what the people of a republicshould never recognize. No reasonable man of any party will expect theadministration to be so regardless of its responsibility,and of the obvious elements of success, asto retain persons, known to be under the influenceof political hostility and partisan prejudice, inposition, which will require, not only severe labor,but cordial cooperation. Having no implied engagementsto ratify, no rewards to bestow, no resentmentsto remember, and no personal wishes toconsult, in selections for official station, I shallfulfil this difficult and delicate trust, admitting nomotive as worthy either of my character or position,which does not contemplate an efficient dischargeof duty and the best interests of my country.I acknowledge my obligations to the masses of mycountrymen, and to them alone. Higher objectsthan personal aggrandizement gave direction andenergy to their exertions in the late canvass, andthey shall not be disappointed. They require atmy hands diligence, integrity, and capacity, wheneverthere are duties to be performed. Withoutthese qualities in their public servants, more stringentlaws, for the prevention or punishment offraud, negligence and peculation, will be vain.With them, they will be unnecessary. But these are not the only points to which youlook for vigilant watchfulness. The dangers of aconcentration of all power in the general governmentof a confederacy so vast as ours, are too obviousto be disregarded. You have a right, therefore,to expect your agents, in every department,to regard strictly the limits imposed upon them bythe Constitution of the United States. The greatscheme of our constitutional liberty rests upona proper distribution of power between the Stateand Federal authorities, and experience has shown,that the harmony and happiness of our people mustdepend upon a just discrimination between theseparate rights and responsibilities of the States,and your common rights and obligations under thegeneral government. And here, in my opinion,are the considerations which should form thetrue basis of future concord, in regard to the questionswhich have most seriously disturbed publictranquility. If the federal government will confineitself to the exercise of powers clearly grantedby the Constitution, it can hardly happen thatits action upon any question should endanger theinstitutions of the States, or interfere with theirright to manage matters strictly domestic, accordingto the will of their own people. In expressing briefly my views upon an importantsubject, which has recently agitated the nationto almost a fearful degree, I am moved by noother impulse than a most earnest desire for theperpetuation of that Union which has made uswhat we are,—showering upon us blessings, andconferring a power and influence which our fatherscould hardly have anticipated, even with their mostsanguine hopes directed to a far-off future. Thesentiments I now announce were not unknown beforethe expression of the voice which called mehere. My own position upon this subject wasclear and unequivocal, upon the record of mywords and my acts, and it is only recurred to atthis time because silence might, perhaps, be misconstrued.With the Union, our best and dearestearthly hopes are entwined. Without it,what are we, individually or collectively? Whatbecomes of the noblest field ever opened for the advancementof our race, in religion, in government,in the arts, and 'in all that dignifies and adornsmankind? From that radiant constellation, whichboth illumines our own way and points out tostruggling nations their course, let bat a single starbe lost, and if there be not utter darkness, the lusterof the whole is dimmed. Do my countrymenneed any assurance that such a catastrophe is notto overtake them, while I possess the power to stayit?  It is with me an earnest and vital belief, thatas the Union has been the source, under Providence,of our prosperity to this time, so it is thesurest pledge of a continuance of the blessings wehave enjoyed, and which we are sacredly bound totransmit undiminished to our children. The fieldof calm and free discussion in our country is open,and will always be so; but it never has beenand never can be traversed for good in a spirit ofsectionalism and uncharitableness. The founders of the republic dealt with thingsas they were presented to them, in a spirit of self-sacrificingpatriotism, and, as time has proved,with a comprehensive wisdom, which it will alwaysbe safe for us to consult. Every measure, tendingto strengthen the fraternal feelings of all themembers of our Union, has had my heartfelt approbation.To every theory of society or government,whether the offspring of feverish ambitionor of morbid enthusiasm, calculated to dissolve thebonds of the love and affection which unite us, Ishall interpose a ready and stern resistance. Ibelieve that involuntary servitude, as it exists indifferent States of the confederacy, is recognizedby the Constitution. I believe that it stands likeany other admitted right, and that the stateswhere it exists are entitled to efficient remedies toenforce the constitutional provisions. I bold thatthe laws of 1850, commonly called the compromisemeasures,' are strictly Constitutional, andto be unhesitatingly carried into effect. I believethat the constituted authorities of this republic arebound to regard the rights of the South in thisrespect, as they would view any other legal andConstitutional right, and that the laws to enforcethem should be respected and obeyed, not with areluctance encouraged by abstract opinion as totheir propriety in a different state of society, butcheerfully, and according to the decision of thetribunal to which their exposition belongs. suchhave been, and are, my convictions, and upon thenI shall act. I fervently hope that the question isat rest, and that no sectional, or ambitious, orfanatical excitement may again threaten the durabilityof our institutions, or obscure the light ofour prosperity. But let not the foundation of our hope restupon man's wisdom. It will not be sufficient thatsectional prejudices find no place in the public deliberations.It will not be sufficient that the rashcounsels of human passion are rejected.It must be felt, that there is no national security but inthe nation's bumble, acknowledged dependenceupon God and his overruling providence. We have been carried in safety through a perilouscrisis. Wise counsels, like those which gaveus the Constitution, prevailed to uphold it. Letthe period be remembered as an admonition,and not as an encouragement, in any section ofthe Union, to make experiments where experimentsare fraught with such fearful hazards. Let it beimpressed upon all hearts, that, beautiful as ourfabric is, no earthly power or wisdom could everreunite its broken fragments. Standing as I doalmost within view of the green slopes of Monticello,and, as it were, within reach of the tomb ofWashington, with all the cherished memories ofthe past gathering around me, like so many eloquentvoices of exhortation from heaven, I can expressno better hope for my country, than thatthe kind Providence, which smiled upon ourfathers, may enable their children to preserve theblessings they have inherited. 
