 Extract from a very able and eloquent speech deliveredby CARL SHURL at St. Louis, August 1:— ARL HURL Cast your eyes over that great bee-hive, called theFree States. See by the railroad and the telegraphicwire every village, almost every backwood cottage,drawn within the immediate reach of progressivecivilization. Look over our grain fields, but latelya lonesome wilderness, where machinery is almostsuperseding the labor of human band; over ourwork shops, whose aspect is almost daily changedby the magic touch or inventive genius; over ourfleets of merchant vessels, numerous enough to makethe whole world tributary to our prosperity; lookupon our society, where by popular education andthe continual change of condition the dividing linesbetween ranks and classes are almost obliterated;look upon our system of public instruction, whichplaces even the lowliest child of the people upon theroad of progressive advancement; upon ourrapid growth and expansive prosperity, which is indeedsubject to reverses and checks, but containssuch a wonderful fertility of resources, that everycheck is a mere incentive for new enterprise, everyreverse but a mere opportunity for the developmentof new powers. To what do we owe all this? First and foremostto that perfect freedom of inquiry, which acknowledgesno rules but those of logic, no limits but thosethat bound the (acuities of toe human mind.(Cheers.) Its magic consists in its universality.To it we owe the harmony of our progressive movementin all its endless ramifications. No singlescience, no single practical pursuit it exists in our dayindependently of alt other sciences, all other practicalpursuits. This is the age of the solidarity ofprogress. Set a limit to the freedom of inquiry inone direction, and you destroy the harmony of itspropelling action. Give us the Roman Inquisition,which forbids forbids Galites to think that the earthmoves round the sun, and he has to interrupt andgive up the splendid train of his discoveries, andtheir influence upon all other branches of sciences islost; he baa to give it up, or he most fight the Inquisition.Let the Slave Power or any other politicalor economical interest tell us that we must think,and say, and invent, and discover nothing which isagainst its demands—and we must interrupt andgive up the harmony of oar progressive development,or fight the tyrannical pretension, whatever shade itmay assume.  (Loud cheers.) Believing, as we do, that the moral and ideal developmentof man is the true aim and and of humansociety, we moat preserve in their efficiency themeans which serve that end. In order to secure toawe freedom of inquiry its full productive power, wemust surround it with all the safeguards which politicalinstitutions afford. As we cannot act a limitto the activity of our minds, so we cannot muzzleour mouths or fetter the press with a censorship.We cannot arrest or restrain the discussion of thequestion, what system of labor, or what organizationof society promotes best the moral and intellectual developmentof man. We cannot deprive a single individualof the privilege* which protect him in thefree exercise of his faculties, and the enjoyment ofhis right, so long as these faculties are not employedto the detriment of the rights and liberties of others.Our organization of society resting upon equalrights, we find our security in a general system ofpopular education which fits all for an intelligentexercise of those rights. This is the home policy offree-labor society. The policy in our Federal affairsmust necessarily correspond. Deeming free and intelligentlabor the only safe basis of society, it is ourduty to expand its blessings over all the territorywithin our reach; seeing our own prosperity advancedby the prosperity of our neighbors, we mustendeavor to plant upon our borders a system of laborwhich answers in that respect. Do we recognizethe right of the laboring man to the soil he cultivates,and shield him against oppressive speculation?Seeing in the harmonious development of all branchesof labor a source of progress and power, we mustadopt a policy which draws so light the resources ofthe land, gives work to our workshops and securityto our commerce. These are the principles andviews governing our policy. We cannot arrest or restrain the discussion of thequestion, what system of labor, or what organizationof society promotes best the moral and intellectual developmentof man. Slaveholders, look at this picture, and at this!Can the difference escape your observation? Youmay say, as many have said, that there is indeed adifference of principles, but not necessarily an antagonismof interests. Look again. Your social system is founded upon forced labor,ours upon free labor. Slave labor cannot exist togetherwith freedom of inquiry, and so you demandthe restriction of that freedom; free labor cannotexist without it, and so we maintain its inviolability.Slave labor demands the setting aside of thesafeguards of individual liberty, for the purpose ofupholding subordination and protecting slave property;free labor demands their preservation as essentialand indispensable to its existence and progressivedevelopment. Slavery demands extension by an aggressiveforeign policy;free labor demands an honorablepeace and friendly intercourse with the worldabroad (or its commerce, and a peaceable and undisturbeddevelopment of our resources at home for itsagriculture and industry. Slavery demands extensionover national territories for the purpose of gainingpolitical power. Free labor demands the nationaldomain for working men for the purpose ofspreading the blessings of liberty and civilization.Slavery opposes all measures tending to secure thesoil to the actual laborers; free labor therefore recognizesthe right of the settler to the soil, and demandsmeasures protecting him against the pressureof speculation. Slavery demands the absolute ascendancyof the planting interest in our economicalpolicy, free labor demands legislation tending todevelop all the resources of the land, and to harmonizethe agricultural, commercial and industrial interests.Slavery demands the control of the GeneralGovernment for its special protection andthe promotion of its peculiar interest; free labordemands that the General Government be administeredfor the purpose of securing to all the blessingsof liberty, and for the promotion of the general welfare.Slavery demands the recognition of its divineright; Free Labor recognizes no divine rights butthat of the liberty of all men. With one word, Slavery demands for its protectionand perpetuation a system of policy which is utterlyincompatible with the principles upon which the organizationof free Labor society rests. There is the antagonism.That is the essence of the 'irrepressibleconflict.' It is a conflict of principles underlyinginterests, always the same, whether appearing as amoral, economical, or political question. Mr. Douglasboasted that he could repress it with police measures;he might as well try to better the winds with.a rope. The South mean to repress it with the decisionof the Supreme Court; they might as well,like Xerxes, try to subdue the waves of the oceanby throwing chains into the water.(Applause.) Slavery demands for its protectionand perpetuation a system of policy which is utterlyincompatible with the principles upon which the organizationof free Labor society rests. * * * * * * * * Thus the all-prevailing antagonism stands beforeus, gigantic in its dimensions, growing every day inthe awful proportions of its problems, involving thecharacter of our institutions; involving our relationswith the world abroad; involving our peace,our rights and liberties at home; involving ourgrowth and prosperity; involving our moral andpolitical existence as a nation. How short-sighted, how childish are those whofind its origin in artificial agitation! As thoughwe could produce a tempest by blowing our noses,or an earthquake by stamping our puny feet uponthe ground! But how to solve, how to decide it?Let us pass in review our political parties, and theremedies they propose. There we encounter the socalled Union party, with Bell and Everett, who tellus the beet way to settle the conflicts to ignore it. Ignore it! Ignore it, when attempts are made toplunge the country into war and disgrace, for thepurpose of Slavery extension! Ignore it, whenSlavery and Free Labor wage their fierce war aboutthe possession of the national domain! Ignore it,when the liberties of speech and press are attacked!Ignore it, when the actual settler claims the virginsoil, and the slaveholding capitalists claim it also!Ignore it, when the planting interest seeks to establishand maintain its exclusive supremacy in oureconomical policy! Ignore it, indeed! Ignore thefire that consumes the corner-post of your house!Ignore the storm that breaks the rudder and tears totatters the sails of your ship! Conjure the revoltedelements with a meek Mount Vernon lecture! Pourupon the furious waves the placid oil of a quotationfrom Washington's farewell address! It is true they tell us they will enforce the lawsand the Constitution. Well enough? But whatlaws? Those that Free Labor demand, or those thatSlavery gives us? What Constipation? That ofWashington and Madison, or that of Slidell, Douglasand Taney? The conflict stands there with the stubborn, brutalforce of reality. However severely it may disturbthe nerves of timid gentlemen, there it stands andspeaks the hard, stem language of face I understandwell that great problems and responsibilitiesshould be approached with care and caution. Buttimes like those demand the firm action of men whoknow what they will, and will it, not that eunuchpolicy, which, conscious of its own unproductiveness,invites us blandly to settle down into the imbecilecontentment of general impotency. Theycannot ignore the conflict if they would, but havenot nerve enough to decide it if they could. and will it cannot 
