 The following is the speech delivered at the JohnBrown meeting in Boston, November 19th, 1859, byMr. JOHN A. ANDREW:— OHN NDREW 'Obedient to the commands of the gentlemen whoarranged the meeting on this occasion, I am herepresent to occupy the simple and inarduous dutiesof chairman. They do not impose upon me the officeof speech, and I hardly deem it consistent withthe proprieties of the position I hold. It simply isincumbent upon me to say a single word by way ofexplanation, of the order and arrangement and principlesof this meeting, and to present to you the distinguishedand eloquent friends who have compliedwith the invitation of the committee, and are herepresent to address this audience. Many hearts weretouched by the words of John Brown, in a recentletter to Lydia Maria Child:— '"I have at home s wife and three young daughters,the youngest but little over five years old, theoldest nearly sixteen. I have also two daughters-in-law,whose husbands have both fallen near me here.I There it also another widow, Mrs. Thompson, whosehusband fell here. Whether she is a mother or not,1 cannot say. I have a middle-aged son, who hasbeen, in some degree, a cripple from his childhood,who would have as much as he could well do to earna living. He has not enough to clothe himself for thewinter comfortably." 'John Brown and his companions in the conflictat Harper's Ferry, those who fell there and thosewho are to suffer upon the scaffold, are victims ormartyrs to an idea. There is an irrepressible conflict(great applause) between Freedom and Slavery,as old and as immortal as the irrepressible conflictbetween right and wrong. They arc among themartyrs of that conflict. 'I pause not now to consider, because it is whollyoutside the duty or the thought of this assembly tonight,whether the enterprise of John Brown andhis associates in Virginia was wise or foolish, rightor wrong. I only know that whether the enterpriseitself was one or the other, JOHN BROWN HIMSELFIS RIGHT. (Applause.) I SYMPATHISMWITH THE MAN, I SYMPATHISE WITH THE IDEA, BECAUSEI SYMPATHISE WITH AND BELIEVE IN THE ETERNALRIGHT. They who are dependent upon him, and hissons and associates, in the battle at Harper's Ferryhave a right to call upon us who have professed tobelieve, or who have in any manner or measuretaught, the doctrine of the rights of man as appliedto the colored slaves of the South, to stand by thenin their bereavement, whether those husbands andfathers and brothers were right or wrong. (Applause.)And therefore we have met to take arrangementtogether, and assist each other in the arrangementand apportionment of means for the purposeof securing to those widowed and bereaved wivesand families, the necessities of more mortal existence,which the striking down of sons and husbands andbrothers had left them bereft of. The committeefor this evening hid invited to address you the Rev.Mr. Manning, Mr. Ralph Waldo Emerson, and Mr.Wendell Phillip. Added to them gentlemen wasthe Rev. George H. Hepworth. Mr. Manning, Mr.Emerson and Mr. Phillips are her to speak forthemselves. Mr. Hepworth has addressed to a memberof the committee, the following note:— ' "Boston, November 19th. ' "DEAR SIR,—I shall not be with you to-night tospeak compromised the great question of the day, becauseI feel that the advertisement in the papers hascompromised my position. It does not tell that truthwhich is of prime importance to me, that both sidesof the question were to be discussed. It sires a decidedimpression that those who were to speak favoredthe whole movement, whereas I am severely opposedI to it. EAR IR * * * * * * * ' "(Signed,) GEORGE H. HEPWORTH." EORGE EPWORTH. 'The gentlemen who invited Mr. Hepworth andthe other gentlemen who are present to-night, tooccupy this platform, attempted to make themselvesexplicitly understood, and it is quite a misfortuneeither to them or Mr. Hepworth, or to all, that theydid not succeed in that instance. This platform isentirely tree from the expression of any sentiment onthe part of those who occupy it, touching the subjectmatter of the meeting. It was not suspectedby anybody that there were two sides to the questionwhether John Brown's wife and children should beleft to starve or not. (Long continued applause.)On that issue I expect no considerable acrimony ofdebate between the gentlemen of extreme orthodoxyand of extreme heterodoxy, whom I shall have thehonor hereafter to present upon this platform. Gentlemen,all of them, of marked, of intelligent, andof decided opinions, and of entire respect for themselvesand for their own individuality, they will eachpresent such aspect of this great cause, and of thismost touching and pathetic case, as occurs to them.It will not compromise Mr. Phillips that he sitsupon a platform consecrated by the prayer of Rev.Dr. Neale, and it will not compromise the Rev. Mr.Manning that he works to-night side by side andhand in hand with Ralph Waldo Emerson, in thatcause of God and humanity. (Applause.) Standingin the valley of the shadow of death, looking,each man, from himself toward that infinite andeternal centre of life and love and power, the InfiniteFather,—all differences between us mortals and menbecome dwarfed into infinite littleness. We are tonightin the presence of a great and an awful sorrow,which has fallen like a pall upon many families,whose hearts fail, whose affections are lacerated, andwhose hopes are crushed—all of hope left on earthdestroyed by an event which, under the Providenceof God, I pray mil be overruled for that good whichwas contemplated and intended by John Brown himself.But this is not my occasion for words. I haveonly to invite you, friends, to listen with affectionateinterest and feeling hearts to what you shallhear from hence to-night, and by practical sympathyand material aid, help to assuage those sufferingsand those griefs. Among the other instrumentalitiesfor the aid of the family of Mr. Brown andthose of his immediate associates, in addition to thecollection which may be realized by the sale of thicksetat the door, there will be a committee appointedthis evening for the purpose of receiving subscriptionsand donations, of whatever amount, fromwhatever friends choose to contribute of their substance;and this committee, having a central positionhere in Boston, will receive contributions from anypart of the neighboring country. I am requestedalso to call attention to the project of Mr. Hyatt,of New York, by which photographic likenesses ofCaptain Brown are to be placed on sale in a shorttime,—the profits of which will go to the benefit ofBrown's family. I am also requested by a gentlemanof this city, to say that he has caused theaddress of Captain Brown to the Virginia court,upon the reception of his death sentence, to beprinted in this neat form for preservation. in thatcause of God and humanity. I pray mil be overruled for that good whichwas contemplated and intended by John Brown himself. [The speaker here exhibited a large illuminatedcard, on which the document was printed.] 'It has the additional attraction of a fac-simileof the signature of Captain Brown. This will befor sale at the door at the low price of ten centseach. A thousand copies have been struck off, andthe whole proceeds will go into the treasury of thecommittee hereafter to be appointed, the gentlemanpaying the expense of printing himself. (Applause.)' 
