 The late acts of incendiarism in Texas, and theevidence which gains credit there of more diabolicaldesigns, have created an excitement in that Statewhich it is not possible for those at a distance fullyto estimate. With the full conviction prevailing inmany counties that the conflagrations which havedestroyed so many flourishing towns are but the firstpart of a deep conspiracy, whose malignant objectis the desolation of the country, no wonder need beexpressed at the suspicion that exists toward strangersthat are found among them, and the readinessof the people to rid themselves of all who cannotestablish their honesty of purpose. But this stateof public feeling may lead to an exaggeration offacts to the exaltation of suspicions to the dignityof proof; and harassing inquisition, if not absolutedanger, to honest strangers, and to the perpetrationof acts of cruel injustice. The following statement, made by a well-knowncitizen of New Orleans, affords a painful illustrationof the feeling existing, and the idea of thewrong which may, in the haste of the excitement,be done to the innocent. We publish it, that thecitizens of Texas may see a cogent reason for coolcalmness and deliberation in their action toward thesuspected, who may be not only innocent and true,but friendly and brotherly. Mr. Savers, who has been for twenty Tears engagedin buying and selling stock in this city, earlyin the summer made a trip to Texas with the intentionof purchasing and stocking a farm. With thisobject, he made a tour through nearly all the countiesof Northern and Middle Texas, and happenedto be near Dallas, on his return to New Orleans,about the time the disastrous fire broke out in thatplace. From Dallas he travelled by stage to Palestine,in Anderson county, finding the whole peopleexcited in the highest degree by the dangers aboutthem. Failing to make connection at Palestinewith the stages to Crockett, he attempted to procurea private conveyance, as the delay would interferewith his business arrangements. This anxietyto reach Crockett, coupled with the fact that hewas a stranger, coming from the direction of Dallas,excited suspicion, and he found himself surroundedby a crowd, who took him to be an incendiary.So far from being satisfied with his explanations,and a detailed history of his businessand life, they judged him an enemy, and proposedto give him an introduction to Judge Lynch. Anticipating the worst, Mr. Savers stood on hisdefence, drew his revolver, and stated to the crowdthat if they had determined to bang him, he wouldsell his life as dearly as possible; and in his Masoniccharacter he called upon the Masonic fraternity foraid. This appeal proved successful for delay, andafter a more cool investigation, he was released. This is a brief account of the adventure in theexcited region of a well-known citizen of NewOrleans, himself a slaveholder, born in a slaveState, and identified with the institutions of theSouth. The slightest suspicions were magnified intoproofs of crime. He had come to that town from a point where theincendiaries had been at work, and seemed desirousto hasten out of Texas, and his details of his business,his personal references to known citizens ofCrockett who were not present, and his statementthat he was in Texas with the design of settlement,were discredited, and but for a fortunate appeal toother titles, his life might not have been saved.This case should warn the people of Texas againstprecipitation under this excitement, and to do theduty of dealing with the suspected only on perfectevidence, and with the forms>of law, if possible;otherwise, in the extreme cases, after such farms ofdeliberation as will be their vindication to their ownconsciences and the world. But these occurrencesshow, not only bow deep a sentiment and excitementpervade the threatened counties, but those adjoining.Exaggerated though the facts that go toprove a widely-extended and well-contrived conspiracyagainst life and property may as. it cannotbe stated that this alarm is the offspring of delusion,or got up for any political movement. Thereis real cause for organization for self-protection.Well for Texas will it be if every act resulting beguided by justice. 
