 Who at the North can be relied upon? There aresome there whose friendship is as pure as the driftedsnow, and as warm as an endangered people.could desire it to be. There are the Buchanans, theLines, the Cushings, the Fitches, the Biglers, theHalletts, the Dickinsons, and hosts of others whotalk for us as John C. Calhoun talked. Thereare the Daybooks, the Old Line Guards, the BostonPosts, the Journals of Commerce, and hundredsof newspapers throughout the Free States, that holdup for our rights as if they had been established bySouthern men and Southern gold. They stand betweenus and the dark hosts of our enemies in theirmidst. They all tell their people that we of theSouth are their equals. They stake their fortunes,politically and pecuniarily, in proclaiming andmaintaining, everywhere, that in the States and inthe Territories we have, under a common Constitution,every right that they possess—that the slaveholderis entitled to as much protection in the Territoriesas the abolitionist, or the free-soiler. Theydon't interpose local laws to exclude us—they sayno such local laws should exist in the Territories—that laws should be enacted to give ample protectionto slave property. These, then, are our Northernfriends. They stand like immovable rocks inthe sea of fanaticism. They are like streaks of lightupon the dark Northern cloud. They give us theonly hope we have that those clouds maybe dispersed,and we and the Union left in safety andpeace. Douglas Democrats! do not these truthsspeak, in tones of love, to lure you to your truefriends? Bell men! do you not know that theNorthern supporters of your candidate are not likethese true Northern Democrats to whom we refer?Oh! people of the South, how long will some superstitiouscharm, some fatal blindness, misleadyou! Tear away this ablepsy from your eyes, shakeoff the mists from your locks, stand united to backyour true Northern friends, and the halcyon daysof the past will return in pristine freshness andbeauty to bless you and your country. Your Northernfriends will be invigorated by your unity, andyour enemies will tremble in view of their certaindefeat.— Augusta (Georgia) True Democrat. Daybooks Old Line Guards , the Journals of Commerce These, then, are our Northernfriends. know true Augusta (Georgia) True Democrat. 
