 How true it is that every claim urged for oppressedhumanity in one part of the world may be usedas an argument against wrong everywhere! Principlesare dangerous things. Like edged tools, theycut the very hands of those who unskillfully usethem. We have an instance of this in the 'World,'the new religious daily which patterns after themorality and piety of the Tract Society:— World 'The indignant sympathy of all Christendom waslately awakened by the outrage which removed aJewish child from his parents. It is not likely thatit will slumber now that a host of Christian parentsand children hare bees overwhelmed by a commondestruction, and the like detraction impends overthe large Christian population of the Turkish provinces.Some thousands hare perished already:but in Syria alone, there are upwards of 600,000Christians, who are new probably trembling to apprehensionof a similar fate. It is as time to standupon technicalities, nor to consult precedents. "Charley,"said good Archbishop Tillotson, "is above rubies;and humanity is higher than national law."In fact, the necessity and duty of protesting theChristian populations, under the fanatical despotismof the Ottoman empire, has come to be as admittedprinciple of general law. The last treaty betweenthe Christian Powers and the Porte recognized it.Russia has since assumed still more boldly the attitudeof protector to the Greek Christiana, and Europehas admitted her right to do so. It is not likelythat France will be more slack to protect the Catholics,nor that England will leave either to Russia orFrance, or both combined, the office of protector andavenger under circumstances where it might so easilybe made the means of furthering their ambitiousencroachment, or endangering her own Asiatic possessions.Our own country has an interest in thismatter—not the mere interest of humanity, thougha free and powerful State might well allow suchgenerous instincts to influence her policy.' humanity is higher than national law. Now, in this quotation we see principles laid downintelligently and deliberately which justified JohnBrown in his efforts to free the slaves of Virginia.If it is an admitted principle of general law that theChristian populations under the fanatical despotismof the Ottoman Empire should he protected,—ifTillotson's maxim is good and Christian, that 'humanityis higher than national law,'—who can dareto Maine the five heroes who perished on the scaffoldin Virginia in an abortive effort to redeemfrom a bondage worse than death the millionsof slaves in this land? 'Rid the poor and needyout of the land of the wicked' is a divine command;and it is also a dictate of humanity, as isproved by the thousands of swords that have leapedfrom their scabbards to avenge the wrongs done tothe Christians in Syria. The great sin and fault forwhich John Brown forfeited his life was that he endeavoredto obey this divine command. There arefour millions of American citizens, condemned by thelaws of the piratical oligarchies of the South to perpetualslavery for no crime. Their labor is plunderedfrom them. Their wives and children are tornfrom them, and sold away to a returnless distance.They are treated like chattels personal in the handsof their owners. They long for freedom. and wouldwillingly exchange their bondage for death. JohnBrown regarded the slaveholding States as piracies,and he did on a small scale what the World wantsall Christendom to do in renewing and protecting theSyrian Christians from Mohammedan despotism.How dare the World, then, in the face and teethof its avowed principles concerning intervention,say one word in rebuke of John Brown and his associatesfor their heroic deeds in Virginia? principles World World principles But you will not find the South endorsing thepolicy of intervention in Syria. They watch principleswith the eye of a basilisk. They were thedeadly enemies of Kossuth and the cause of theHungarians, because they knew that the Magyar'sprinciples, if applied to the despotisms ofthe South as well as of Austria, would strike thechains from the limbs of every slave. They areconsistent. But the World is blear-eyed, and doesnot see where its principles would lead. If it did,we fear it would adopt the do-nothing principleand policy dictated by the Tract Society. principles World 
