 E.B. Underhill, Esq., Foreign Secretary of theEnglish Baptist Missionary Society, is now on avisit to this country. He has recently spent fouryears in visiting the Missions of the Society in Burmah,India, and the West Indies; and in a recentmeeting in New York, he is reported as saying: He had visited Trinidad and Hayti, and spent fivemonths in Jamaica, and was prepared to deny thereports that either missionary labors or emancipationhad been a failure in the West Indies. He hadcome away from Jamaica, and the other West IndiaInlands, with a glad and cheerful heart. All theIslands in the British Government, except Trinidad,were eminently Christian Islands. There were morechurch members, in proportion to population, andmore general attendance upon public worship, thanin any other part of the world. In some parts ofsome small islands, be could not learn of a singlefamily accustomed to being absent from worship,and the same was true, to a great extent, of Jamaicaitself, in which there could not he less than180,000 people under direct religious instruction.In some parts of the island, there were not two percent, of the population that did not attend thechurches. Before emancipation, the people were mostly inthe hands of the leaders, who were illiterate men,for the missionaries could rarely visit the plantations,except by stealth; but, since emancipation,the leaders have become more instructed. Manypeople had gone into the mountainous districts insearch of cheap lands, and at present there werenot sufficient means of reaching the wanderers. Theministry had also diminished, being almost destituteof external aid. The great want of Jamaica to-daywas more ministers, education being greatlyadvanced since emancipation. Then, in one district,there were but three or four out of five thousand,who could read and write; now there wereeighteen hundred. The piety of these persons wassincere, earnest and devoted. They supported theirown pastors, and built and repaired their ownchurches, and maintained their own schools. Theplanting interest had always been antagonistic totheir education until very recently. * * *The planters of Jamaica complained that they couldnot get laborers, and said the people were idle andcareless, but he could not confirm those allegationsof planters. There was not, taking one thing withanother, a more industrious peasantry on earth.The negroes of Jamaica themselves produced allthat was produced. They saved money, boughtthemselves farms, and oared for their children, andthroughout the interior they gave evidences of anapproach to a higher civilization. The negroeswere noted for honesty and integrity, and weretrusted by capitalists with the management of largeproperties. They disliked sugar cultivation, becauseit was less profitable than the labor upon their ownfreeholds. To the people themselves, emancipationhad been an unmixed good. On the mountains andin the valleys of Jamaica, under the shadow of themango trees, were to be found a happy people, whosefaults came from slavery, and whose virtues camefrom emancipation. 
