 Extract from a speech delivered by Hon. GEORGES. HALLARD at the 'Bell and Everett Union Meeting'that Williams Hall, Boston:— EORGE A were true that the Slave Power, so called,were always aggressive, always dedicated and devotedto the extension of slavery, to the exclusionof every other interest, would it not follow that thepeople of the slaveholding State would, with onehand and one voice, gave their support to Mr. Breckinridge?But what is the fact? Just the reverse;the whole South rejects him, and repudiates theplatform on which he stands. The ConstitutionalUnion party will carry every Southern State, withthe exception of South Carolina; nor are we withouthope of getting the vote of that State, the mostwayward and eccentric of all Uncle Sam's daughters. If there not something magnanimous and generousin this attitude of the South? Is there notsomething which touches the heart and moves thesensibilities in this appeal to the fraternal feeling ofthe North, on the part, too, of a sensitive, proud,high-spirited people? For the sake of peace, forthe common good of the whole country, in the nameof old memories and traditions, the South are willing to give up their cherished doctrines and theirfavorite son. They seem to say to us: 'We arebrethren; let us be at strife no longer. We willnot deny that, in the past, we have sometimes forgottenthat we were of the same blood. We havedone unfriendly deeds; we have spoken unkindwords; we have nursed an unforgiving temper. Inthat way we will walk no more. Let the past beforgotten and forgiven, and let us in the future dwelltogether in peace.' And how shall we receive this offer of reconciliationShall we receive it with sullen distrust anda heart of stone? Shall we haughtily, unrelentinglyangrily reject these fraternal advances? Shallwe say to the South—' We have not done with youyet; our account is not yet settled; our books arenot yet balanced. Between us and you there is anirrespressible conflict. This question of slavery inthe Territories is the airiest of abstractions, weknow—the apprehension of slavery going into theTerritories is the most needless of bugbears—but ita good enough to fight about. The quarrel is avery pretty one as it stands; and upon it we meanis pat you down, and keep you down. We meanto take the government of this country into ourown hands, and govern it after our own pattern.We can do it, because we are strong, and you arerisk. We are eighteen millions, and you are eightmillions.  To the rule of the majority you mustand shall submit, and if the strong hand be necessaryto bring you to the mood of submission, itshall not be wanting.' To this unrelenting and unforgiving temper, you haveseen you are, and you will be exhorted. For this yourmovements, your moral convictions, your religioussensibilities will be addressed. You will be told thatit is your duty as men, as patriots, as Christians,to embrace this gospel of hate. You will be toldthat you do right to be angry and keep angry withyour brother. You will be told, that when Jesusat Nazareth said, 'Thou shaft love thy neighbor asmyself ,' he meant to exclude the slaveholder; andthat the text should be amended so as to read thus: But if thy neighbor be a slaveholder, thou shalthate him, and despitefully use him, and say all manseof evil against him.' But I trust that you will be guided by bettercounsels, and follow the lead of a milder, more beneficentspirit. Let me say to you that there is nointerest of liberty, humanity, or civilization, whichcan be promoted by keeping up this so-called irreparableconflict between the North and the South.The burden of slavery will not be lightened, or thecondition of the colored population in the free Statesreproved by it, but the reverse. It can do no good,and is in itself an evil. Let us meet the South in atemper which responds to their own. Let us say tothem. 'We are brethren, and if in the past wehave not lived as brothers should, we will in thefuture. We will not stop to cast up the figures, andfind where the balance of crimination and recriminationlies, but we will close the book. We will abstainfrom taunts, and jibes and sarcasms, and threatsand denunciations. You extend to us the right handof fellowship; here is ours, with our heart in it.Whatever perils may await us in the future, we willmeet, as we have met those of the past, side by side,and shoulder to shoulder. WE will cultivate apersons, national sentiment, which shall beat atthe extremities with as healthy a pulse as at theheart.  We will work together for the good of ourcause country, in the spirit of harmony and forbearance.Together will we develop her boundlessmaterial resources; together will we educate andelevate her people—till all the nations of the earthshall call her walls salvation and her gates praise—till tyrants shall shrink from her frown—till feeblerCommonwealths shall cling to her ample robe forsupport, and, under the shadow of her awful shield,untold millions of free, happy, virtuous, educatedmen shall dwell in peace.' Extract from a speech delivered at the same meetingby a Mr. L.C. Norvell, of Memphis, Tennessee: He lately met a Mississippi planter, who had beena life-long Democrat, and had been extremely liberalto the party, and he said that the responsibilitybe the dangers threatening the country belonged tothe Democratic party South, and the Republicanparty North. He knew Mr. Bell to be a conservativestatesman, and Mr. Everett to be a gentlemanand a Christian, worthy in every respect of the highestplace in the country. He and thousands of otherDemocrats were prepared to vote for them, knowingthat if they were elected, they would give Congresssomething else to talk about besides Territories andniggers.  (Applause.) Mr. Bell refers to his pastrecord to show what he will do in the futures. Weknow that he has always been true to his country.There is but one difficulty in the way of his success,and that is, that the Republicans universally believethat if Mr. Lincoln should be elected, the South willquietly submit. I believe that if he should be electedconsult as to the expediency of instructing memberif Congress to resign their seats. You have noright to ask us to sit quietly under the election of aman who has publicly declared that whenever andwherever he can abolish slavery, he shall do it. Puttown Mr. Lincoln, and the country is safe. (Cheers.) Mr. Norvell defined what he considered to be theonly difference existing between an Abolitionist anda Republican, viz.,: that the former is an honestman. The Abolitionist says he will abolish slaverywherever he can. The Republican says, you mayhave slavery just where it is; you may have whatyou have got, but shall not have any more! Weare much obliged to them for permission to keepwhat we have already got! We shall keep it withoutasking their permission. Although the Abolitionparty, they nominated a man the other day for Governorof Massachusetts, who has said that it is honestand right for a murderer and a robber to burnmy house over the heads of any wile and children.'I do not believe that you are going to elect that manGovernor. Whenever you do it, I shall lose my respectfor Massachusetts. When I reflect on whatMassachusetts has done for the Union, I cannot helprespecting her. And in this crisis every man looks,to Massachusetts with more interest and anxietythan to any other State in the Union; and we haveevery reason to expect, if not the triumph of Belland Everett, at least a large reduction of the BlackRepublican forces.(Great applause.) Mr. Norvell said a word about Mr. Lincoln.Here, said he, (holding up a folio of the minutestsize,) is the life and times of that distinguished man.(Laughter.)It tells all that he has ever done, omitting,however, one circumstance, which I knowsomething about. His splitting rails for an honestliving was nil right; it proves that he was an honestman, and had rather work than steal.(Laughter.)But when he went down on the Mississippiriver, he bought a little retail grocery, and soldwhiskey for five cents a drink. His little flat-boatwas the headquarters for all the rowdies, and gamblers,and border-ruffians in Illinois. It was therethat Stephen A. Douglas made his acquaintance.(Laughter.) I ask the Republicans of Massachusettsif they can vote for Mr. Lincoln, upon theground of his being a Christian? If he triumphs,it will be by the votes of the rabble of the West;and it is for you to say whether you will aid themin that work. Mr. Norvell concluded by citing anextract from a speech of Henry Clay to his constituentsin 1842, exhorting them to prove true to theimpulses of a patriotic nature in upholding the,Union. Cheers followed the conclusion of Mr. Norvell'sremarks. 
