 The following graphic and amusing sketch is takenfrom the new and attractive work, published by Phillips,Sampson &Co., Boston, entitled, 'WOLFSDEN—anauthentic account of things there and thereunto pertaining,as they are and have been':— OLFSDEN Mr. Samuel Boynton was a merchant of the old-fashionedsort, high-minded, methodical, somewhatformal and self-opinionated, and having faith inthe old institutions and doctrines in which he wasmoulded. He believed in Fast-day sermons andFourth-of-July orations, in the piety of his churchand the patriotism of his party. He was noblyeducated for times long since gone by, and he stillnourished and brooded old notions, as the carefulhen broods her eggs, after they are long addled.But his practices, prompted by the instincts of aBenevolent heart, were often at variance with thepolicy and feeling of the society and party to whichhe was allied, and in whose support he was compelledto suppress many misgivings. He was life-memberof the A.B.C.F.M., and yet contributedto the Union Missionary Society, which condemnsthe A.B.C.F.M. At his table sound doctors ofdivinity sometimes met radical reformers, andwould find the Boston Liberator side by side withthe New York Observer. His toleration satisfiedneither party. Conservatives saw that his influenceencouraged disorganizing principles, andradicals complained that conservatives were ableto claim so liberal a man as one of their party.Yet neither ventured to remonstrate; for Mr.B.was not a man bear dictation. Liberator Observer. Alek chanced to arrive in New York during the'anniversary week,' celebrated by religious andother associations; and accepting Mr. Boynton'scordial invitation, found himself at the dinner-hour,seated at more sumptuous table, with afiner and better-dressed company, than he had beforeseen: for those who attend the anniversariesare generally the most respectable of their respectivesocieties, and of those some of the most distinguishedwere always allotted to Mr. Boynton'shospitality; such matters being mostly arrangedby private understanding of the leaders, thoughthe entertainer is also entitled to invite whom hechooses. This privilege Mr. Boynton had exercisedby inviting not only Alek, but also another person,more prominent, though much less congenial to thegeneral taste and feelings of the guests. This wasno other than the noted Mr. Paradox, the incendiaryleader and agitating apostle of one of the mostradical, subversive, and formidable associations ofthe time. No other person bad so early in life engaged solarge a share of public attending, or been the objectof so earnest and opposite feelings. Scarcelya paper in the United States was issued withoutan article or paragraph relating to him of whicha large proportion expressed the severest condemnationand abhorrence: the soundest and mostpatriotic of the political and religious papers beingmost frequent and earnest in their anathemas,which, indeed, was the surest proof of their soundnessand patriotism. Mr. Paradox well deserved all the abuse he received;for the had done more to overthrow and destroythe deference and veneration attached to thetime-hallowed institutions which divines and patriotssupport, and by which they profit, than anyman or demon since the days of Dr. Faustus; having,besides his individual influence, opened sluicesof public thought and feeling, through which anincreasing current of opinion still rushes, endangeringthe sacred foundations of church and state. By the side of Mr. Paradox sat no less a personagethan the Rev. Dr. Paragon, so celebrated forhis learning, his piety, and his position, being theacknowledged head of the only true and infalliblereligious sect in the land, all the other ninety-ninebeing clearly gone astray, and corrupted with themost palpable and damning errors. Thus, by chance or contrivance, were thesechampions of their respective fields placed in proximity,and compelled to the interchange of courteoussalutations. Dr. Paragon being much the oldestman, and also an official dignitary, the optionof debate properly belonged to him; and thereforeMr. Paradox, who is always the most civil whenhe meditates most mischief, abstained from provocation,and joined blandly in general remarks. But, under the circumstances, collision was unavoidable;for the reverend doctor was surroundedby friends, who expected the onset, which his positionwould not allow him to decline, and, therefore,gathering up his learning, dignity, and eloquence,he proceeded to an overpowering onslaught uponhis adversary. He began by showing the disorganizing characterof all radical movements, which, originating outsideof the church, are unauthorized by Scripture,and necessarily hostile to divine authority. Heinstanced the dangerous character of abolitionism,which he pronounced false in its principles andfatal in its tendencies. He proved from Moses andSt. Paul the scriptural sanction of slavery, as aninstitution appointed by God and approved by hisapostles: and testified to the general piety of theslaveholders, which he favorably contrasted withthe want of reverence for the Scripture, the Sabbath,and the church, shown by leading abolitionists,some of whose attacks he specified and repelled;and also showed that his own sect were faithfulto their duty in preaching the Gospel, in whoselight slavery, and all other evils, would finally beovercome. He also claimed for himself and brethren.North and South, that they were the only trueabolitionists, in as much as they sincerely mournedand prayed over the evil, and patiently waitedGod's time for its removal: which might, perhaps,have already been accomplished, but for the mischievousagitation of professed abolitionists. The dignified company were pleased with theability and approved the severity of their champion'sdiscourse; and even Mr. Paradox, by the respectfulattention he gave, showed that he appreciatedthe honor of being demolished by so distinguisheda divine. Yet, true to his name andnature, he must needs reply, and that, too, in amanner both perplexing and provoking. He said that he would not dispute with so learneda critic upon interpretations of Scripture, butthought that, if its mission in the world was to establishslavery, mankind might have managed toget along without its light, since many heathennations, unaided by revelation, had adopted theinstitution. He apprehended that, with such interpretations,the Bible, would loss its authority,ready to be disregarded by yourself and brothren,since you "mourn and pray for the removal" of an"institution which it sanctions, as appointed byGod himself, and approved by his apostles."' Upon the doctor's claim for himself and friends tobe the only true abolitionists, he expressed pleasurein hearing of the progress of truth in such quarters;and, as to the imputation of having put backGod's time for doing the work, he replied by amodest doubt of his ability to control the purposesof Omnipotence, even if he had the wish to do so. Notwithstanding the conciliatory manner of thereply, the reverend doctor was not mollified, andanswered, quickly, 'Sir, you misrepresent myviews. I was discussing the `abstract question concerningthe fundamental principles of the relation,whether it be necessarily such a molum in se as maynot exist slava fide slava ecclesia.' abstract molum in se as maynot exist slava fide slava ecclesia. 'Sir,' replied Mr. Paradox, 'as to misrepresentingyour views. I cannot do that knowingly, forthey are to me incomprehensible; but, as it seemsthey relate only to abstractions, they do not concernme, for my business is with realities.' Such was the irreverence with which Mr. Paradoxsometimes replied to the most revered dignitaries.Alek, who had been but a few hours inNew York, and whose rustic reason was as yet unusedto the refined light in which matters are judgedin the city, supposed the reverend doctor vanquishedin the debate; but the evident disapprobationwith which the remarks of Mr. Paradox were receivedby the clerical company, and the deferenceand admiration with which the doctor was listenedto, showed that an, opposite opinion prevailed.The matter was soon act right before the public bythe following paragraph in a popular daily paper: 'The Rev. Doctor Paragon, while dining with a companyof distinguished divines, was bitterly asrailed anddenounced by the notorious Mr. Paradox, who had, bysome means, obtained admission. The venerable divine,in the most gentlemanly and Christian manner, rebukedthe incendiary fanatic, and, with the ready eloquencewhich marks his private conversation, no less than hispublic performances, vindicated Christianity and thechurch from his imputations, and exposed the recklessfolly and impiety of the fanatic crew who are endeavoringto excite the public mind, and disturb the peace ofsociety. If these proceedings are persisted in, it maybecome a duty to arrest them by summary process. Letthe outranged public see that order and decency are preservedin their meeting at the Tabernacle this evening.' Alek, to whom such views of life were new, resolvedto attend the meeting at the Tabernacle,where, notwithstanding the suggested summaryprocess, a very large audience assembled. As theaddress proceeded, it soon became evident, bythe increasing uproar, which commencing withhisses and stamping, soon grew to shouts and yells,that may had come, according to the suggestionof the papers, to preserve order and decency. But,notwithstanding their efforts, the most violent disordersoon manifested itself, until, at length, agallant and distinguished captain (whose patriotismhas since been politically rewarded) sprangupon the platform occupied by the speakers, and,brandishing a formidable weapon, solemnly swore,by the powers celestial and infernal, that thespeeches should be stopped: and, being backed bya hand of choice spirits, soon caused the dispersionof the assembly. Among the speakers was a lady, who, in themildest manner and most impressive language, insistedthat manly honor, equally with Christianduty, required of men to protect the humble andproscribed: and that to uphold the oppression ofthe poor—for thus she designated slavery—wasunmanly as well as unchristian, and, when doneby those who themselves belonged to the industriousclass, and were therefore bound by policy topreserve the rights and dignity of labor, was inexpressiblymean, and was sure to incur the contemptof honorable men, even among slaveholders themselves,as well as to provoke the vengeance of God.These and the like obnoxious sentiments werepromptly hissed, and stamped with the disapprobationof the orderly and decent portion of the audience. Alek, who occupied a remote part of the gallery,was not an indifferent spectator; and we are compelledto confess that his rustic sympathies werenot on the side of preservers of order and decency,but rather with the fanatics on the platform;so that, when several brave fellows abouthim proposed to second the laudable exploits of thevaliant captain, by mobbing the ladies as theyemerged from the door, he grasped his cudgel tightly,with an impulse to remonstrate. He, however,said nothing, but kept with those about him, whosupposed him to be of the same mind; and they,observing his stalwart and vigorous frame, proposedputting him forward as leader,—which honorhe declined, as being a stranger. This positionwas voluntarily assumed by an able-bodied patriot,named Bludgeon. Although Alek declined leadership, he kept infront of the enterprising squad; and, as they nearedthe female group, and Mr.B., supported bythose behind him, rushed forward to execute the'summary process' by seizing the female orator,Alek, with a powerful and dextrous blow upon thehead, doubled him up, there no being room to fallprostrate, and then, thrusting the end of his cudgelfuriously into the faces of his supporters, to theirreparable damage of eyes, noses, and teeth, sodiscouraged them that they desisted from theirpurpose, and the fanatics passed unharmed, whileAlek mingled with the crowd, and left the ground.Full details of this affair may be found in the secularand religious papers of the time, under thehead of 'Abolition Riots,' recorded with that admirableregard for candor and truth which has alwayscharacterized their representations of suchaffairs. Abolition Riots 
