 GERRIT SMITH has addressed a long and plainly writtenletter to Gov. CHASE, of Ohio, lamenting that theGovernor does not read and construe the U.S. Constitutionas he does—to the denial of all pro-slavery compromises,&c. We take the following extract from it,upon another topic:— ERRIT MITH HASE To my own mind it is well-nigh certain, that if theRepublican party is to the be allowed to absorb theanti-slavery sentiment of the country, this sentimentwill be found, after the speedy death andburial of that party, to be weaker than it hasbeen at any time within the last twenty years—weaker even than after its similar experience ofthe perverting and corrupting influence of theFree Soil party. Then will there be less prospectthan ever of a bloodless termination of Americanslavery. True, there may follow some other eventto revive that enfeebled and perishing anti-slaverysentiment. But what event of such mighty influenceto that end as the Nebraska and KansasBill can there ever be again? Moreover, theoftener that sentiment has been aroused but to betrifled with, disappointed, abused, the more difficultit will be to break its slumbers and encourageit to action. Indeed, the public mind is fast becominghopeless on the subject of slavery, in consequenceof this blasting of its hopes by shallowand idle movements against slavery. I see that there is to be a National Conventionof the Republican party at Pittsburg, 22d of nextmonth. Would to God that you and other strongmen, who belong to it, might, on that occasion,see the folly of keeping that party on its presentlow ground, and the necessity of exalting itinto an abolition party. It is now but ananti-slavery party. Make it an abolition party,and it will be as full of power as it is nowfull of weakness. It has now but a half-way andnegative character; and it will die, because, likeall such miserable things, it deserves to die. But,give it a positive and efficient character, and itwill live and triumph. Fear not that the masseswould refuse to follow you in such an upward andglorious movement. I was in, Pittsburg on asimilar occasion three years and a half ago, and Isaw with my own eyes, and heard with my ownears, abundant evidence that the masses desired totake this same high ground to which I then invitedthem. It was as much as their more cautiousand calculating leaders could possibly do to keepthem from rushing to that ground. Depend uponit, the anti-slavery messes are far in advance oftheir leaders. They are tired of the low policyand low views, which can make no appeal to theearnestness and enthusiasm of their souls. Theyare weary of standing, month after months, andyear after year, upon a fruitless and ingloriousdefensive. Their impatience to conquer waitsbut he summons to conquer. They have thecourage and power to go forward and put an endto slavery; but of the policy, which never advancesagainst slavery, and which. When not retreatingbefore it, is at the most, but standingstill, they are heartily tired, wholly ashamed. My desire to see your party rise into an abolitionparty, and put away slavery from the whole land, isnot exclusively for the make of the slave, and thescarcely less abused free colored man. It is in nosmall degree for the sake of the slaveholders also.Our pity for the slaves cannot be excessive: andhardly excessive can be our pity for the slaveholders.There are few classes of men so unfortunate and sowronged as are the slaveholders. In the firstplace, they have inherited the most wicked of allsystems of oppression. In the second place, Iknow not why it should be any easier for themthan for others to see the sinfulness of that towhich they were born and bred. In the third place,whence shall light come to scatter the darknessof their false education? Not from the South—forthe whole South is enveloped in that darkness.It should come from the North: but the religiousparties of the North quiet the slaveholder in hissin. Its titled divines, with the Bible is theirhands, add their pro-slavery interpretations of ion their life, easily succeed in transmuting slaveryinto a virtue, and in making it the ordinationof heaven, instead of the product of hall.This light should come from the North: but themerchants of the North go for slavery, becausethey go for Southern trade. It should come fromthe North: but the political parties of the North—your own no less than the others—exalt slavery intothe dignity of law, and accord to it al the obligations of law.  Such are the circumstances of the unfortuand wronged slaveholder, whom the North is confirmingin sin, instead of bringing to repentanceand is be not to be pitied rather than accordedand hated, and shunned? Are we to treat him aif he saw slavery with our eyes, and were conscious, as we are, of its superlative wickednessAre we to refuse even to discuses the question onslavery with him? Reason and religion forsuch treatment and such refusal. Mr. Garrisonthrough soldom wrong, errs, in my judgment, athis point. He would discusses this question withthe Northern politicians, and Northern  ofdivinity; and yet, eyes on the subject of slavery,their sin, compared with that of the slaveholder,is as the mountain to the molehill. I would hereadd, that we should encourages the strongest slaveryholders to come to the North with their argumentsfor slavery, if only that the people of the Northmay have the opportunity of witnessing the utterweakness and emptiness of even the strongest argumentsin that direction.    It is possible that I judge the slaveholder tooleniently. My father was a slaveholder until afterI reached manhood/ I married a slaveholder. Inno period of my life have I refused social and evenfriendly relations with slaveholders. Now, I admitit is possible that these and other facts in myhistory may serve to unfit me to judge impartiallyof Southern slaveholders. At any rate, so it is, that,with all my abhorrence of their stupendous crime—their pre-eunient priacy—I do not look upon themto be the worst of men. How can I so, so long as Ibelieve that no small share of them regard slaveryas right, and that the vast majority of them believeit to be, if not absolutely right, neverthelessexcusable and unavoidable? It is because he maybe blinded to the criminality of slavery by the lyingeducation of the South, and by the more wickedlylying politics and religion of the North, thatit is not only possible for him not to be totally corrupt,but possible also, as we have had frequentevidence, for beautiful and noble traits to shinein his character, and generous and sublime deedsto abound in his life. The anti-slavery men spend quite too much oftheir time in denouncing the South. The reformationof the South is indeed among their legitimateaims; but their first duty is to reform themselvesand their neighbors. Southern men are not worsethan Northern men. They are nothing like as bad,if we take into the account that they go with, andNorthern men against, the current of educationand conviction. It is in this point of view thatthe worst slaveholder is a very saint, comparedwith a dough-face. What is mainly necessary is a change at theNorth in religion and politics. Our religion mustbe so changed that it will no more countenanceslavery than murder: and our politics must cometo know no law for slavery. Then will Southernslavery pass away under the power of Northerninfluence, as naturally and as quietly as the mistsof the morning disappear before the rising sun.May both you and I, my good friend, be foundfaithful and prompt to perform our respectiveparts in bringing about these mighty and savingchanges. 
