 In the U.S. Sensate, Feb. 26th, Hon. JOHN, P.HALEdelivered and earnest and eloquent speech on 'TheWrongs of Kansas,' some portions of which were veryeffective, but the following extract from it is in such asupplicatory tone and on-handed-knee position towardthe haughty 'words of the lash' at the South, that weare almost ashamed to lay it before our readers:— OHN ALE Now, sir, what do we want? What do we ask?We ask that the country shall come back to thepoint from which it started. We enter upon nocrusade against any Southern rights. We ask forno new test, no new doctrine, no new experiments,no rash, doubtful, or untried measures. We arecontent with the wisdom of the past. We are satisfiedwith the inheritance and the legacy whichthe patriots of the Revolution have left us. Weare willing to take the Constitution as they understandit, and the law as they framed and administered it.Is it arrogance for us to ask that you come withus there? We ask you to go no further; wemerely ask you to come with us, and take counselof the departed patriotism of the fathers of theRevolution. We ask you to listen to their doingswhen the wounds of the Revolution were not yethaled over, when the blood and dust of the buttlewere hardly wiped from their brows, and whentheir looks were hoary with the frosts which hadfallen open them as they stood snetinels roundabout the camps of Liberty. That is what weask, and we are willing to abide by it; and whenwe ask that, and when we demand it, how arewe met? We are told that we are aggressive;and we are three , that if our aggressions donot case, if our  do not come to an end,and if the spirit of Northern ticism, which iscontinually making aggression, Goes not cease,this Union cannot be maintained. Sir, I feelobliged to believe the sincerity of gentlemen,when they get up and talk about Northern aggression,but it is one of the hardest things I ambound to believe. Bound as I am to believe iton their word, I have never had the face to gohome and tell my constituents so; because theywould tell me that, however I might believer it,they know better. Sir, they have made as muchprogress as Mr. Everett had made on the NebraskaBill; they not only know it themselves, butthey know that every body else knows it; thatthere is not only no truth in it, but that the exactreverse is the truth of history, the truth of thepast, the truth of the present; and may God grantthat it shall not be the truth of the future! We enter upon nocrusade against any Southern rights. We ask forno new test, no new doctrine, no new experiments the wisdom of the past. Weare willing to take the Constitution as they understandit, and the law as they framed and administered it. further; we are willing to abide by it    Sir, we ask to stand nothing more than yourequals. It has been the fashion of late years toquote Mr. Webster. Mr. Webster never made atruer remark in all his life, than when he saidthere was no North. No, sir; in the history ofthis Government, there has been no North, exceptto collect revenues from. You have found out thatthere was a North for that purpose: but in dictatingthe policy of this Government, in controllingits politics, in appointing its officers, inframing its laws, the dead sage of Marshfieldspoke the truth when he said there was no North.Well, sir, we should be content for a little while,to take if for granted, as a fact of political geography,that there was no North, if you would nottaunt us with it, and tell us that we are aggressive.Aggressive in what? We have opinionsthat we cannot help. We have convictions—wecannot renounce them at your bidding. We believethat, for us, slavery is wrong, unprofitable.You have a different opinion for yourselves. Enjoyit; we have no quarrel on that account. Youbelieve that it is just; enjoy it. You benefits.You believe it is profitable: reap all its benefitsthat you are conferring a great benefit on theslaves; go on in your work of humanity—we willnever interfere. All we have to say, all we ask, allwe claim, is, that you will leave us the poor privilegeof believing, in our cold Northern homes, that itis not right for us. We ask you that, while weare members of this Conferacy with you, boundtogether by the ties of a common Constitution forcertain great purposes, we shall not be madeamenable to the responsibility of sustaining, extendingand perpetuating an institution which inour heart of hearts we believe to be wrong. Now,sir, is there any occasion for quarrel? Our fathersdid not quarrel. They entertained these opinions,but they did not quarrel. As Mr. Webster wellsaid, 'Side by side and shoulder to shoulderthey went through the Revolution;' and side byside and shoulder to shoulder are their descendantsready to stand again. But, sir, I ask you, as amatter of justice, I put it to every Southern manwho hears me, to try it in the tribunal of his ownheart, if it is right. If it is fair, if it is just, tohave the charge of Northern aggression continuallyrung in our ears? nothing more than yourequals. for us we have no quarrel on that account. go on in your work of humanity—we willnever interfere. all we ask leave us the poor privilegeof believing, in our cold Northern homes, that itis not right for us. I have now a word or two to say to the honorableSenator from Tennessee, [Mr. JONES] and Ishall speak to him more kindly than he did tome, but perhaps not so eloquently. The Senatorfrom Tennessee represents his State ably, brilliantly—Isay it in no Pickwickian sense. Hecame here with a very high reputation. I am amuch humbler man, of more moderate powers, andvastly less pretensions, representing the smallState of New Hampshire. Now, I will put it tothe honorable Senator from Tennessee, as betweenour two States, what harm on earth have we everdone him? Have we ever injured the hair of aman's head in Tennessee! Have we of the Stateof New Hampshire ever withholden our appreciationof a public man because he lived in theState of Tennessee? No, sir; twice in solid columnhave the unalterable Democracy, of whom Ispoke to you, gone up in unbroken phalanx to thepolls, and recorded their votes for two citizens ofTennessee for the highest office in the gift of theRepublic. I confess that, with my reading ofhistory, I am at a loss to discover in the history ofeither or both those States a single iota of evidencethat could convict New Hampshire, or one man init, of injuring, by word or deed, or even thought,the State of Tennessee, or a single citizen of thatState. ONES The best way to examine all questions is totake them in detail—one from the mass, and examineit. So far as my humble State is concerned,might I not go through with every State ofthe Union, and put the same question, and wouldnot every man be at a loss to gainsay it? Certainlyhe would. Then, I would say, in the languageof Brutus—though I am not going into Romanoratory—' If we have offended any man, lethim speak.' If there is any man who has sufferedwrong or injustice at our hands, where is he?I do not know it. Why no look at this matter inthe light of the truth of history! Why no layaside these angry appeals? Why not lay asideevery thing, except the solid, substantial truth ofhistory, and look it right in the face? When wedo that, I am not at all afraid, when we are triedbefore any tribunal in earth or heaven, but thatthe skirts of our garments will be found clean ofany offence against any of our sister States. Mr. President, I read some remarks which weremade by the honorable Senator from South Carolina,[Mr. BUTLER,] when the Kansas bill was underconsideration in the Senate two years ago. Iam not able to give his exact words, because Icannot speak so eloquently as that Senator; but Iremember that he said, speaking in regard to theSouth, that the South wanted her heart relieved,more than any practical burdens taken off. I maynot have given his very language, but that, Ithink, is the idea; I remember it, for I read it lastnight in the Globe. Sir, I confess that when I readthat remakes, it thrilled my very heart. An appealof that sort made to the North will never be made invain; but such has not been the spirit in whichgentlemen entertaining the opinions that I do havebeen accustomed to be addressed by gentlemen ofthe South. Let me tell you, sir—and I think Ican speak in behalf of my own State—that whenan appeal is made to them from the South, or theWest, or any where else, in that spirit, they wouldcoin their very hearts to buy peace—they would pourout their very heart's blood like water, to washout the least and the last offence. UTLER Globe. they wouldcoin their very hearts to buy peace But, sir, I appeal to the truth of history—I appealto the convictions of every man who hearsme, if we have ever been addressed in any spiritlike that? No, sir; far, very far indeed from it,I shall not endeavor, however, to awake thoseangry passions which I am deprecating, by a repetitionof the course which has been heretofore towards us. I am willing—and I desire—that so far as past occasions of offence are concerned,they should be past. I am willing thatthe dead past should bury its dead; I desire tolive in the present in the language of the post—  'Heart within, and God o' or head';manful of all the obligations which the Constitution,or which our duty, or, the demands of justice.make upon us. Thus much we are willing to giveWe will go far, very far, for peace: but let mesay, I am not used to the language of menace; Iam not used to the utterance of threats: but I tallyou that on the subject of human slavery, we haveconvictions which we cannot sacrifice—we haveopinions which it were treason to our moral natureof refrain from expressing on all suitable occasions.Up to that mark we must stand. Wemust say, as those of old have said, when wereach a point where duty, conscience, convictionmust be surrendered, we cannot go. We cannotconsent to surrender our opinions, convistions, orsentiments. What then? Must this Union bedissolved? Sir, I do not believe it. I do not believe—gentlemenwill pardon me if I say it, for itis an opinion—I do not believe that the popularopinion of the great masses of the people of thiscountry is represented, when gentlemen talk quiteso flippantly as I have heard some talk about a dissolutionof this Union. I believe to-day, that oursis the strongest government on the face of theearth. I believe that is foundations are the firmest,the most enduring. What are they! Thepopular judgment, the popular heart. There itis, sir: there is the solemn, the broad, and theeverlasting basis upon which the institutions ofthis country rest. My own opinion is, that suchwill be found to be the case, whenever and whereverinfatuation shall be led to try the experiment.I believe that if, listening to evil counsels, pushedon by the purposes of ambition or any other, aparty, large or small, shall be so far forsaken ofGod and of good counsels as to venture on thatrash experiment, the conservation, the patriotism,the intelligence and the humanity of this greatpeople will teach such men a lesson which they,nor their children, nor their children's children, tothe latest posterity, will forget. manful of all the obligations which the Constitution 
