 The more we reflect upon the unprincipled rapacityto the North, in attempting to seize upon thewhole public Territory and to exclude slaveholdersthere from the more we are astounded at the iniquityand suicidal folly of their conduct. So far fromthe presence of Slavery being and obstacle to theimmigration of Northerners to any State, it is anotorious fact, that a Northern man setting out inquest of a fortune almost universally either emigratesin the South, or goes into some business inwhich the raw material is made by slave labor, andmanufactured articles sold to slave owners. Everyneighborhood and store, south of Mason and Dixonline contains Fortune-hunting Northerners,and is filled with Yankee notions. Teachers.Professor, Merchants, Lawyers. Showmen andMountebank, come South in shoals every seasonto share in the profits of Slavery. The muchabused slaveholding South is the favorite resort ofa hard pushed Yankee, thrown on his wits for aliving. On his wits we any, for he is as averse tolabor as any other. Southerners often work in the filed, and engagein all kinds of independent manual labor.But the Yankee, much as he lauds labor, is the lastman in the world to undertake it, if he can possiblyavoid it. Yankee At home he managers for a trifle to command thelabor of newly arrived emigrants. They build hisroads, sweep his streets, till his fields and waitupon his table. At the South, by dint of his witsbe marks work, and manages to go halves with themaster in the results of negro slave labor. TheNorth's hatred to foreigners, slaveholders and slaveStates, is very unreasonable; since they are thesubjects out of which Northerners extract a living,without resorting to hard work. Few Southernersmigrate to an old free State. Free society fullyestablished is the practical exclusion of all persons,as citizens, from slave society. The looseeconomy, improvidence and unsuspicious naturesof men bred at the South, unfit them for the closefistedselfishness and keen encounter of wits practicalin free States. Yet the North would appropriateto itself all the unsettled domain of the Republic.Who will feed and clothe these multitudinousfree States? The Yankee went work in thefield will neither raise grain nor cotton. TheSouthern negroes and emigrants to the North Westhow feed and clothe him. But, unless he permitsslavery greatly to expand, and immigration to increase,be used change his habits or starve. That he willstarve sooner than work is certain, for free societyis now everywhere starving, and has been doing somore or less from its origin. Working in the fieldin the hardest and work paid of all work, and freepeople who can choose their vocation show it, sothat but for Russia and our Southern States, WesternEurope and our North East must speedilyperish. But, unless he permitsslavery greatly to expand, and immigration to increase,be used change his habits or starve. Russia The rich Prairies of the North West, scratchedover once a year, Chiefly by immigrants, do enablethe North to make a little show of forming; butabsently cultivation is fast exhausting them, and ina few generations the immigrant learns from theYankee to shun work and live by his wits. Withouta rapid extension of Slavery, and a great increaseof immigration, a comparison of the censusfor fifty years of America and Europe shows thatthe North must stave to death and go naked.Slave labor throughout all ages has been the onlyavertable farming labor, and human nature is nowyet what it has ever been. The North is vitallyincreased in the extension of Slavery, and cannotfurther life suggest a plausible argument againstsuch extension. As a matter of policy and humanity as well asof Christian duty, all patriots, good men and Christians.North and South, should protest against expendingan inch a form of society that is only pro-lifeof crime, hunger, nakedness, infidelity, revolutionand civil war. It has become so much a habitof mind everywhere to look on universal liberty asa Good, and Slavery as an Evil, that even Southernersawakened, to-day, to the folly and falsity ofsuch opinions, unconsciously replace into them tomorrow.Over and over again we have drawn thepicture of free society. Again and again have weappealed to history, to statistic, and to the admissionseven of abolitionists to sustain our assertions.Often have we defied contradiction. folly falsity Repeatedly have we asked the North, 'Has notthe experiment of universal liberty faled? Arebut the evils of free society insufferable? And donot must thinking men among you propose to subvertand reconstruct it?' Still no answer. Thismy silence is another conclusive proof, addedbe many other conclusive evidences we bad furnishedthat free society in the long run is an impracticableform of society; it is everywhere starving,demoralized, infidel, insurrectionary, moribund! Livingin its midst, Mr. Carlyle utters the thought ofall. 'We must have a new world, if we are to haveany world at all.' faled? long run demoralized, infidel, insurrectionary, moribund! Even we of the South were taught to revere thisform of society which stands now a confessed failare.It is hard, very hard, to divest ourselves ofearly opinions. Hence the necessity on our partas faithful sentinels of the South to thunder thesetruths again and again in the ears of our people.The habits of their minds, the ruts in which theirthoughts have been went to runrrender it very difficultto give constant and practical acceptance tothe standing facts, which history, statistics, andsociology are daily developing. We repeat then,that policy humanity and Christianity alike foredthe extension of the evils of free society to newpeople and coming generations.—Richmond Esq. very hard, foredthe extension Richmond Esq. 
