 We are sick of this hypocritical cry. It is invariablydirected by bigotry or self-interest. Thosewho keep it up are, however unconsciously, theworst enemies of the slave, for they do all that inthem lies to paralyses the efforts of his best friends.The anti-slavery zeal of those who give car to it issure to melt away like snow before the sun. Somewould prefer that slavery and all its pollutionsshould go unchecked, rather than witness any effectualeffort against them by those who do not pronouncetheir shibboleth. Indeed, no passion ismore cruel, blind, and merciless than that whichinduces men (and women) to hate their fellow-creaturesfor the love of God. Nothing can surpassthe insolence of intolerance. Take any twoof the soundest believers in the same creed, whohave ever exercised any independent thought, catechisethem carefully apart, and such difference ofopinion between them would come to light, inevitablyresulting from variety of circumstances education,and temperament, as would astonish themselves.Every one is an infidel to millions of othersas thoughtful, well-educated, and excellent as himself;every Christian to every Mahometan, bothto every Buddhist, and the whole 700,000,000 toevery Jew; every Protestant to every Catholic,and both to every Mormon. The Protestant sectsare full of infidels to one another. It is a smallmatter to these narrow bigots or base self-seekerswho cant about the faith or want of faith of abolitionists,that these are indefatigable in their effortsagainst slavery; that their integrity, ability, andendurance are unsurpassed. Northing can silencesuch people but a prompt and unreserved resignationof that very mental independence which hasmade the abolitionists what they are—the dauntless,self-sacrificing pioneers in an unpopular anddifficult reform. Our own experience entitles us tosay, that those adherents of the anti-slavery causewho chiefly busy themselves with inquires into theorthodoxy of their fellow-laborers, are sure to obstructrather than promote the efforts of others—that their adhesion and assistance are rather to beavoided than invited. Wheresoever they come,dissension and apathy are sure to follow. On theother hand, amongst those who claim and exercisethat independence of thought which they are willingto concede to others, will be found those quailingof integrity, endurance, and self-denial whichcommand confidence, awaken real, reward co-operation,and make their intimacy an honor and a benefitto their follow-laborers. These remarks havebeen called forth by some especially zealous effortswhich are now being made in these countries, toestrange the adherents of the American Anti-SlaverySociety from the truest friends of the slave, ongrounds which have no connection with anti-slaverycause. We know that these efforts, whichare pursued with remarkable duplicity and malignity,are not disinterested, and are unworthy ofattention or respect.—London A.S. Advocates. London A.S. Advocates. 
