 'SLAVERY—THE PRINCIPLES ON WHICH ITRESTS, AND THE FALLACIES BY WHICH IT ISDEFENDED.' The closing lecture in the independent courseon the subject of Slavery was delivered in the TremontTemple on Thurday evening, March 6th, byE.P.WHIPPLE, Esq., of Boston. The hall wasfull, notwithstanding the fall of snow in the earlypart of the evening. A large portion of the audienceconsisted of ladies. After some introductoryremarks by Dr. Howe, respecting the course of lecturesand its pecuniary results,—Mr. Whipple proceededwith his lecture. The subject of slavery,he said, was forced upon the public mind. TheSlave Power, discontented with toleration in its ownlimits, now insolently demanded our connivanceand championship for its limitless extension;and having shocked the heart by the spectacle ofits tyranny, it had now roused an insurrection ofthe human understanding against the impudenceof its project. In looking to the principles onwhich it is based, it should never be forgotten thatslavery rests fundamentally upon the audacious,inhuman and self-evident lie, that property can beheld in man. HIPPLE Such an institution must have sprung from theunblest union of willfulness and avarice—wilfulnesswhich tramples on reason, and avarice whichknows no conscience. The marks of this parentageare visible in every stage of its growth, in the argumentfor its existence, and in the motive for itsextension. It is not surprising that some of theadvocates of slavery do not relish such an analysisof its origin, which connects the institutionwith those dispositions which ally man with thetiger and the wolf. They therefore repudiate it,and attempt to bear down all opposition with thesacrilegious argument that slavery is a part ofGod's providence, claiming divine sanction fortheir darling sin, as Napoleon always felt perauadedthat God was with the heaviest battalions. It is true that a man's right to himself, given byGod, can only by God be taken away: but theslaveholder exclaims—'It has been taken away byGod, and I am but the humble agent of carryingout a higher law than that of the State—a higherwill than even my own.' In this doctrine slaveholdershave been sided by Southern clergymen,who preach Christ and him crucified by such argumentsthat we may fear he has been crucified bythem. If they must give up liberty, why shouldthey also throw in Christiantiy? Slavery, thoughopposed to God's laws, is included in God's providence,but divine providence, in the long run,most terribly affirmed the laws. The stream ofevents flows on to retribution. The right of a thing to exist must be sought isan inspection of the principles by which it exists;for no insight of the principles and the moral lawsthat govern human events could ever cause tyrantsto exult, or philanthropists to despond. Whatwe cal providences are the acts of human wills divinelycontrolled; and when free wills organizefalsehood, institute injustice, and establish oppression,they have passed to that state where willbecomes willfulness, and self-direction is exaggeratedin to self-worship. Willfulness puts force inthe place of reason and right; it is personality inits satanic form. It is a mistake to discern providencein the fact of guilt, instead of the certaintyof retribution. Selfishness, in its ruthless greedof power and rapacious greed of gain, mimes divinityon the stilts of diabolism, and, by means ofslavery, wantons in all the luxury of injustice, andtastes the exquisite pleasure of depriving others ofthat it most values for itself. Whether we looked at it in the light of history orexperience, we came to one result that slavery had itssources and  in Satanic agency, in Satanicpride, and in Satanic greed. That was slavery in itself,as divorced from all ameliorations it might receivefrom individual slaveholders. All ameliorationswas a confession of the injustice of the thingtolerated; and the humans and Christian slaveholdersowed the security of what they called theirproperty to the vices of the hard and stern spiritswhen they professed to ; but if they investedis the stock of the Devil's Corporation, theyshould not be to severe on these who took carethey penctually received their dividends.   The true slaveholder dis all cost, anddearly perceives that the system, in its practicalworkings, must  to the principles uponwhich it is based. He accordingly believe in the. Brutality and  are the means bywhich the weaker  are best kept 'subordihate'to the stronger, and the brutality of the cordialslaveholder extends its influence to his milderneighbor's plantation. This brutality and crueltybelong not alone to the wielder of the lash, butto him who holds up haven to the abject alave,and eternal torment in the next world to those whodare to absert their manhood in this world. Thelegislation of slavery shows the dominion of itsmalignant principles. You hear the crack of thewhip in all its laws, yet they are admirably adoptedto the end in view, and bear the marks of practicalmen, who know their wants, and, knowing,dare maintain them. They are ghastly caricaturesof justice, pervaded with the rank flavor of the soilwhence they sprung.       Did we need any further evidence that all slaveholdersconstituted a general Slave Power—thatthis power acted as a unit, the unity of a vast interestimpelled by powerful passions—we shouldfind that evidence in the zeal and audacity withwhich that power was now engaged in extendingits diminion. Seemingly aggressive, it was actuallyacting on the defensive,—not defensive, however,against the assaults of man, but against theimunutable and self-executing decrees of God.Oppression and wrong, when they glut the avariceof the present, mortgage heavily the future, andan avenging providence, which he cannot find inthe New Testament, or conscience, is revealed tohim in political economy. The most indifferent tothe gospel according to St. Matthew and St. John,are compelled to yield obedience to the gospel accordingto Adam Smith and Malthus; and howeverthey may despise the abstract principles which declareslavery to be a nonsensical proceeding, theycannot fail to read these principles when they writethemselves with curses on the land. To limit slavery was to doom it to come to an endby the laws of population—was to couple theplanter in the end to free his slaves, from inabilityto support them. It was by this principle of territoriallimitation that Henry Clay, before the annexationof Texan, declared that slavery must expire.When slave labor ceased to the profitable,slave-breeding took its place. Slavery extensionand salve-breeding were necessities of the system;in the words of an old divine, they were like Romulusand Remus, both suckled from one wolf. Tobe lucrative, slavery must have a small population.widely diffused, and limitation kills it by the lawsof population; and, therefore, its promoters soughtto enlarge its area and open new slave markets.The expensive tendencies of freedom were to bechecked by the no less expansive tendencies of slavery.The annexation of Texas was meant to keepup a demand for slaves, to prevent Virginia, NorthCarolina and Kentucky from becoming free States.As soon as their soils were worn out, new soilswere to be opened to receive the curse, and whenslave labor had ceased to be profitable, it was tobe succeeded by slave breeding. When this propositionwas first announced, it was referred totransient heat, instead of cool deliberation; butit is needless to seek for extraneous causes of actionwhich are but legitimate steps in the developmentof principle already known. To the North, slavery is directly a practical question.Opposition to it is no longer fanaticism,which assails an institution because its principlesare absurd or wicked, but common sense, whichassails when the development of its principle areimmediately and pressingly dangerous. By nosophistry can we evade the responsibility of beingthe extenders of slavery, if it be extended. Commonsense must tell us that slavery has now becomeimmediately dangerous to our interests andour honor, and we are bound to oppose it fromcommon decency, if not from a sense of right. It may be said we have nothing to do with slaveryat the South; but it rests with us to rescuethe national character from infamy, and, unhappyily,we cannot do that without having something todo with slavery. Shall we suffer the whole forceof the National Government to go to perpetuatethis enormity? Shall we be guilty of that foulestatheism to free principles, the deliberate plantingof slave institutions on virgin soil? The Southconfidently expects so to wheedle and bully us, anddrag our common sense in the mire of momentaryexpedients, as to enable them to accomplish theirexecrable work. If this question were put to anydespot of Europe, he had almost said of Asia, hisanswer would undoubtedly be an indignant negative;yet the South expected to wheedle and bullyus, to so drag our common sense through the mudand mire of momentary expedience, that we shouldconnive in the performance of this execrable crime.If the question could be put fairly to the freeNorthern States, their voice would be for freedom;conservatives, even, would be for that, for theywere bound to oppose the Marats and Robespierreof despotism who were busy in the bad work. In the old world the conservatives of one generationare the radicals of the next; but with us thisis revered, and the radical of 1790 is now theconservation of 1820, and the radical of 1820 isthe conservative of 1856. We have been descendingthe stairs of compromise until we have at lasttouched bottom, unless, indeed, the project of reopeningthe American slave trade may convert thepresent conservative of Virginia into a fanatic in1860. The reason of this reversal is that the tendencyof slavery it towards barbarism. There is no danger of slavery extension by thewill of the people, but there is danger that it maysomehow or other occur. A misconception of thequestion, devotion to party, or its memory, or prejudiceagainst prominent anti-slavery men, maymake the people slide into this crime. The morefervid a reformer may be, the more is he identifiedwith his cause, and the more liable to have hiswhims criticized instead of his principles, to whichthey are attached. By availing itself of the divisionsof its professed opponents, and drawing thepeople away from the iniquity it proposes to perpetrate,the Slave Power may achieve its designs.It does not ask us to be enthusiastic in this workof self-degradation, but simply to allow it to occur.In the meanwhile it tosses to us contemptuously afew fig-leaves of fallacies and sophistries to saveappearances. We are told that men are not free and equal,only as Providence has made them equal, but notwo men were ever exactly equal in this light. Itis said the black and white races cannot dwell togetheras freemen, but this both experience andreason prove to be false. Then with exquisite effronterywe are assured that this complete antithesisof the relations of master and slave is a completeand perfect harmony, and that the expedientof enslaving labor and capital. The contest betweenthese great interest will continue until a moreChristian spirit shall universally prevail, but slaveryis a replace to the first condition of the struggle,in the age of barbarism. Labor must in theend own capital, not capital labor, and no man willbe enslaved. We are told the slaves are neverthelessin a condition of physical comfort. If thiswere true, we might imagine the master addressinghis slave in the language of Byron to Duke Alphonso—'Thou, born to eat, and he despised, anddie, even as the brutes that perish;' though wedoubt if he could truly add—'Save that thou hasta more splendid trough, and a wider sty.' Thenwe are solemnly warned of our patriotic duty to'know no North and no South.' Is not this theimpudence of ingratitude, since for so long wehave known so North, and have, unhappily, beencompelled to know altogether too much South?We are conjured to comply with the demands ofthe Slave Power in order to save the Union. Howwould they have us save it? By violating its fundamentalprinciples, scouting the objects which itwas intended to serve! Is it saving a thing to convertit into something different from itself? Lastlycomes the question upon which the South reliesas a decisive argument: 'What should we do withour slaves, provided we emancipated them?' Thisis asked for the purpose of not being answered, forthe moment was commence a reply, they cry out'State Rights!' 'State Rights!" not These fig leaves are thrown out of divert attention(and very directing they are) from the mainissue. They are about as appropriate as a sermonbefore as asylum of the blind and legless, on themoral dangers of foreign travel. They are sufficient,however, for those who are seeking occasionsto be tempted, and reasons for roguery, andthey are powerfully backed up by patronage andfast offices. These false facts and bad reasonings were thekeys of fat offices, and a now test had been institutedby which no man could serve the United Statesunless he was the champion or sycophant of theSlave Power—proscription to the friends of Americanfreedom, and office for these who sequenced inhuman bondage: we must be with the latter, or twodid not belong to what was now ironically called ahealthy political organization. In some countries no Catholics were allowed tohold office, in others no Protestants, in others noJews; but it was not, he believed, in Protestantcountries that Protestants were proscribed—it wasnot in Catholic countries that Catholics were heldincompetent to serve the State. It remained fora free country to establish practically civil disabilitiesagainst men, for Republican America to proscribeRepublicans. (Applause.) Think of it,that no American, whatever his talents, his patriotism,could now serve his country in its executiveadministration, unless be agreed with the slaveholders,or was base enough to sham agreement! Now are were often warned of the danger of sectionalparties on a account of their tendency to breakup the government. Let us give heed to this warning,for here was a sectional party in possession ofthe government. We were often advised not toform political organizations on one idea. Let usgive head to this advice, for here was a triumphantpolitical combination based not only on one idea,but that the worst idea which ever animated anypolitical combination. Here was an association of350,600 persons, spread over 950,000 square milesof territory, wielding the whole political power,and engaged in making the United States into asort of slave plantation, of which they were theoverseers. We opposed it, and they read us long and edifyingdiscourses on law and order, order representedpractically by Border Ruffians; law which wasbut the legislation of criminal instincts—law andorder which, judged by the code established forKansans Yankees, seemed based on legislative ideasimported from the Fejee Islands. (Applause.)We opposed them again, and they preached aboutthe necessity of preserving the Union, as if in theFree states the love of the Union was not a passion,proof against many loses and insensible tomany humiliations—as if the North ever intendedto dissolve the Union, or ever intended to allow350,000 Southern gentlemen to do it. Our Constitution, originally a charter of freedom,was now an instrument the slaveholders seemedexclusively to possess, by means of squattersovereignty. Did we think we could retard theonward movement of their force by timely compromisesand concessions! Every compromises wemade only increased their demands, stimulatedtheir rapacity, heightened their arrogance—everyconcession we made to their insolent threats wasonly a step down to our deeper abasement, andwhich won not the gratitude of the South, but theircontempt. Every concession, too, weakened usand strengthened them for the inevitable struggleinto which the Free States must eventually betheir honor, and their self-respect. But if any concessions were to be made, why,in Heaven's name, let them be made to the North.Concessions historically were not made by freedomto privilege, but by privilege to freedom. Concessions,indeed, of liberty to slavery—of civilizationto barbarism! If we held in our grasp one of thedear-bought chartered rights of man, it was infamousto concede it. We should make it the darlingof our precious eye, for the lose it or give itaway were such perdition as nothing else couldmatch. But, concession or no concession, the FreeStates were bound by every consideration of conscienceand prudence to insist at least that the ancientmeaning of the Constitution should be restored;that the spirit in which the Union wasformed should be preserved; that the Salve Powershould be driven from its supremacy in the NationalCouncils, and that the limits of its domain beresolutely fixed. Arrest its development, and we struck at its being.If it did not grow, it must die. Shylocklike,its fate was 'you take my life when you takethe means whereby I live.' Shape it, and we forcedthe energy now employed in its extension to be exercisedin its extinction, and we served the highestmoral interests and truest material interests of theslaveholder himself, by interposing a barrier to thefierce tide of his passions. Wherever slavery wasconcentrated, there should the full force of theNorth strike at it. The Irishman's advice to hisfriend at the fair was, 'wherever you ace a head, hitit;' and wherever this hydra lifted its head, inthe domestic or foreign relations of the country, inCongress or Kansas, there in Heaven's name hit it.(Applause.) But the opposition should be hearty. An evilPrinciple in the character would heat a moral principlein the tongue. Let us not place too much relianceon an abstract love of liberty, but try tourge against this national sin the average nationalsense and intelligence of the mass of the people.Let us not convert the great cause into a minorsquabble among individuals, about minor differencesof opinion—let us not waste the energieswhich should be directed against an immediate danger,in irritating whole clause of the communitywho in sentiment and purpose were naturally onour side. All that was proper, excellent, and humane,in the South as well as at the North, waswith us in the work. Be brave be patient, beearnest, be wise, create no enemies, alienate nofriends—throw ourselves confidingly upon themanly instincts of the people, and the victory wasours. (Loud applause) 
