 The 'marshalling' of Henry Long yesterday, tothe Jersey City Ferry, was a melancholy spectacle.First, there came down Greenwich street a motleycrowd of boys and vagrant men; a long processionof the star police led the advance of the UnitedStates Hessians, perhaps two in number. In themidst of these, the marshal and his aids, with thefugitive; and a crowd of people, of all ranks andconditions, surrpunded and pressed wile eager curiosityto see the poor victim, making a collection,which numbered about 5,000 when they reached theferry. There, the police fell into a long line, andformed an alley through which the marshal, &c.,passed; twenty-five officers accompanied him to theother side of the river. There was much shouting ofa doubtful kind, partaking more of the excitementof curiosity, perhaps, than any other feeling. Amorning paper states that there was an immensecrowd of colored people; certainly two hundred willcover all. The mass consisted of while people, whowill not need to see many such exhibitions, to makethem hate slavery with a most righteous hatred.—N.Y. Evening Post. N.Y. Evening Post. SAFE ESCORT OF THE FUGITEVE SLAVE.—Messrs. B.H. Tallmadge Brown and D'Angelos, thedeputy marshals, who formed the escort of HenryLong, the fugitives slave to Virginia, arrived in NewYork on Tuesday, after having fulfilled their missionby lodging Long in Tate's private jail in Richmond.It appears that on searching the fugitive, a claspknife, with a spring back, was sound in his possession,and it is supposed it must have been conveyed tohim by some person before he left New York. Severalmembers of the local legislature in Richmondcongratulated the Marshals on having successfullyconveyed back to the South 'the Olive Branch's; andsaid that they were satisfied from the course whichhad been pursued, that New York would do everything in its power to maintain its relations with itsSouthern sister States.—N.Y. Herland. AFE SCORT UGITEVE LAVE. N.Y. Herland. ☞Extract of a letter from a Richmond (Va.) correspondentof the New York Evening Post:— It was announced in the daily papers of yesterday,that Henry Long would be sold this morning, at teno'clock, at an auction mart near the City Hotel. Atthat hour, the people began to assemble. A few minutesafter ten, Henry Long was brought into theauction-room, and seated near two women having infantchildren—two boys about ten years of age, andtwo smaller children—all to be sold. Long maintained, evidently, a forced smile, andwas much agitated. It was only when spoken tothat he appeared relieved. These were many soongathered about him—together with myself, who putvarious questions to him. I shall detail the conversationin a categorical form, as the truest and shortestmade of conveying all that is necessary in regardto such speculations as have been made about him.His manner, throughout, was modest and civil, andhis replies to questions, which were very much thesame, repeated over to him by the different partiescoming to see him, were sensible. There was nodisposition to use taunting language to him. Onthe contrary, soft and persuasive language was adopted,such as the slave-dealers use to make them believethey are going to glory. Long, are you glad to get back to Virginia?Well, I often thought I would like to come backsometime, but I meant to come independently. Theysay your played the fiddle? That is not true; I knownothing about handling a fiddle; I wouldn't knowhow to touch a string; that story is all made upfor me. Didn't you sing or play 'Carry me backto old Virginny? No! that's not true either, it'sall made up Have you got a family? I have gota wife in New York. She is a while woman, saidsome one, isn't she, Long? So the papers say. Then,said Long, I suppose it must be so, if the papers sayso. But Long, did you give sanction to the story,or is there any foundation for it? No. Long, saidone man, in a meet and beneficent tone were theabolitionists good to you? Why didn't they cometo you when you was sick, and take care of you?I never knew any thing of them until I was arrested.Well, what did they do for you them? Why, theyseemed to be friendly, Do you suppose you were aswell off as our would have been here, where youwould be cared for if you was sick, with somebodyto look after you and be kind to you? Well, idon't know; the people there always spoke well ofyou here. (Not a very appropriate answer, nevertheless.the one that was given.) Now, Long hadn'tyou rather be back here, a slave in Virginia, thanto be free in New York, where they don't care anything about that—I don't want to answer that. Ain'tyou sorry you are brought back? Well, the best ofmen have their downfalls. Such is literally, the conversation, as far as it goes,with Long. Under the peculiar circumstances inwhich he was situated, it will be seen how much itbears the impress of truth, and how factly it contradictsall that has been said as to the particulars referredto. After being thus, with others, participating in theconversation with Long, until about half-past teno'clock, when probably 200 persons had collectedwithin the room and about the doors, the auctioneer,a very good-looking man, called out, 'Whoever isgoing to buy niggers will come down to the other office'.A large number followed on to several doorsbeyond, where it was understood that the sale ofLong would not take place until that was over. At that other office, were about twenty slaves, ofboth sexes, and a variety of ages. One legitimateblack, about 22years of age, sold for $900. An oldman sold for about $85. A good-looking mulattohoy, of 19, was knocked off at $800. His mother,who is a cook in the city, was present. The boylias been in a factory here. When he found that hehad to go to Danville, he burst into tears,—themother, too sobbing and sighing in a subdued andsolemn tone, exhibiting a spontaneous burst of griefthat was irresistible to them. the boy said that hehad been to Danville before; that there was nochance for him to make anything; that they workedhim from day-light until dark; and again weeping, heturned away,a perfect personification of a forlornhope. I returned to where Long was awaiting hisexecution. By that time—about 11 o'clock—anumber of the members of the Convention and ofthe Legislature congregated about, and hundredswere coming and going, thus contributing to a largenumber permanently there. All continued in thatmanner until after 12, when the sale was finished atthe corner and another announcement was made atthe door of Long's levee, that another sale wouldtake place across the way, where there were abouttwenty more small boys and girls. That sale occupieduntil two o'clock. From twelve to one o'clock the President of theSenate stood close by the stand of the auctioneer,whilst many of the members of each of the bodiesof the Legislature—which was also in session—were scattered about, waiting the demonstration.Many left between ten, and twelve others arrivingtop keep up the pressing crowd within, All passedon quietly, with no noisy expressions; some saying,'the damned nigger ought to be strong up; anotherthat he was not be blamed for trying to get away,if he could; another, that very likely some abolitionistwas then by, watching their movements. Onemember, possessing some comical features character,was asked to go. He replied, facetiously; (butit stuck me that there might be something in it,) thatit would never do to go until the 'nigger ' was sold:that he must see him sold or he would get turned outof office. noisy Among the crowd was one young man, who, fromhis dress, smell and expressions, appeared as if hemight have suddenly come into possession of someproperty, which he was not accustomed to and had,in consequence, become suddenly elevated in hisown estimation. He swaggered about, to the merrimentand approving smiles of a few, but me withno encouragement from the mass, swearing that hewas about to buy the 'nigger,' so that he could givehim thirteen every morning before breakfast; hewould fix him, he would lay it on him—all the whileflourishing his can to show how he would do it. About 2o'clock, the auctioneer came in, and HenryLong was immediately placed on the stand.The auctioneer, turning to him, and taking his hatoff, asked him in a low tone about his health,strength, soundness, &c., to all of which questionsHenry responded favorably. The auctioneer then said, 'There is one conditionabout this sale. Bonds are to be given by the purchaserthat this man shall be carried South, and thathe shall be sold and kept South.' Then, clenchinghis hand, and with a very energetic gesture, and inemphatic language, declared that before Long lefthis possession, be would see that the terms werefolly complied with, and be should know his manwell, before he gave Long up or received his money.This drew forth a round of applause. The auctioneer continued—This man is in goodhealth and sound mind. [Doubtful if he is on theslavery question.] I peed not give you his history,that is known: and now, how much shall I have bid?Starting the bid himself, he said, 'I have only $700bid. Will nobody bid more?' 'I'll give $25 more',said a man standing in front, who bore a very strongresemblance to what the Perter Funks call a 'Dummy''He is a good barber, good hotel waiter, andcan work in the field, or do any thing. He is wortha fortune to any man. He can be taken round andexhibited at the South—turned to advantage in thatway: or he would be invaluable to a salve-dealerwho has other salves to sell, by advertising that HenryLong is at his place.' [That is the game that wasplayed to-day. The crowd was kept together at theother sales by putting off the sale of Long until allthe others were disposed of.] $750 I have bid;will nobody say more? After dwelling and repeatingthe usual slong-whang of the auctioneer—occupying,altogether, not five minutes, Long was knockedoff to David Clapton, of Georgia—a slave-dealerof that State, where there is not a verdant field—nota yard square of green grass. The auctioneer himselfwas empowered to make the purchase, and immediatelyafter knocking off the bid, he gave assurancethat Long should now be taken care of, whenthe audience gave a vociferous round of applauseleaving the room exultingly, one man crying out,'Damn the North.' For several days past many processions have beenseen in the streets of slaves passing in and out ofthe States. They go in numbers in proportion as thetrade of the slave-dealers flourishes of declines. 
