 The value of slaves is $500 to $1,000 and $1,200a piece, and sometimes more. A portion of our people,and I regret among them a number of ourdivines, are in the habit of representing slavery inthe South, superior, in certain cases, to freedom atthe North, so that in these two points of view, theirvalue in the market and a superior,condition, it becomesa matter not only of benevolence but of profitto kidnap persons of color, and carry them to theSouth. In South Carolina, if a free negro entertains aslave, he becomes a salve. In 1827 a free woman,and her children, were made slaves for entertainingtwo colored children, six and eight years old. In Virginia, manumitted or freed slaves are returnedto slavery again by the law, unless they leave theState within twelve months. This is against everyprinciple of right and common law. In Maryland, free negro who marries a whitewoman, becomes a slave. In the District of Columbia, and generally in theslave States, negroes not known to be free are presumedto be slaves. In Georgia, a free colored man coming into theStates; and unable to pay a fine of $ 100, becomes asalve for life. In Florida, insolvent debtors, if colored persons,are sold to pay their debts. In the District of Columbia, free persons of color,imprisoned on suspicion of being slaves, are sold assalves to pay their jail fees. In 1839, a report was made in the MassachusettsLegislature, stating one instance in which twenty fivecolored citizens were confined in one jail at theSouth liable to be sold into slavery, and in anotherwhere seventy-five free persons of color from differentStates were confined, alike exposed. Many persons from free States have been reducedto slavery under the Fugitive Laws. A few yearssince, Mary Gilmore was arrested in Philadelphia asa fugitive slave from Maryland, and testimonybrought up in support of it. But it was shown byproof that she was of Irish parentage, her father adrunkard, her mother died in an hospital,and thegirl was brought up in a colored family. In 1839, a colored man was arrested at Philadelphiaon charge of having escaped from slaverytwenty-five years before, and four witnesses gaveevidence of the fact under oath. By a singularcoincidence, a New England captain was in the sameprison with the man who knew him twenty-nineyears before, when he sailed with the captain betweeneastern ports, and his testimony, with that of others,secured the man's freedom. 
