 An outrage occurred in this neighborhood thisweek, which was so shocking that the public shouldbe made acquainted with it. On second day evening,between 7 and 8 o'clock some one knocked atthe door of the house of Marsh Chamberlain, aneighbor of mine, and the answer was given, 'Comein.' At once, about six persons entered, and madetheir way instantly toward a colored man who wassitting by the fire, and who was about putting on hisshoes. Seeing their purpose, he seized a pair of tongs todefend himself, but before he could use them hewas knocked down and beaten severely. He wasthen dragged to the door, the individuals in the meantime beating him most cruelly. He was then gagedto quiet his cries, tied and dragged like a slainbeast to a wagon, which was about 100 yards off, inreadiness to receive him, and from there he was drivenoff, as it was afterwards ascertained, instantly, tothe Maryland line, where he was handed over toother parties. The ground over which the man wasdragged was deeply marked by his blood. There were in Marsh Chamberlain's house, at thetime the affair occurred, Thomas Pennington, an elderlyman, down stairs, and a woman up stairs. Assoon as the colored man was knocked down, whetherintentionally of not the light was put out, and whatfollowed was done in comparative darkness. Thealarm was given as soon as possible and a band ofcolored people, armed with double-barrelled guns,were soon on the ground; but they were a few momentstoo late, else a scene of slaughter would haveprobably ensued, more easily imagined than described.They pursued the kidnappers, but did not geton the right track. It ought to be stated, that this band of personshad no warrant or any legal process, nor were theyaccompanied by any officer. They came from the'Gap Tavern,' a notorious place in the neighborhood.They were joined by others outside of the house,when they brought the man out. Altogether, therewere not less than ten or twelve in number. Thename of the victim was, I believe, John Williams.I have always regarded him as a free man, and hehas been so regarded in the neighborhood, and thereis no proof now that he was not. A month ago, a man was carried off from thisneighborhood in a way somewhat similar, and lastweek an attempt was made in this township, nearthe house of Dr. Duffield; but fortunately was unsuccessful.The intended victim was attackedwhile he was at work in a barn but he defendedhimself with a pitchfork and drove off his purpose. Respectfully yours, J.W. 
