 In the U.S. Senate, Jan. 15th, Mr. Only, in thecourse of some remarks on the Foreign Slave Trade—after having presented petitions on the subject—said; Mr. President, I own that the subject of Colonization,important as I think it is for the suppression ofthe African slave trade,commends itself to my mindby some additional considerations. Although I maybe thought extravagant in my view I declare thatof all the projects of the age, there is none to comparewith that great project of transporting the freepeople of color of the United States, with their ownconsent, to the coast of Africa. What is to be donewith them? What has been done with them, I askagain? Even here, under our noses, within this District,in the last ten years, they have doubled innumber. States are passing the most rigorous lawsto exclude them from their territory. Some States,indeed, are introducing into the fundamental law,the Constitution,a provision against the reception ofany free people of color within their borders. Whatis to become of them, I ask again in the name ofhumanity and justice? I see no other remedy thanthat of sending them back to the land whence theirancestors were taken, and I can conceive of no portionof the population of the United States whichwill not be benefited by such transfer of the freepeople of color from the United States to Africa.The whiles at the North would be benefited, thewhites at the South would be benefited, the slaveswould be benefited—the poor creatures themselveswould be benefited; for, instead of remaining in acountry where they never can be elevated to a highsocial and political condition with the whites, wherethey must forever remain a degraded, corrupt, anddissolute class, if carried to the country of their ancestors,they may rise to an importance which theycan never attain here. Every conceivable interestwill he promoted; commerce will be promoted; civilizationwill be promoted; religion will be promoted,by the transfer of the free people of colorwith their own consent from the United States toAfrica. And what interest, what portion of the populationof this country will be injured by such atransportation of these persons? None,none whatever. I will not detain the Senate longer upon this subject.I should be extremely glad if Senators wouldturn their attention to the Executive document towhich I have referred, and would give some considerationto the suggestions which I have made. Ah! Mr. President, if we would only renouncethose unhappy subjects of agitation which have distractedour country too long, and so greatly—if thepeople of the North would only allow the people ofthe South to manage their own domestic affairs intheir own way—if they would only reflect that ifslavery be fraught with evils, the evils are not feltby those at the North, but are confined to where theslaves are—if we would only cease to agitate eachother, and agitate our country, and endanger ourUnion itself, by continuing these unhappy subjectsof controversy and strife, and all come togetherupon this great common object, in which the freeStates are as much interested as the slave States—and unite all our energies in directing the free peopleof color from the shores of America to that placewhere they can enjoy real freedom, and pursue theirown happiness, what a glorious result would it be forour country! Sir, I beg pardon for having kept theattention of the Senate so long. I move that thepetitions, without reading be referred to the Committeeon Commerce. They were so referred. The petition on the subject of the slave trade,which was signed by the 'State Senate, fifty-four ofsixty-eight that constitute the State Legislature, theChief Justice and three of the Associate Judges ofthe Supreme Court of Rhode Island; F. Wayland,President of Brown University; the U.S. DistrictJudge ex-District Judges, ex-Members of Congress,ex-United States Senators, ex-Governors, &c., wasas follows:— 'The subscribers, citizens of the State of RhodeIsland, would respectfully but earnestly entreat youto take into early consideration the subject of theAfrican slave trade,and adopt,as speedily as practicable,some effectual measures for its suppression.Of all the atrocities that men have ever inflictedupon their fellow-creatures, we believe that none—either past or present—will compare in enormitywith those which the poor victims of this horridtraffic are at this present moment subjected to.Whilst sensible that present moment subjects thatrequire your attention, we yet feel assured that ifall the evils which properly belong to your cognizancecould be brought palpably before you, in panoramicarray, the dreadful enormities in the startlingvision, would immeasurably exceed those of all otherevils combined. Could their appalling horrors, ashave been brought to light by the investigations ofthe British Parliament, be presented to you at oneview, from the first seizure of the poor wretches inthe interior of Africa by banded ruffians, midst themidnight conflagrations of their villages, the butcheryof the old and infirm, the shrieks of bereaved parents,and the subsequent piteous moans of their dyinginfants, left to perish with hunger among the smokingruins; could your eyes behold the brokenheartedcaptives, heavy laden with chains and ivory,as they wend their sorrowing way to the coast, guidedby the bleaching bones of human beings likethemselves, who have perished on the route; thousandsmore of whom die from hunger and neglectat the slave factories are they embark; could you bemade sensible of the indescribale—yea, inconceivable—horrors of the middle passage, after beingforced into those dens of misery, in comparison withwhich the dungeons of romance become palaces ofpleasure—the hold of a modern slaver, where, chainedtogether an packed as closely as they can bemade to be on their sides, tormented with sea-sickness,suffocating with heat and want of air, franticwith thirst, and raving through despair, they arecompelled to lie amidst fifth and excrement and theputrid corpses of the dead for weeks together, andsometimes during a storm for days without food orwater, the hatches being tightly closed over the dreadfulchannel-house, where, under these circumstances,hundreds sometimes suffocate amidst their vain cries,'We are dying! we are dying!' Again, could youwitness the landing of the poor creatures, and behold,—as has been proved before Parliament by ampletestimony,—the massacre on the beach of hundredswhose constitutions had been utterly destroyedby their sufferings, thus rendering them unmerchantable;could you behold all this as the OmnipotentJudge of all beholds it, and thus be made to realizethat it is not a picture of the imagination, butthat these dreadful scenes are at this moment beingenacted—that villages are now nightly burning inAfrica—caravans of human beings are marching undera burning sun to the coast—that slave-ships, overwhich waves the flag of our common country, arewaiting to receive them—and that an hour neverpasses but that more than twenty human beings areconsigned to a violent or suffering death in supportof this cruel commerce; we again repeat,could youthus behold these facts as they really are, we believeall other evils would single into utter insignificance inyour estimation when compared with this, and thatyou would 'give not sleep to your eyes nor slumberto your eyelide,' until you had exhausted every remedialremedy you could lawfully bring to bear onthe suppression of the African slave trade. We would respectfully yiremind you, that all attemptsto suppress this diabolical traffic through force ofarms has ever signally failed, and that the blockade.of the slave coast by the fleets of Great Britain, theUnited States and France combined, at an expenseof more than $100,000,000, and the sacrifice of manyliyes, has resulted in a great aggravation of thenevil instead of promoting its suppression. We would also respectfully state, that we believethat the only effectual barriers that have over beenplaced between the slave-dealer and his victims inAfrican, have been the colonies that have been plantedon her coast, and these have in every instuancebeen found competent to its suppression or control. We would again respectfully refer, you to a fact,which has now become unquestionably establishedas such by the results of experience, that that part ofthe Western coast of Africa which ever has beenand is now frequented by slavers, cannot be colonizedby whites, the climate being deadly to their constitutionthough friendly to that of the colored man. And lastly we wold remind you that about one thirdpart of this coast has been successfully colonizedby colored people from the United States, underthe auspices of the American Colonization Society,through the outlay, as your memorialists believe,of less than one million of dollars, and that thecolonists thus planted have effectually suppressedthe slave trade as far as their jurisdiction extends,which we believe to be in extent,a s before stated,about one-third part of the whole slave coast ofWestern Africa. Believing, as we do, that the African slave tradeis not to be suppressed by any armed intervention,and that experience has proved that colonization ofthe slave coast of Africa presents the only feasiblescheme for the suppression of the traffic, we most earnestlybeseech you to take into immediate considerationthe propriety of establishing a line of governmentsteamers or sailing packets, for the purposeof conveying, free of expense, such free coloredpersons as may avail themselves of such means toemigrate to Liberian, or to any part of the westerncoast of Africa that may be peacefully colonized bythem; or that an annual appropriation be made bygovernment it money in aid of the cause of Africancolonization, to the same amount that is now expendedin supporting the squadron of armed cruisers,and the outlay of which las, up to the present day,tended greatly to aggravate rather than to suppressthe most crying evil that has ever existed on earth. 
