 If it be true, that thirty thousand fugitive slavesare in the non-slaveholding States, there cannot bemuch difficulty in applying the provisions of the FugitiveSlave Act of Congress, in a sufficient numberof cases to test effectually the force of the FederalGovernment in ever anti-slavery State in the Union.The following suggestions are respectfully submitted: 1. In each Southern State, the several DistrictSouthern Rights Associations may combine, by constitutinga general committee for each State. 2. Every slave-owner, from whom any slaves haverun away within the last ten years, should reporttheir names and descriptions of their personal appearance,together with any information which mightend in the discovery of their present location. 3. These reports should be land before the generalcommittee of the State. 4. Each general State Committee should appointan agent, with instructions to travel through the non-slaveholdingStates, and collect all the informationto be there found concerning the fugitive slaves,Reports, showing their names, personal appearancelocation, and history, should be made by these agentsto the general committee appointing them. 5. By comparing the reports of the owners withthose of the agents, many fugitive slaves would soonbe identified, and their owners, advised and aided bythe Associations, could proceed to reclaim them accordingto the forms of the Act of Congress. 6. The enforcement of this law, with the restorationof Southern property, or the rending of societyat the North, by the persevering resolution to testthe strength of the United States Government in aconflict with fanaticism, is an alternative worthy ofthose who associate for the protection of Southerrights. 7. Whenever the issue is made, those who have aninterest in the preservation of property, by the maintenanceof law, will have to defend property in slavery,or abandon the law, and peril their own security. 8. Faction and insurrection will probably conquerthe Federal Government, whose officers, from PresidentFillmore and his Cabinet to the United StatesMarshal of New York, are shrinking from theirsworn duty; and the importance of the Union, exceptagainst the South, will be manifested. 9. The selfish politicians, and their parties, whohave coaxed and patted abolitionists for their votes,will find, like Actreon, the dogs at their own throats. 10. Seward and Hale must either lead the revolution,or be its victims. Anti-Slavery, being only thepresent war-cry of the party opposed to law and socialorder, will be forgotten, when once disorder andthe reign of terror begin. 11. From the North will come disunion and civilwar, and the people of Massachusetts and New York,who scoff at the State sovereignty, must have theinsurrectionary Government of triumphant mobs. 12. Against those will the star-spangled bannerof the Union' in Southern hands be waved, sustainedby the cannon and the sword; or, far from theirintestine anarchy and civil broils will the Southpursue the prosperous path of peace, under the flagwhich will float over their 'glorious Union.' SCIPIO. 
