 WAHINGTON, Jan. 11th. AHINGTON The Supreme Court has decided a case, the chiefpoint in which appears to be, whether the conveyanceto a free State b his master, or under his authority,of a slave,confers upon him the rights of afreeman, or whether his condition remains the same.I believe the decision was agreed to when the benchwas full. The case was No. 25, entitled JacobStrader, James Gorham, and John Armstrong, plaintiffsin error, vs. Christopher Graham. In error tothe Court of Appeals for the State of Kentucky. Mr. Chief Justice Taney delivered the opinion ofthe Court. The case is brought here by writ of error directedto the Court of Appeals of the State of Kentucky. The facts in the case, so far as they are materialto the decision of this court, are briefly as follows:The defendant in error is a citizen of the State ofKentucky, and three negro men whom he claimedand held as his slaves were received on board thesteamboat Pike, at Louisville, without his knowledgeor consent, and transported to Cincinnati, and fromthat place escaped to Canada, and were finally lostto him.' The points decided, or rather the points on whichthe dicta of the court are given, are that every Statehas 'the right to determine the status, or domesticand social condition of the persons domiciled withinits territory', except in so far as this right is qualifiedby the Constitution of the United States. dicta status Application: Three negro men, slaves, weresent into Ohio, by their masters, on several occasions,to perform as musicians. By the laws ofOhio,they were free; but they returned to Kentuckyand became slaves. That is having been by thevoluntary act of the master placed under the jurisdictionof Ohio, and thereby, in fact, manumitted,they were, per legume operationem. alone, afterwardsreduced to slavery. per legume operationem. 2d. The ordinance of 1787 was not a compactand is not in force. Therefore, the ordinance couldnever have affected, and does not now affect the relationsbetween the States formed out of the NorthWest territory and the other States, between Ohioand kentucky, for instance: Exemplification. Kentucky is not bound to regarda law of Ohio, founded on the ordinance making negroes,who may have been slaves, freemen. And theexemplification of the point that the ordinance is notin force, is found in Permnli us. First Municipality3, Howard 589. Here the plaintiff claimed the applicationof the ordinance to Louisiana under the actof Congress of April 7th, 1798. The court decidedthat the ordinance ceased to be in force when Louisianabecame a State, and now holds, that if it is notin force in States formed from the southwestern territory,it cannot be of any more validity in the Statesof the late north western territory. 3d. The authority of the ordinance ceased, evenas local inv, when the States of the northwest wereformed, the act of August 7th, 1789, adopted theordinance, only applying to the territory while in aterritorial form. The consequence of this is, thatthe ordinance does not confer any jurisdiction uponthe Supreme Court, or any other courts, and the writof error is accordingly dismissed, for the want ofjurisdiction. It is said, in one or more of the Washington papers,that all the judges concurred in the opinion ofthe court, on the principles laid down, but thatJustice McLean, Catron and Wayne, consideredmost of the points decided as not before the court,and therefore that the dicta upon them were extrnjudicial. As to Justice McLean, this is not correct.He has held in his own circuit, that the articles ofthe ordinance relative to slavery were a compactbetween the whole of the northwestern territory andthe States which should be formed out of it, and theother States of the Union. And he now believes boththat the ordinances is in force and that the occasionrequired no opinion from the court in relation to it. dicta I regard what the court says in relation to the ordinanceas of no importance whatever. It has goneone of its way to pat on record a dictum which theadvocates of slavery extension will greedily seizeupon as a point in their favor. The ordinance hasbeen in actual existence and beneficent operationsixty-three years, and it is too lale to attempt its repealby a decree of the Supreme Court. At notime, within the last forty years, has that court beenso constituted that any question arising between thefree and the slave States, as opposing sections, couldbe left to it with any more safety to the rights of theformer, than to a board of referees consisting of thepresent Governors of Mississippi, South-Carolina,and Virginia. And the history of this particularcase illustrates the stupidity and the danger of leavingto this tribunal the arbitration of issues that belongto the legislature or to the forum of popular discussion; But as I said at first, the only point decided in thecase is, that persons once held as slaves, and emancipatedin fact by the act of the master, may he re-enslavedby the silent operation of the common lawof slavery in our slave States. This is what isdecided, for to suppose that any other decision wascome to, would involve the still more revolting conclusion,that the Kentucky master may take hisslaves into Ohio, and hold them there, in defiance ofher laws. This has an important bearing on thefugitive Slave Law. It shows that this court willpresume all men of color in slave States to be slaves,and will not look with favor upon their manumission. This serves to show what security a person transportedfrom a free State, on the charge of being afugitive, has for obtaining a trial by jury in the placeto which he is conveyed. Looking at this decisionin the view of common sees, it must be pronounced,in the language of Mr. Webster, 'not a respectabledecision.' The court needs reorganizing. Insteadof the four members allotted to the free States, theyshould have six, and then perhaps after a score ortwo of years, the principles of common humanity, onone class of subjects, would not be always proscribed. 
