 A Higher Law in Virginia.—The Richmond Equirerrecommends the State Constitutional Convention,now in session in that city, to 'repeal every ;lawon their statute book which authorizes the emancipationof slaves, without providing, at the same time,the means of transporting them out of the State; andthe repeal of every law which gives to any tribunalthe authority to permit free negroes to reside withinits limits.' A Higher Law in Virginia. It also recommends that a prohibition of free negroesentering the State be extended to the whilescoming from several of the Northern States, unlessthey come with a passport, and give bond and securityfor their good behavior whilst there. The expense of such proceedings, the writer says,might be defrayed out of the sees to be paid for thepassports to the examining officers, who could be stationedat the entrances of routes for travelling intoour borders. As a police regulation, rendered necessaryfor our protection by the existing state of things,the writer believes its strict constitutionality might bemaintained. But, he adds, whether it be strictly constitutionalof no is of little consequence, in dealing withthose who repudiates and cowedly violate the Constitutionevery day.' police regulation strict constitutionality little consequence There is a specimen of Virginie morals for you!We are no longer surprised that Dickinson wished hehad been born in Virginia. We begin to doubt whetherhe was not—N.Y. Tribune. RICHMOND, January 10, 1851—10 P.M. ICHMOND Domestic Slavery—The Rev. Dr. Smith, formerly aMethodist clergymen of this city, and now Presidentof the Rodolph Macon College, closed his third lecturethis evening, in continuation of the extraordinaryand absurd doctrines of which I gave you a shortsketch in my last, and shall refer to in my next. Domestic Slavery To show to while extent the views contended forby Dr. Smith are popular here, notwithstanding hisfame as a speaker and teacher of religion, where werepresent on the first evening, 103, the next evening,92; and this evening, less than 100, by the count. Incendiary Publications.—Some impudent scanhis had the effrontery to send to us, through the postoffice, a copy of the Boston Chronotype, while abolitionsheet, published in Boston. The copy sent had a laboredarticle against the constitutionality of slavery.This article was marked with a pencil in a manneras to call special attention to it; and are suppose mailcarriers so far as to tax them with its conveyance tothis place, thought to put an unanswerable argumentin out hands in support of the author's fantastical notions.We do not know, and of course have no meansof finding out, whether it was the editor or some otherbusy body that sent it. If the editor sent it, we havethe gratification to inform him that we thought justenough of his kindness to commit the paper to thesames without reading any farther than just enoughto see what he was striking. If some other individualwas such a goose as to think it would be read withany patience by us, we can inform him that we havein Georgia a statistic against clogging up the mallswith incendiary publications, and if we could find himout and get hold of him, the matter would be promptlyturned over to the first grand jury having cognizanceof the case—American Union, (Griffin Ga.) Incendiary Publications. Boston Chronotype constitutionality American Union The Negroes in South Carolina—The CharlestonMercury opposes the proposition to remove the freenegroes from that State. It considers such a measureobjectionable on the score of expediency. It saysthey are a peaceful and orderly people and we haveno reason to suspect them either of a disposition toconspiracy or to riot. Their sympathies are with thewhiles rather than with the blacks. Many of themare slaveholders, and a good portion are industrioussober and useful members of the community. The Negroes in South Carolina A committee of the South Carolinian legislature recentlyreported in conformity with the views aboveexpressed. 
