 We have been frequently charged with being hostileto the present Federal Government. We are so,and for the following very satisfactory reasons,among many others:— Because, for the last thirty years, it has proven awithering and unmitigated curse upon the South,having robbed us during this period of not less thanone thousand millions, to build up Northern interestsand institutions. Because it has, its late action, destroyed thesovereignty and equality of fifteen States of thisConfederacy, and degraded them to the condition ofcolonial dependencies. Because it has ceased to afford us protection inany particular, its whole aim being to break downand destroy the South. Because it is an Abolition Government, strikingdirectly at the institutions and domestic policy of thesection in which we live, its whole legislation beingshaped to this end, and having this only for its object. Because, in fine, it has most signally failed, as anexperiment of the capacity of the people for self-government,inasmuch as the rights of one sectionhave been trampled under foot, to gratify the fanaticismand lost for power of the other, We are in favor of its dissolution or disunion— We are in favor of its dissolution or disunion Because it will bring wealth and greatness to theSouth, under a Southern Confederacy, which mustinevitably arise from dissolution. Because it will restore the sovereignty, independenceand equality of the Southern States. Because it will afford us protection in our persons,property, &c. Because it will kill off the soul spirit of abolition,by making away the food it feeds on. Because it will put an end to kidnapping and borderthieving, and restore peace and security to thefrontier States. Because it will promote the cause of religion,morality and civilization, in the South. Because it will build up a system of internal improvements,increase the number of schools, colleges,&c. Because it will destroy entirely pauperism, by enablingevery man, not physically diseased, to earnhis daily bread, and accumulate, from the abundanceof our prosperity, a fortune for himself in a shorttime. Because it will renew and perpetuate the experimentof the capability of the people for self-government. Because, even if the slavery question is settled, theseeds of discord have been too deeply sown by theNorth over to bring forth any other fruit than hostilityand constant wrangling between the two sections. Because the Union is too large, and composed oftoo various interests, ever to harmonize together. Because we honestly believe the Almighty neverintended that the generous and noble Southernershould constitute one people with cold, calculatingplundering Yankee. 
