 Southern slaveholders have a passion for mischiefframed into law, which attracts the attentionof the civilized world. Yet, with all their ardorfor slavery, they do not knew how to be guiltyof such mean, detestable, low-minded, base-heartedscoundrelism, in matters touching the slaveryquestion, as a certain class of pro-slavery politiciansin the North. We have this folly illustratedby a recent act of legislation in Illinois,—an actso base, so atrocious, that the devil must concludethat his services an no longer needed in that State—the pro-slavery politicians then being quite ableto beat him at his own work. To clap the climax of this shameless scoundrelism,put forth as law, the act provides that, afterpaying to the prosecutor one half of the moneythus accruing from the prosecution and sale ofnegroes and mulattoes, the remainder shall 'bekept as a distinct and separate fund, to be calledTHE CHARITY FUND, and said fund shall be used forthe express purpose of relieving the poor'!!! Thisis intended as a religious consecration of devilism.It is a gaunt thing to seem religious; hence wehave stories of bloody robbers and other greatscoundrels who endowed shrines, and made a largeuse of the airs and trappings of sanctimoniousness. to be called and said fund shall be used forthe express purpose of relieving the poor'!!! Virginia cannot be an base as that. The recentattempt then to enact atrocious laws against thefree blacks, and the indignation which at oncearose and baffled it, shows that the Old Dominion,in spite of the disastrous influence of her peculiarinstitution, has a grace of humanity and a senseof self-respect, to which the legislators of Illinoisan utter strangers. True, such things in the freeStates show the influence of slavery, which moreor less degrades and debauches the whole country.But the slave laws of Virginia an ordered by theslave system as it exists there; while such thingsin a free State show nothing so clearly as the servilerascality of pro-slavery politicians. In Illinois, some of the papers, both Whig andDemocratic, are denouncing the new black law.Very few of the people relish it, and many of themspurn it and spit upon it. It will be a dead letterin all the Northern part of the State, it is said.The matter bids fair to provoke a vehement agitationof the slavery question-In that quarter. Thatenactment seems likely to bring a tempest on theheads of its infamous framers, most of whom havethe word Democracy upon, their unhallowed lips,and sanctimoniously profess that among the inalienablerights of man, are liberty and the pursuitof happiness.—Commonwealth. Commonwealth. 
