 The following timely and pertinent Resolutionswere introduced to the Massachusetts House ofRepresentatives, last week, and make a sung fit:— Mr. PRINCE of Essex, asked leave of the Houseto introduce the following resolves, with a view ofhaving thorn referred to the special committee onthe Madiai family:— RINCE Resolved, That while expressing the deepestsympathy for the Madiai family in their suffering,for conscience's sake, the tyrannous and cruel imprisonmentinflicted by the Grand Duke of Tuscany,we likewise give utterance to the most profoundsympathy and commiseration for those insome portions of our country, who are denied bythe laws of the States wherein they reside, notonly the privilege of reading the Bible, but theprivilege of reading any book whatsoever, andeven prohibited, under severe penalties, from learningto read and write.* * Resolved, That we are pained by the mortifyingconsideration, that the conduct of the Grand Dukeaforesaid, has in more than one instance been paralleledin the United States of America,—as in thecase of the flogging of Amos Dresser, a colporteur,(which took place in a public square in thecity of Nashville, Tenn.) for having in his possessioncertain religious publications which he wascharged with designing to circulate among a certainclass of the 'population of that vicinity,—and,also, in the case of Chauncey B. Blake, anagent of a Bible Society, who was arraigned beforeRecorder Baldwin, in the city of Now Orleans,for asking a few persons whom be met in the streetif they could read, and if they would accept thegift of a Bible or Testament. Resolved, That to convince His Grace the GrandDuke aforesaid that we are not personally invidiousnor influenced by national prejudice in offering ourprotest against his treatment of the Madiai family,we herewith assure him that we entertain anequal degree of abhorrence of the laws of some ofthe States of the American Union, which trammeland abridge the freedom of religious worship,and of which the following is a sample:—'It shallnot be lawful for any FREE negro or negroes,slave or slaves, to assemble or ATTEND any meetingfor RELIGIOUS PURPOSES, unless conductedby a white licensed or ordained preacher, or somerespectable white person or persons of the neighborhood,as may he duly authorized by such licensedor ordained preacher, during the continuanceof such meeting.'† any white † Resolved, That a copy of the foregoing resolutionsbe transmitted to each each of our Senatorsand Representatives in Congress, to the Governorsof the several States of Maryland, Virginia, SouthCarolina, Louisiana, Georgia, Tennessee, Mississippi,and Missouri, and also to the Grand Dukeof Tuscany. Mr. PRINCE, in support of his request, remarkedthat while we looked to the oppressions by theGrand Duke of Tuscany, and while religious tolerancewas claimed beyond our borders, we hadmuch to improve and remove among ourselves.By deprecating the whole system of religious intoleranceand oppression wherever it has existence,the public would believe that the Legislaturemeant something; but by reproving only one instance,others being so glaring, the people wouldconsider they meant nothing, RINCE Mr. NAYSON, of Amesbury, was in favor of grantingleave for the introduction of the resolves, andof all others, on whatever topics gentlemen mightbe pleased to select. The committee on the Madiairesolves hold a meeting on Tuesday morning inthe Senate chamber, and he hoped all who hadmatters to introduce would present them beforethat time, so that they might reach the committeebefore its last meeting. He would suggest, however,that if any one bad anything to offer relativeto the ostracism and injuries committed upon theMormons, or other wrongs whatever, that they nowbring in their resolves. AYSON Mr. THOMPSON, of Boston, hoped the gentlemanwould have leave to introduce the resolves, and thatall others who wished to introduce any matter thatinterested them would also have leave, and thatthey would severally be referred to committees.When the committees reported upon them, heshould hope then would then be a full discussion.If gentlemen then wished to discuss matters thatwere none of their business, and about which theydid not know, they could do so; but he regardedit beneath the dignity of a sovereign State to interferewith the municipal regulations of any Stateor nation. HOMPSON Mr. PRINCE responded, that the matter underconsideration was of our business, about which wedid fully know. IX gentlemen would examine hisresolves, they would find notes appended to them,referring to certain books now in the State Library,which could be seen by all; and all could beinformed upon this matter, at least, if they wished. RINCE Mr. THOMPSON reiterated the remark that it wasbeneath the dignity of this House to interfere withany polios regulations which any community mightestablish for its safety and protection. What wasit to us what laws the Grand Duke of Tuscanyor our sister States prescribed for their people?Supposing the Grand Duke of Tuscany should takeit into his head to arraign Massachusetts for notindemnifying the sufferers for the destruction of theUrsuline Convent, and should send his opinionhere; would not every man feel that it was an insultto us, and none of his business what we did, ordid not do? HOMPSON Mr. MORSE, of Lowell, defended the resolves relativeto the Madiai family, which he had introduced,and maintained that nation* had a right to inquireinto the conduct of other nations upon greatquestions, and quoted Lord John Russell's instructionsto Sir S.L. Bulwer and Hon. Edward Everett,on the same subject, in support of his position—theopinion of gentlemen as intelligent as any thatcould be named. ORSE Mr. WIGGIN, of Boston, rose to a point of order,that the gentleman was out of order both in discussingthe Madiai resolves, and in reading theopinions of any body else. IGGIN The SPEAKER said, that as a wide range hadbeen taken in the discussion, with the general consentthe House, and as it was the usual courtesyto allow a gentleman to read quotations, if hewished, in his argument, he mast rule the memberin order. PEAKER Mr. THOMPSON thought the opinion of Lord JohnRussell, or anybody else, on this floor, on any subject,was no more valuable than that of any member.The present occasion was not the most suitableto reply to the position taken; but when thecommittee reported, he thought the opinion ofLord John could be satisfactorily met. HOMPSON Mr. GREENS, of Amherst, called for the previousquestion. REENS Mr. PRINCE rose to a question of privilege, buton stating that it had reference to a wish to beheard a third time, in answer to an objection meanto the resolutions, the SPEAKER ruled that the wishwas not a cause for a question of privilege. RINCE PEAKER The question of granting leave to introduce theresolutions was then put, and declared carried:the vote being doubted, a count was had,—98yeas, 27 nays. On motion of Mr. PRINCE, the resolves Were thanreferred to the Committee on the Madiai matter, RINCE Mr. ROBINSON, of Lowell, moved that the resolvesbe printed. Negatived, 78 to 44. OBINSON, * See Cobb's New Digest of the Laws of Georgia,(published in the year 1851,) page 981, act entitled'Slaves, Patrols, and Free Pardons of Color,' Sec. 39.Also, see Laws of Missouri passed at the session of1846-7, page 106. (Mass. State Library.) * See Cobb's New Digest of the Laws of Georgia,(published in the year 1851,) page 981, act entitled'Slaves, Patrols, and Free Pardons of Color,' Sec. 39.Also, see Laws of Missouri passed at the session of1846-7, page 106. (Mass. State Library.) New Digest of the Laws of Georgia Free Laws of Missouri † Sea Judge Dorsey's compilation of the Leus ofMaryland, vol. it page 1071, chap. 828, sec. 7. (MassState Library.) † Sea Judge Dorsey's compilation of the Leus ofMaryland, vol. it page 1071, chap. 828, sec. 7. (MassState Library.) Leus ofMaryland 
