 The State of Illinois, (may God save our feetfrom ever touching her soil!) has just passed oneof the most atrocious laws ever written in a statute-book.It is entitled 'An Act to prevent the emigrationof free negroes into this State.' We will hastilysketch its provisions. * * * * * An Act to prevent the emigrationof free negroes into this State. Is it true that we live in a country where God isworshipped, and His Laws are reverenced? Is thisa land of liberty? Where are Drs. Dewey, Taylor,and Lord, and will they who have justified the catchingof runaway slaves, now defend the imprisonmentof freemen, for no crime whatever, and their reductionto a state of Slavery? We presume theywill. It is not enough to insist that no slave shallbe freed—it will not suffice to refetter every negro,who, in his horrible anguish, has snapt asunderhis chains. We must begin the work or manufacturingslaves—here at the North! Here, where theground is not yet dry of the blood of revolutionaryheroes!—where we shout ourselves hoarse for Liberty,Equality, and Fraternity. And this damnablebusiness has commenced in a Free State—in aState that should be proud of its liberties, whichshould maintain them, but shall forever after thisbe a byword among the nations. A hundred slave-holderscannot be found throughout the entireSouth, wicked enough and mean enough to passsuch a law. Legree himself would have shrunkback with affright from such an iniquity. To holdslaves is one thing—but to deliberately sell atauction free men is a more stupendous wickedness.The laws of all Northern States punish severelythe individual kidnapper—but the Legislators ofthe State of Illinois are kidnappers of the blackesttype. And they shall verily have their reward.The civilized world will pronounce their nameswith horror, and the day is coming when, even indark, benighted Illinois, their memory shall exciteonly shame and loathing. Talk of the oppressionof England! We know from what we have seenwith our own eyes, that there as oppression there;but we would sooner take the position of the mostmiserable peasant or artisan in all Britain, thanlive a white freeman in Illinois! Our religious papers,our churches, our clergymen, are weepingprodigious tears over the Madiai family—have theyone word to any in reference to this law whichmakes chattels of freemen? We shall see. true they the imprisonmentof freemen and their reductionto a state of Slavery? such sell atauction 
