 Illinois has voluntarily become a Slave State.Her Legislature has just passed a law, which parallelsin atrocity the Fugitive Slave Law, andwhich distinguishes her as the most infamous ofall the States in the Union. South Carolina may now bow her head, and hangher harp upon the willows. Illinois goes beyondher, in unconstitutional, inhospitable, inhuman,God-defying legislation, and stands up before thecivilized world as the cynosure of those RepublicanStates, from which nations may learn the wayto be infamous, without knowing how to think ofshame. This law of Illinois permits slaveholders to carrytheir slaves through the State. It confers uponthem the right of transit, which the Doughfacesof New York were so anxious to confer upon Lemmonand his slaves. The 'free soil' of Illinoiscannot now, under any circumstances, become freeto a slave. If his master carries him into theState, he can hold him. If he enters it, himself,he can be seized, imprisoned, and finally sold againinto slavery, to reimburse the great republic ofIllinois for the trouble of depriving him of hisliberty. This, however, is only one of the abominablefeatures of this, so called, law. If any colored citizen of Massachusetts, or anyother free State, having one fourth part of negroblood in his veins, enters Illinois and remains therefor ten days, he is liable to a fine of fifty dollars;and if be does not pay said fine, he shall be sold atauction as a SLAVE. Think of these things, and think of the provisionof the Constitution, which says that the citizens ofthe several States shall have all the rights of citizensin each of the States. The legislature of Illinoisassumes the right to dispose of the liberty ofcertain of oar fellow-citizens, in direct defiance ofthis Constitutional law; and it will not allow themto pursue their legitimate business, over the bordersof Illinois. The Constitution is a pleasantfiction, out there. They read it in law libraries,but they do not put any confidence in its statementsor principles. The human auction block, the yokeof bondage, and the slave pen, are seemingly moregermain to the aspirations and principles of Illinoisdemocracy, than the principles of the Declarationof Independence, or the institutions of freedom.Illinois is now, by her own act, a slave State. The Boston Courier attributes this circumstanceto the Free Soilers and Abolitionists. The Couriersays it is a consequence of anti-slavery agitation.One would suppose the Courier to be joking, if itwas possible for that paper to indulge in such apleasant pastime. But as it cannot joke, of course,it is terribly in earnest when it makes this charge.It says that Free Soilers and Abolitionists have encouragedslaves to run away, until Illinois is burdenedwith negro paupers, and that it is to protectherself, that that Commonwealth makes her presentstringent statute. Of course, the Courier considersthe legislature of Illinois justifiable in the courseit has pursued, and probably would be pleased ifMassachusetts would sell into slavery the wholeIrish population of oar State, because Irish crowdour almshouses in a tenfold greater proportion thancolored paupers do those of Illinois. The humanity,justice, or Christianity of the act, does notseem to occupy the Courier's attention for a moment.If it pays in Illinois to do this thing, then, accordingto the logic of the Courier, she has sufficientright and cause to do it. Courier Courier Courier pays Courier The Courier thus explains the philosophy of Dr.Dewey's declaration, that he would send his motherto slavery if the law provided he should do so;and it also lets us see the holy, pious, pure,benevolent source from which have issued all thoseclerical expressions of admiration for slavery andthe Fugitive Slave Law, which have rung from thepulpits for the last three years. Courier Dr. Dewey so hates slavery, that he would sendhis mother into it to abolish it; and Dr. Dewey'sclerical confreres are so eager to abolish slavery,that they cannot give sufficient expression to theiradmiration of the laws made to sustain it; neithercan they find language bitter enough, with whichto stigmatize those who profess to believe thatGod's law is a higher law than the slave law. The Courier says, that the legitimate consequenceof bearing testimony against sin and crime is theincrease thereof, and, of course, it must also maintainthe converse of this proposition, which is, thatthe legitimate consequence of encouraging crime isits diminution. According to the Courier's moralphilosophy, the Savior of men was encouragingwickedness when he rebuked the Scribes and Pharisees,and called sinners to repentance. Courier Courier's The inference to be drawn from the reasoning ofthe Courier is, that if he had acted like those eminentChristians, Dr. Dewey and Daniel Webster,everybody, in these days, would have been as goodas he could be, and freedom, humanity, and millennialgladness would have filled the world with theirglorious presence. But we understand why the Courier wishes tothrow the responsibility of this law of Illinoisupon Free Soilers and Abolitionists. We know thesecret of its present stupid mode of reasoning. Itstill possesses one spark of human feeling, andsome sense of shame. It knows that Daniel Webster's7th of March speech begat the Fugitive SlaveLaw; the Fugitive Slave Law begat the two Baltimoreplatforms; and the two Baltimore platformsbegat the recent Slave Laws of California and Illinois.The whole brood of tyranny and oppressionare traceable to the stupendous apostacy of theCourier's idol, and it knows it. It is on this account,therefore, that it denounces this act of injusticeand cruelty as the work of Free Soilers. Itknows where the guilt belongs, but is too cowardlyto own it. Courier Courier's Does the Courier know that there is an armedexpedition now on its way from the United Statesto Japan, to call the Japanese to account for a lawsimilar to that of Illinois, but far less atrocious,inasmuch as it does not apply to their own countrymen?We should like Tor the Courier to tell uswhether the friends or enemies of slavery are responsiblefor the Jaw of Japan. If it does notknow, we would advise it to consider the subject. Courier Courier It will be a sad day for the world when thereare not men in it good enough and brave enoughto denounce and defy unjust laws. We trust inGod that such a day of shame and sadness willnever throw its shadow on this continent, notwithstandingthe responsibility which the Courier attachesto agitation. Courier 
