 HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, March 17. OUSE OF EPRESENTATIVES Mr. STEARNS, of Mansfield, asked leave to introducethe following resolves, desiring their referenceto the Committee on the Madiai family:— TEARNS Whereas, the State of Illinois has passed a law,approved by the Governor, February 12, 1853, togo into immediate effect, which provides as follows:— 'Sec. 3. If any negro or mulatto, bond or free,shall come into the State and remain ten days, withthe evident intention of residing in the same, everysuch negro or mulatto shall be deemed guilty of ahigh misdemeanor, and for the first offence shallbe fined the sum of fifty dollars, to be recovered beforeany Justice of the Peace in the county wheresuch negro or mulatto may be found. Said proceedingsshall be in the name of the people of theState of Illinois, and shall be tried by a jury oftwelve men. The person making the informationor complaint shall not be a competent witness uponsaid trial. Sec. 4. If said negro or mulatto shall be foundguilty, and the fine assessed be not paid forthwithto the Justice of the Peace before whom said proceedingswere bad, it shall be the duty of said Justiceto commit said negro or mulatto to the custodyof the sheriff of said county, or otherwise keep him,her or them, in custody; and said Justice shallforthwith advertise said negro or mulatto, by postingup notices thereof in at least three of the mostpublic places in the district, which said noticesshall be posted up for ten days, and on the day,and at the time and place mentioned in said advertisement,the said Justice shall, at public auction,proceed to sell said negro or mulatto to anyperson or persons who will pay said fine and costfor the shortest time; and said purchaser shallhave the right to compel said negro or mulattoto work for and serve out said time, and he shallfurnish said negro or mulatto with comfortablefood, clothing and lodging, during said servitude. Sec. 5. If said negro or mulatto shall not, withinten days after the expiration of his, her or theirterm of service, as aforesaid, leave the State, be,she or they shall be liable to a second prosecution,in which the penalty to be inflicted shall be onehundred dollars; and so on for every subsequentoffence this penalty shall be increased fifty dollarsover and above the last penalty inflicted; and thesame proceedings shall be bad in each case as isprovided for in the preceding section for the firstoffence. 'Sec. 10. Every person who shall have one-fourthnegro blood, shall be deemed a mulatto.' Therefore, Resolved, That we consider this lawof the State of Illinois as in direct violation of thesocial compact which binds us together as States;that it is in direct violation of the Declarationof American Independence, which says that 'allmen an created equal; and have certain inalienablerights,—among them an life, liberty,and the pursuit of happiness;' that it is in violationof the preamble to the Constitution ofthe United States, which says it was 'formed topromote the general welfare, and to secure theblessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity,'&c.; that it is contrary to the 4th article, 2dsection of said Constitution, which says, 'thecitizens of each State shall be entitled to allprivileges and immunities of citizens of the severalstates'; that that it is contrary to the 4th sectionof the same article in said Constitution, whichreads, 'the United States shall guarantee to everyState in this Union a republican form of government;'that this law is therefore anti-republicanand unconstitutional. Resolved. That the said law of Illinois is in directviolation of the plain dictates of humanity, aswell as in violation of the Constitution of theUnited States, and cannot but be looked upon withabhorrence by every Christian throughout theworld, and ought to be immediately repealed. Resolved, That the government of the State ofIllinois be requested to take measures, at theearliest opportunity, to ban the aforesaid law repealed;to this end, it is proposed that a copy ofthese resolutions be transmitted to the Governor ofsaid State of Illinois, without delay. On motion of Mr. BOOTH, of Boston, the resolveswere referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
