 My Dear Father: My Dear Father: You have been but too correctly informed by thenewspapers. I am indeed in prison, and would haveinformed you sooner, but how could I pain your kindheart by the sad news? Oh, with a father's tenderness,you roared me and have loved me, and in yourold days, I have brought sorrow and affliction uponyou. It pains me, my father, it pains me to myheart's core. You say, in your letter to the Clerkhero, that I left you with a character untarnished.My father, you will believe me, you will love me, letthe world say what they will of me—I have committedno crime, been guilty of no deed that ought tobring reproach or censure upon any one. No, I.for whom you feel so much solicitude, although I amin prison and may never see you again in this world,have not stained your name with infamy by the commissionof any crime. I am charged here with havingcirculated abolition documents. Now, my father,you will believe me, I have circulated no documentsof any kind in the State of South Carolina,nor violated any law of the State, so far as I know.Bear it is mind that I tell you so, and although deathmay close my eyes in eternal sleep before I ever seeyou again, when you shall hear that appearances areagainst me, and see my name aspersed in the publicprints, remember what I told you, and treasure it upin your heart that I am innocent—that I am the victimof the schemes, misconduct, and infatuation ofothers, and that I now suffer for what others havedone, and for which they ought to be responsible, abolition documents. no documents My story is simply this: I came here as the agentof E. Harwood &Co., of Cincinnati, to procure materialsfor publishing a Gazetteer. I came here in theearly part of the season, intending to go north asthe weather grew warmer, and finally around to ourold home in Virginia—thence to Cincinnati and toDublin. I found documents afloat in the State whichwere obnoxious to the people, and which gave mesome trouble as people suspected me of having sameconnection with them. But knowing myself clear oftheir circulation, I felt no fears, and proceeded withmy labors. I came to this place with an anxiousheart, for I had written to Sarah, and expected ananswer at this place from one whom I tenderly love,my dear sister. As soon as I had taken lodgings ata hotel, the people came upon me with two letters,one from Dublin, which I was much pleased to see,but on opening it, oh Sarah, it pained me, it was notfrom you. Why did you not, my dear sister, writeme a simple letter as I requested? Than perhapsmight I have ped this prison. But I don'tblame you in the least—nor do I blame Mr. Johnson,for I know he intended me no harm, but his letter injuredme. The other letter was anonymous, and containeda few Non of this same obnoxious document,which the writer requested me to circulate. It wasenough—the people were excited, and threw me intoprison intently—where I have since remained.(This was on the 8th of June.) Since then, otherdocuments have been sent me, making the same request.The documents were all closely enveloped,addressed to per in the State, and I was requestedto drop them into post offices along my way.And thus I was made to circulate them withoutknowing what they were. Bur I did not circulateany of them. The first that came to me was atthis place, and there is perhaps nothing is the lawagainst me: at least, the attorneys I have employedend my own  is, that there is little or nochance of convicting me. I can prove by my employerswhat I came here for, and if I could findthe man who sent me the document, which I mayyet do, that they were sent to me without my knowledgeof consent, And this ought certainly to setme clear—especially slave they can have nothingagainst the  vague circumstances. The peopleare en, however, and it will be hard for me tohave a ir hearing. The pty is one thousanddollars fine, and one year's imprisonment in thecountry prison. I can be  out at one thousanddollars, and this must be in  depended .           
