 When Father Mathew out his foot upon this soil,he probably assumed he should in all things havethe toleration which is part of our social polity. Hedid not think that his doctrine, which went cathedeven by the intolerance of the old conion; wouldbe rudely interrogated here. When we saw the generousunanimity with which, the press of Americawelcomed him, and bid him God-spend, we thoughtthe same. But the strong, domieering propertiesof our nature will also show themselves in from republics.    From the moment Father Mathew came here, Mr.Lloyd Garrison, the editor of the Abolitionist newspaper,the Liberator, had his eye upon him. Perhapshe regarded with astonishment the success andpopularity of the Irish Friar, and wished to know thesecret of these. At all events, he showed a desire tofraternise—to club philanthropies—to put FatherMathew along side himself into Abolitionist harness.He made up his mind, that unless the Catholic Missionarystruck hands with him, and raged on un antislaveryplatform, he was no philanthropist at all! Afoolish conclusion;—foolishly and rudely acted on. Liberator He went to ask Father Mathew to join the Abolitionists.Father Mathew sagaciously and properlyrefused—saying that his own slavery-abolitionismwas enough for his powers. Garrison then broughtto his recollection that he, along with O'Connell, hadsigned an abolition Address to the American Irish,in 1842. 'This he said, tempting him.' But it wasno go. Father Mathew said—most truly, that hewas no friend to slavery: but he did not intend toinjure the success of a mission which was Catholic inits character and irrespective of parties, by performingthe part of a partisan in the most furious debatein America. An answer full of good sense; thoughhe might have substituted ge, Suthas, for allreply, instead of it. Philanthropist Garrison thengoes and puts a colored account of this interviewin his paper—denouncing in bitter terms the refusalof Father Mathew to go upon an abolitionist platform—and making the signing of a petition, in Ireland,seven years ago, and the reluctance to join the vehementwarfare of our American parties, now, lookas much like inconsistency as he could. For which,every body thinks Mr. Garrison a fierce-hearted sonof an Inquisitor, in the first place, and in the next, aZanga, in his desire to punish the Temperance Missionarybecause he would not be a Garrison Abolitionist. ge, Suthas   colored In the name of common sense, why should Garrisonforce himself or his views upon the Irish missionary?What have they in connexion? Garrison isa violent reformer—running a mok (as the Malayssay) against everything in his way, and outraging,with a stern intolerance, every feeling and convictionthat is not with him. His tongue is a two-edgedsword—and to get a lick with the rough side of it isnot to be thought of. Look at the mildness, the tenderness,the benevolence of the Irishman, in the propagationof his doctrine! But we ask Father Mathew'spardon, for bringing him into this juxtaposition,though he must see that we really cannot avoid it.We repeat, what right had Mr. Garrison to supposethat Father Mathew would make himself subservientto the fanatical few who are damaging the sacredcause of human freedom in Massachusetts? Didour countryman come here with his European renown—the purest that ever pilgrim or missionarywore—to be hawked about by Mr. Garrison and Mr.Phillips—to have his honored head exposed to theoutrage or the obloquy which these termagant philanthropistshave earned for themselves? a mok Mr. Garrison insults Father Mathew, because hedoes not make the denunciation of negro-slavery apart of his mission. Why does Garrison stop there?Why not abuse him became he does not go aboutpreaching against the vile habit of swearing and imprecating—against the use of tobacco—against thetyranny of kings—against fornication—any of whichare, in the aggregate, as great curses to society, asthe slavery of the American blacks? Why doe hesuppose this last the only great evil, or devil, to becast out of modern civilization? Why do his sympathiesrun rabid in one direction? Mr. Garrisonsays Father Mathew's doctrine in narrow; 'tis hisown doctrine is narrow; his own heart is narrow, andonly all the more tumultuous and vehement forthat very narrowness. only great evil run rabid tis hisown doctrine is narrow; his own heart is narrow Father Mathew's philanthropy is an broad as theearth he walks on—as the sky he walks under; hehas that large toleration which ever belongs to thosewho are most God-like. He gets off the cloak likethe Sun in the Fable. He has no bitterness of heart.He does not curse the barley-grower, or the hop-grower,or the distiller, or the retailer,—he does noteven curse the Excise man or the Chancellor of theExchequer—which would be nearer the mark. Hedoes his business with a blameless tongue, and aconscience void of offence against any man. Onthe contrary, Garrison blows like Bores, vainly. Hewould establish his own partial ends on the ruin ofgreat things. Astride his desperate hobby-horse,and looking out between its ears, he would trampledown Christianity—and this republic Constitution—on his way. To carry out his crotchet, he wouldkindle a civil war in this federal family—he would,and he does outrage the hospitalities due to virtueand the stranger. large toleration  What has such a man in common with FatherMathew, that they should go forth together? Mr.Garrison is where he was ten years ago; the IrishMissionary has made himself the man of two hemispheres—likeLafayette. The latter conciliates thesternest opponents of his class and creed; Mr. Garrisondisgusts alike the believes in his creed, andthe advocated of the cause! We perceive that, following the violent exampleof Gamaliel Garrison, one Rogers want to interroFather Mathew! one day last week, and give backthe medal he had taken,—using at the same time insolentlanguage. interro  What will be the effect of such unmanly, suchoutrageous behavior, on the part of Garrison and hisfollowers? Why, that the good cause—for it is agood cause—which has been so deplorably compromisedby the manner of their advocacy, will be nowfurther damaged. For, we are happy to perceive,the press is honorably and hospitably justifying thegood sense of Father Mathew, in shaing the insidiouscoalition, and denouncing the rude andintolerance of Mr. Garrison.   The idea of putting the amiable and moderateFather Mathew in the way of being mobbed by hisSouthern audience! -The wickedness of perilingthe existence of his mission, North and South, by thetaint of their frenzied Abolitionism! But the mostastounding part of the jobs is, that Garrison saysFather Mathew has injured his influence, in refusingto adopt the principles and plan of the said Garrison!Jtis out! Jtis out!  
