 Mr. A. CAMPBELL, and his colleague Mr. JHENSHALL, from Virginia. U.S., are at presentlecturing throughout Scotland on Christian Union;and, as the people of this country ought to be verycautious in entering into Christian Union with personswhose general principles are Unknown tothem, they are hereby warned against holdingChristian fellowship with these gentlemen, untilthey have ascertained from them their views uponthe all-important question of SLAVERY! Christian Union; Mr. CAMPBELL asserts that Slavery, consideredin itself, is not sinful—is not opposed to theprinciples and spirit of Christianity—and that theSaviour and his Apostles sanctioned the practiceof man holding property in man; and he admitsthat he is in religious fellowship with Slaveholders—that the Churches with which be is connectedin America receive some of these INHUMANTYRANTS into Communion—and, further, that inthese Churches the Black and White Members d,not sit together—that, in fact, the NEGRO PEWSystem is rigidly adhered to. Here is one of the laws of Virginia, the Statefrom which these gentlemen come a— 'All meetings of Slaves at any meeting house, orat any school or schools, for learning to READ orwrite, in the day or night, shall be deemed an unlawfulmeeting.'—Virginia Code of 1819. write, in the day or night Virginia Code of What have these men done to get these Infamouslaws abolished? What haws they done toloose the bends of wickedness—to undo the heavyburdens—to let its oppressed go free? For the sake of suffering humanity—for the sakeof the THREE MILLIONS OF YOUR FELLOW-CREATURESgroaning under the cruelbondage of Amor Slavery—People of Scotland,see that you do not in any way countenance thatabominable system; beware lest yon, in any degree,sacrifice year well-known Anti-Slavery principles,by apparently assenting to the absurd opinionof these men en this matter. Pretest againsttheir pro-slavery vows—tell them that you canhave no connection with them, until they go homeand urge upon their Slaveholding brethren to ceaseto do evil, to learn to do well, to seek judgment, andto EMANCIPATE ALL THEIR SLAVES!  People of Scotland ceaseto do evil, to learn to do well, to seek judgment, andto Kirkcaldy, August 13, 1847. What an insult to the people of Scotland for mento cross the Atlantic to teach them and Christianity andyet so very ignorant of the first principles of it, viz.,'Douanto others as ye would wish others to do untoyou!' Let them go back to Virginia, and unite withthe abolitionists of the North in endeavoring to strikethe fetters from the poor downtrodden slave and thenthey will be in a position to lecture upon 'Christianunion,' bat not till then. They very much mistakethe character of the people of Scotland, if theythink that they will be gulled by. sophistry intotheir views upon slavery. The people of this countryare a free-living free-thinking people; andCampbell &c Co. may rest assured that no cant, nosophistical reasoning, no Jesuitical humbugging, willdeter then from their purpose, or alter in the slightestdegree thor well founded, views upon -stealingThey hold the opinion that every individual human beings, or holds one againsthis will, is a man-thief, and guilty most infamoussins that it is possible to commit, andtherefore on worthy of any countenance, supportor Christian fellowship. -stealing    Yours, faithfully, in the cause of the shave, L. 
