 DEAR FRIEND: EAR RIEND: Scotland his arisen in its anti-slavery might; theRev. Alexander Campbell, of Virginia, U.S., haslanded on our shores to indoctrinate us with his peculiartheological views. Unluckily for him, butluckily for the cause of freedom, he made Edinburghthe place of his first preaching in Scotland. Hardly ha he made his presence known, whenthe following placard was posted up over the' wholecity:  The Rev. Alexander Campbell, Virginia, U.S.America, has been a slaveholder, himself, and is stillthe defender of manstealers!' slaveholder, himself defender of manstealers! The following is an extract from the 'MillennialHarbinger' for April, 185, of which Mr. Campbellacknowledges himself the author:  'Is the simple relation of master and slave necessarilyand essentially immoral and unchristian—asthat, for example, of the adulterer and adulteress?We are clearly and satisfactorily convinced it is not.It would be, in our most calm and deliberate Judgment,a sin against every dispensation of religion—Patriarchil, Jewish, and Christian—to suppose thatthe relationship of master and slave was in its verynature and being a sin against both God and man.' We are clearly and satisfactorily convinced it is not. In May of the same year, he declares further,'There is not one, verse, in the Bible inhibiting it,but many regulating it. It is not, then, we conclude,immoral' These were followed by other quotations from Mr.Campbell's works, strongly pro-slavery in their tone,Which so insert would but needlessly trespass onyour space. your space. In the evening of the day the above appeared,Campbell held one of his devotional meetings, and,during his discourse, told the audience, that the placardwas a tissue of falsehoods. Now it so happensthat, before the placard was printed. James Robertson,the Secretary of the Anti-Slavery Society,along with two friends, called on A. Campbell, andread over to him the extracts that were afterwardsprinted. The American Divine frankly admitted thesentiments to be his. devotional A. American Divine James Robertson, immediately, on being informedof Campbell's charge of false hood, issued anotherplacard, exposing the lying cunning of Dr. Campbell,along with a challenge to him, to defend hisposition with regard slavery. Alas! the vacated of Robert Owen quailed before the anti-slaverypower of Edinburgh. He did set meetRobertson, but delivered a lecture on slavery, defendingit from the Bible. The audience listenedimpatiently to his blasphemy, for upwards of twohours, and he made his exit  groans of abhorrenceand disgust.   The Anti-Slavery Society has been informed ofhis intended route through Scotland, and has sentforward the 'Beware' placard to the towns and villageswhich he is to visit, He is sure of a warm reception.He will return to America, and tell hisbrother divines that Scotland loathes the apologistfor slavery, and regards him as a moral .  The Commission of the Free Church (a churchCourt having equal authority with the General Assembly)has just risen. Net one word has been saidabout slavery, not a single allusion made to the letterfrom America; but  how eloquent, how movingwre she speeches that denounced travelling onSunday! Oh! how the Commission rejoiced, wheninformed that two Railway Companies had resolvednot to carry out the pale mechanic and the piningseamstress from the smoky city, to look for once inseven days on the  of God's heavens, and onthe flowers with which He hath begemmed the fields.Much they eared for the violation of a formal observance;nothing for the imbruting of their millionsisters and brothers. Free    nothing Cunningham has seen crested Principal of theFree Church Collage, and Candlis joint Professorof Theology! What a pair of D.D.'s!! TheTheology of the former is, that 'Anti-Slavery is ofthe Devil'! of the latter, that, 'God has placed men insuch circumstance where it would be a sin to emancipatetheir slaves'!!  'Anti-Slavery is ofthe Devil'! God has placed men insuch circumstance where it would be a sin to emancipatetheir slaves'!! Before this letter reaches you, Henry C. Wrightwill be on his homeward voyage. Calm was andprosperous gales be with him, and a happy meetingwith his beloved friends. Your for oppressed Humanity, RICHARD THURROW. 
