 We find in the Winyan Intelligencer, publishedat Georgetown, South Carolina, the following notice: 'The poor laborers on Black River, and in thatneighborhood, are in a state of starvation, many ofthem being without corn or meal, and none of themhaving meat. The occasion calls for the aid of thecharitable, and efforts will he made to obtain relieffor them.' Who are those 'poor laborers?' There is a chum of poor whites in the Carolinas,and most of the Southern States, peculiar in character,and unknown generally to the country. Theyare called Sand-hillers. They are so called becausethey cluster together in the poorest regions, andthere live by hunting, fishing, raising a little stock,making tar and charcoal, and attending to poultry.They are very ignorant. Not one out of fiftycan read or write; and what is worse, they changenot, as time winnows down the old and suppliestheir places with the young. As is the sire, so isthe son. Sand-hillers. And these Sand-hillers are as peculiar in dressand look, as they are in character. You know themwhenever you see them. They are marked in anycrowd. Dressed always in the plainest homespun,homemade, and widely cut often without shoes,but when using them wearing the coarsest kind,with slouched hats of cheapest texture, having noblood in their cheeks, their eyes black, and theirhair lank, they are as distinct a race as the Indian.In some respects they are not unlike them. Theylove to roam the woods, and be free there: to gettogether for frolic or fun; to fish and hunt; tochase wild cattle; but here the similarity ends;for they are wanting in personal daring, and inthat energy of character that makes a men. Wedo not know one of them who ever gained stationin society, or became distinguished by his deeds.And it is this class to whom the Georgetown Intelligenceralludes, we conclude, when it speaks ofthe 'Door laborers' on Black River, and neighborhood. marked How came they in their present condition? Their history is quickly told. It is a and one,and we can never think of it without sorrow. In the early settlement of the Carolinas, everybody pressed upon the water-courses. Poor aswell as rich made lodgment upon, or near theirbank. There were, at first, very few negroes; consequentlythe latter needed the labor of the formerto house their crops and clear their lands. All gotalong well, then. But the slave-traffic, with its accursedills, began soon after, and, by and by, plantershad their places stocked with slaves. As theseslaves increased, the poor began to feel their degradation.A bitter hatred grew up between theseclasses. It led often to open violence. The largerplanters, in consequence, began to buy up thepoor men's hand, and the poor men, in turn, becameanxious to sell. And they did so. Butwhere were they to go? South of Carolina wasa wilderness; the good lands on the water-coursesin the State, were in possession of rich planters.They had no alternative left, is they thought, butto herd together on the Sand-hills, where they andtheirs still live. Their choice of piece is significant enough oftheir feeling, and of the cause of their removal.They made their location in neighborhoods whereneither large nor small planters could molest them.They get where they could five without being disturbed,or worried by the continued sight of slaves.Now and then yon will find n few of the moredebased sort gathered dose by towns; but generallythey are some ten, or fifteen, or twenty mileshack. What the hind would yield which they calltheir own—for often they 'squat,' as the phrase is,on the State's or other's property—it is difficult tosay. But the best of it on an average would not returnten bushels of corn to the acre; the most ofit not five. They grew sweet potatoes melons, alittle cotton for home use, and now and then a bag,or half a bag for market. But things we wherethey are, and as they are, because slavery, withits biting social evils, heat them away from thericher soil, end keeps them hopelessly down anddebased on the barren hills. cause What are their peculiarities of mind? The fact that they left the neighborhood of large,plantations, and sought a sort of wild-wood libertyshows that they have some notions of personal freedom.They have. But they are very crude, itwas their condition which induced us to think firston the subject of slavery, and we endeavored inconjunction with the lamented Grimke, to hitupon some plan by which we could improve this.We sought them out in their hovel-homes. Weendeavored to win their regard, and secure theirconfidence. We succeeded in this, but we failedwholly, In every effort to induce them to changetheir mode of life. The ruling ides uppermost intheir minds seemed to be, hatred of labor, under theconviction that it degraded them, because it putthem on an equality with the slaves. An dotewill illustrate this feeling. hatred of labor  One of their number had a fine, intelligent boy.He was one that would have attracted notice inany boyhood garnering. We proposed so the fatherthat he should be educated. 'Let him go withus to town,' said we, 'and we will send him toschool and see what can be done with him' 'Andwhat then?' asked he, eyeing us, as if suspiciousthat something wrong was to follow. 'Why,' wecontinued, 'when he has been educated, we cansend him to the carriage maker, Mr. C., and lethim learn a trade. 'Never.!; he quickly, almostfiercely, rejoined, with a harsh oath. 'My sonshall never work by the side of year negroes, andMr. —'s negroes, (calling certain planters'names whose slaves were being taught the trade)and be ordered about by Mr. C. as he ordered themshout.' He was fixed. No argument, entreaty,appeal to  could move him. The idea uppermostin his mind was the idea of his class—thatlabor was degrading; and he would rather his sonshould be free in the forest, If ignorant, than debasedin the city, though educated, by a .   What hope is there for them? We are none. Nothing, certainly, but the removalof slavery  induce them to change theirpresent condition. They will not labor in the fieldwhile they think it degrading; nor become artisansor mechanics white slaves are such. As foreducating them, scattered as they are, the effortseems almost hopeless! Up and down the riverwhere these 'poor laborers,' that the South Carolinapaper talks of, live, and all around Georgetown,there are large rice and cotton estates. Manyof the owners of them ore very wealthy; a majorityrich. Yet there is no sort of connection, or sympathybetween these planters and the Sand-hillers!They are as far apart as two races ll can be.We speak now of social separation; for we aresure the moment they beard the 'poor laborers'were starving, these planters did what was necessary,and more, to relieve their wants. But, wefear coming time will find them as they are now—alone, Ignorant, degraded; tho victims of a blightingcurse'   The condition of these Sand-hillers illustratesthe effect of slavery in its extreme, or when pushedto its farthest limit Take one town, near the contreof South Carolina, and make a line for tenmiles south of it along the river on one side, lookingthree miles back, and we question whetheryou will find over ten planters! They have suchfrom one hundred to two, three, four or five hundredslaves! Many of these slaves too, are mechanics!Necessarily, therefore, the towns wane, the poorerclasses emigrate, as well as the young and enterprising;and the ignorant, or Sand-hill class, escapeto the barrens for freedom! according to theirnotion of it. So much for the a poor laborers' of Black Riverand its neighborhood! for the unfortunate Sand-hillersof the Carolinas! 
