 MESSRS. EDITORS—Will you permit me, throughthe columns of your paper, to address a few linesto my numerous friends, at the North, on one ofthe most delicate and exciting questions of theday? What I have to say shall be said kindly. ESSRS. DITORS On a question of such magnitude as Slavery—involvingas it does the interests of millions, and itmay be, the destiny of two continents, I shouldnot presume to lift a pen were it not that my opportunitiesof a personal and intimate acquaintancewith the subject have been somewhat peculiar. Slavery Being a native of New England, and imbibingas I did at an early age, an utter at horrence of thesystem—resisting afterwards nearly twenty yearsin different slave State—travelling frequently andextensively in the every State in the Union, where slaveryexists—addressing large and popular assembliesof both colors—aiding in the promotion ofSabbath Schools and Bible classes among theblacks—conversing freely with muster and slave,meeting the relation they sustain to each other,and the feelings of mutual dependence and attachmentsbetween them—together with seven years'residence abroad, listening to the most exciting debateson the subject, in Exeter Hall, London, andelsewhere—and now a resident of New York,where every variety of opinion is freely discussedand, though last not least, never having had anypecuniary interests whatever involved in the question,may, perhaps, entitle my remarks to as muchconsideration as those of many others who havenever travelled south of Mason's and Dixon's line. The object of this letter is simply to correctsome erroneous impressions, as to the real characterof slavery in this country. The prevailing impression at the North is, thatthe cruel treatment of the slave, and his consequentsufferings, are such as to demand his immediateemancipation. This is one of the most cogentreasons urged, why we should take no timeto consult the future good and interests, either ofthe master or the slave. And to deepen the impression,the most frightful pictures of sufferingsand cruelty have been drawn, and held up to theimagination, till the heart has become sick, andevery name of slave is associated in the mindwith all the horrors of the 'middle passage,' andthe racks and tortures of the inquisition. Now,with all due respect to the opinions of others, I do knowthat such impressions are not in accordancewith facts. slave opinions I do know On this subject the Southern character is eithernot understood, or grossly, though I would hopeunintentionally misrepresented. Bold and chivalrousas is a Son hern man in a contest with hisequals, nothing is more despicable in his eyes thana petty tyrant, who exhibits his prowess only ininflicting wrongs and injuries upon the helplessand unprotected. Naturally high-minded, nobleand generous in feelings and sentiments, he isfound magnanimous and kind in spirit towards hisdependants. As a general fact, I doubt whether there can befound a class of people in the world that sufferless, mentally or physically, than the colored populationof the South. None, who have fewer caresand troubles; who wear happier faces; are morejovial and merry—and who sing louder and sweeterthan they. For the truth of this, I appeal to everyman who has visited the South, and examined thissubject for himself, with an unprejudiced and animpartial mind. Exceptions I know there are,but these no more prove the general truth on thissubject, than do the convicts in the penitentiariesof New England prove that all the old Puritans ofit land of steady habits are grinding in the prison house.Hence, when a Northern man entersthe Southern States for the first time, and witnessesfamiliarity and kindness between master andservant, he exclaims with wonder, 'where are thelong whips, the scourges, the groans and tears, ofwhich I have heard so much?' And often have Iseen the tear start in the stranger's eye, at beholdingthe ecstacy of joy, with which these dependinggather round their master, on his return froma long absence, seizing his hand, and seeming tovie with each other in manifesting their love andattachment to him. And while writing the foregoingsentence, I have had to lay aside my pen, toin to a touching incident, that illustrates thestrength of this attachment, and has drawn tearsfrom my own eyes. In old colored matron, the mother of seventeen children,on learning my name, and rememberingthat I was a warm friend to the colored people,came to see me, and wished to know, 'if I had notbeen to her old master's house, more than twentyyears ago?' On reminding me who he was, I answeredin the affirmative, and then inquired of hishealth and that of her mistress. She burst intotears, and after struggling with her feelings forsame time, she replied,' My dear old master andmistress are both in heaven, and it is only aboutthree months since my poor mistress died—and oh!I shall never forget the day she was buried; whenI returned from the grave, I thought my heartwould break—yes,' said she, 'for more than thirtyyears, we had bowed the knee together in prayerevery day, but we shall pray no more together onearth—but thank the Lord,' she exclaimed, 'I shallmeet them in heaven!' On inquiring who herpresent mistress was, 'Oh, I live with my youngmistress now, and dear creature, she is like one ofmy own children,' added she, 'for I have nursedher from an infant, and bless God she is a Christiantoo! 'Yes,' continued she,' the Lord be praised,I think all my own children are Christians too—one of my sons is a preacher, and we are all tryto follow the good advice of our dew old mastermistress, that we may; meet them in heaven.'In order to test the strength of her attachment tofamily. I asked her, if she would not like to befree. 'No freer than I am,' said she, 'it is my mis-tress' pleasure to please me, and my pleasure to pleaseher—I stay with her in the city in thewinter, and go to the plantation, and stay with mychildren in the summer—and hear my sonpreach, and do as I please—and what more can Iwant in this world?' When this old Christianmother left me, I asked myself, whether it wouldkindness to tear her away from all her attachmentsand early associations, and run her off toCanada to die in want and penury under the mistakenidea that the enjoyment of unrestrained libertywould be ample compensation for all the foodraiment, the care and affection she now enjoys, and in which she is so perfectly contentedhappy?. And whatever may be the opinionsthere I was satisfied in giving to her Paul'sadvice, 'obey your master in the Lord, for that isright; persevere? in well doing; pray for your children,that God may prepare them for still richerblessings, which I believe be has in store for yournation and your people.' seventeen children, unrestrained liberty Another erroneous impression at the North is,the Southern slaves are pushed, and driven,over-worked; but the truth is that one whitelaborer at the North performs more labor than anytwo slaves at the South. And this accounts, forthe fact, that runaway slaves are never known tothe field, and work shoulder to shoulder withwhite man. He knows full well that theamount of labor that satisfied his Southern master,never satisfy the close, calculating man of theNorth. Hence, the should these idlers thatswarm about the outskirts of our Northern cities,a few of whom become cutlers, barbers, hack-driversand the like, while the majority plungeinto the deepest dens of pollution sod vice, becomevagrants, and live and die a curse to themselvesand society. The purlieus of New York, andSouthwark of Philadelphia furnish ample testimonyto this fact. And the plain incontrovertibletruth on this subject is, that the slaves of the Southas a class, are better provided for, enjoy more comforts,are more temperate and virtuous, 'come moreIn contact with religious truth, are more susceptibleof its influences, sot more contented and happy,than the free colored population in any part ofour country. And many are the instances, knownto me, of runaway slaves writing and beggingpermission of their maser to return home, declaringthey have been deceived, and in some cases,where their seducers have left them to utter destitutionand wretchedness, their masters, rather thanreceive then back, sand them money to supplytheir wants. Now, this by no means proves slaveryto be right, it only proves that immediate, indiscriminate,and unconditional emancipation,without any regard to the future good of the slave,is radically wrong—it is an injustice to the slave.But, if in sympathizing with the suffering slave,our minds can find any relief by contrasts, wechallenge a comparison of his condition in thisland of ease and plenty, with that of the ignorant,vicious, famishing millions of the lower classes allover the papal world, and in every point of view,whether we regard their temporal comforts, theirreligious instruction, or the standard of moralityamong them—our slaves are vastly their superiors.And if we go still farther, and draw a comparisonbetween the African here, though slaves, andtheir brethren in their native land, in all their cruelbarbarism and beastly degradation, we see almostan infinite advance in their character and condition,and to the eye of faith, it is toe harbinger of stillricher blessings. pushed driven,over-worked In a word, the history of the world does notfurnish an instance of a people that have emergedfrom a stale of perfect barbarism into that of comparativecivilization, more steadily and rapidly,than have the African slaves that have been transportedto this country; and their present condition,whether it relates to the comforts of thislife, or to the hopes of that which is to come, isinfinitely better, more tolerable, and more desirablethan that of three-fourths of the imputation of theglobe. But what does all this prove?—that slaveryis right? Not at all—it only proves that many atender heart has been made to bleed over miseriesthat have had no existence—they have been weepingin despair, while they should rejoice in hope.They have been ready to curse God and die, whilethey should bless Him, and live, trust in Him, andpray. It proves, that in this wretched world, thereis misery enough to satisfy the most morbid appetitewithout the aid of the imagination, and thatthe true friend of the slave is he, who regards hisfuture good, and by patient perseverance is endeavoringto prepare him for freedom, and preparehim a place to enjoy it. In further confirmation ofthis, we shall furnish a few facts in our next. Yours, &c, E.N. SAWTELL, 
