 There is a heresy—a moat dangerous and death-dealingheresy—prevalent among both white andcolored people in this land, in regard to the abolitionof slavery. It may be best expressed in thelanguage of its own choice, to wit: 'Slavery willbe abolished just when the Lord shall will its abolition.That white persons, especially pro-slaveryministers, and hypocritical Doctors of Divinity,should use this miserable cant, does not excite mysurprise as much as my indignation; but that coloredpersons should be gulled and lulled into astate of indifference about their rights on such aplea, fills me with unmingled mortification. It isa delusion and a snare, to think that Almighty Godwill undertake for us any farther than we undertakefor ourselves. His work is done; ours aloneremains to be done. God's work is as complete in the moral and intellectualelements of creation as it is in the physicalworks of creation, and we hove as much rightto expect that he will make the corn to grow andgive us an abundant harvest, without effort on ourpart, as to expect that we shall be a free and happypeople, without effort on our part. If there be onething in our people which I abominate more thananother, it is their everlasting preying for blessingswhich they are unwilling to labor for. I remember,when a slave, I used to pray that the Lordwould give me freedom. I preyed thus three years,and was as far from getting: my freedom in thatway the third year as the first; and I might haveprayed in slavery until this time, had I net 'prayedwith my heels.' Our works must be consistent wishour prayers, otherwise they are as abominationsbefore God. We shall redeem the slave at theSouth, and obtain equal rights at the North, just sosoon as we have used faithfully used those means whichGod and Nature have placed within our reach, andnot before. The days of miracles have passed.Truth, Love and Justice are the instruments ofsalvation, and 'he only is free whom the Trashmakes free.' The Almighty will not make theignorant intelligent, the degraded respectable, thedrunken sober, nor the indolent industrious. Inthese respects man is to work out his own salvation,and God will bless him is the effort. prayedwith my heels. 'Let at then be up and doing,With a heart for any fate,Still achieving, still pursuing,Learn to labor and to unit.'    Yours, F  
