 A very numerous and respectable meeting of thecitizens of Edinburgh was held on Monday evening,in Brighton Street Church, called by the 'Anti-SlaverySociety, for the purpose of reviewing aspeech delivered by Alexander Campbell, of Virginia,at a public meeting in the Waterloo Rooms,Edinburgh, on the evening of Friday last, and alsoto pass several resolutions in connection with thatgentleman. Councillor Stott was called to the chair, and,having made a few introductory remarks, introducedthe Rev. James Robertson, the Secretary of theAnti-Slavery Society. Mr. Robertson said—The object which I havein view in appearing before you is to state the truepositions and opinions of the Rev. Alexander Campbellof America, in so far as these opinions and thatposition refer to the question of slaveholding. Thegentleman whose position and opinions are to bereviewed is by many years my senior. This I shalltry not to forget, either in the manner or the matterof my statements. Be it known, then, that Mr. Campbellis the founder and the acknowledgedleader of a class of professing Christians. Theadherents of this party, called, I believe, Campbellitesor disciples are most numerous in the Southernand Western States of the Republic. Thereare a few of them in Great Britain and in Ireland,and some of them I believe in Edinburgh. Mr.Campbell, speaking in the Lame of his brethren,declares that they take the Bible, the whole Bible,and nothing but the Bible, as their guide in faithand practice. This party, I believe, are termed essentialBaptists, that is, they hold that a personmust be immersed in water in order to obtain thepardon and forgiveness of their God. (Disapprobation.)Mr. Campbell declares that none can enjoythe peace of God, or the hope of forgiveness,but those who are born of water, or immersed forthe remission of their sins. I quote from theBiblical Repository of 1840, and I believe this isone of the peculiarities of the sect of which Mr.Campbell is the lender. He is come over to Britainfor the purpose of promoting his views upontheological, ecclesiastical, and ritual matters; hehad a right, and is at perfect liberty to do so. Iam asked what right I have to interfere with himin the propagation of his views? My answer is,that he was once a slaveholder, and is at presentthe ally and friend of menstealers. I deem it rightthat the people of Britain should be fully awareof this gentleman in regard to the important questionof American slavery. I took such steps aswould compel Mr. Campbell to divulge his viewsin reference to slavery and slaveholding; and ashe complains bitterly of the treatment which hehas received in Edinburgh, I shall state all I havedone, and shall leave my fellow-citizens to pronouncean opinion on my conduct in this affair.Mr. Robertson then detailed, at great length, theresults of several interviews which he, as the secretaryof the Anti-Slavery Society, had had withMr. Campbell. He had ultimately challengedMr. Campbell to discuss the subject of slavery beforean Edinburgh audience: Mr. Campbell declinedaccepting this challenge, assigning as a reasonhis previous engagements, and stating, at the sametime, that lie was not afraid to avow his opinionsbefore any community, as they were contained inthe word of God. He further stated that, were heto take up the same ground as the Anti-Slavery Society,and declare that slavery was condemned inthe Bible, and that slaveholders ought not to be admittedto the communion of the church, the wholesouth would be up against him, for they were allof the opinion that the Bible sanctioned the relationof slaveholder and slave. Mr. Robertsonthen stated that he asked Mr. Campbell how itcame to pass that they were so very anxious to preventthe slaves from getting bold of the Bible, for,if they were taught to read and understand the Bible,they would certainly submit humbly and peaceablyto slavery, if the Bible sanctioned the relation.Mr. C. answered for himself that he was infavor of abolition on certain terms and incertain conditions. Mr. R. then read the followingextract from an article on slavery,written by the President of the college to whichMr. Campbell belongs, and published in a workEntitled. The Church at it Is, published in Bostonin 1847:—' Thus did Jehovah stereotype his approbationof domestic slavery by incorporating it withthe Jewish religion, the only religion on earththat had the Divine sanction.' Mr. R. then readseveral extracts from the writings of Mr. Campbell,in which he endeavored to point out the necessaryrelation between the slaveholder and the slave; hethen referred to the challenge which he had givento Mr. Campbell, and to the sneaking, shufflingmanner in which he had met it. Mr. R. stated thathe was well, discuss the subject publicly, and notby writing, as he wished to conduct it, but he hadrecourse to a despicable shuffle to alter the wordsof the letter which was sent him. Mr. R. thenread some extracts from a letter received from afriend of Mr. Campbell's, Baptist, concerningMr. Campbell's views on the negro pew system.This letter stated Mr. C. was in favor of the negropew. He stated on the morning of Tuesday last,that he would not on any account sit at meat witha colored man. Mr. R. said, I want this fact to beknown throughout Scotland, England, and Ireland.I have no doubt that certain gentlemen inDublin will not forget it, and I feel quite sure thatmy friend Isaac. Nelson, in Belfast, will take careof him in the north; Ireland will do her duty. Iask this meeting to say whether Mr. Campbell hasbeen misrepresented, or whether anything has beensaid in the quotations given in our previous placard—his own writings being the judge. I wish slaveholdingholding ministers and slaveholding apologists toknow, that if they shall come to this country to enlightenthe public upon any subject, that they shallbe challenged and brought to the bar of publicopinion in regard to slavery, before they are permittedto instruct us upon) anything else. (Greatapplause.) Biblical Repository The Church at it Is Dr. Barby then proposed lbs first resolution.(see advertisement for resolutions.) see advertisement for resolutions. Mr. Hunter then proposed the resolution, regrettingthat Mr. Campbell refused to accept the challenge,as the cause of truth and humanity wouldthereby have been forwarded. Mr. Russell, a young gentleman, said to be a student,came forward, and with much sang froid defendedthe system of slave holding. He read variouspassages from the Bible substantiate his conclusion.Mr. Robertson supplied him with the followingone, which he seemed not to have fallen inwith:— 'He that stealeth a man and selleth him, ifhe he found in his hands, he shall surely be put todeath.' Mr. Russell continued his expositionamidst great disapprobation, arising chiefly from thefact of his reading from a version of the Bibletranslated by Dr. Campbell of Aberdeen, and differingvery much in its phraseology from the authorisedversion. froid Another young man, named Hamilton, rose forthe purpose of expressing his dissent from the resolution.It turned out, however, that he was neitherin favor of one party nor another, and beingcharged by some of the audience with beingan infidel, he wrought himself up into a monstrousfury, and was with difficulty brought to a calm positionby the timely intervention of the chairman. Mr. J.R. Reid proposed the third resolution. Mr. James Gulland seconded the motion, whichwas carried unanimously. The Chairman having made a few remarks, congratulatedthe meeting upon the manner in whichthey had conducted themselves. A vote of thanks having been passed, withgreat acclamation, to the chairman, the proceedingsterminated at 10 minutes to 12 o'clock. 
