 WM. LLOYD GARRISSON: M. LOYD ARRISSON DEAR FRIEND—By this post I have sent you aNon-Conformist newspaper, in which yon will seean account of one of the most remarkable triumphsfor the principles of anti- slavery, peace, &c., thathas been achieved for away years, viz., the electionof ear friend George Thompson for the Tower Hamlets.This is amongst the largest constituencies inEngland, there being upwards of 16,000 electors;and considering this, and also that the late memberswere strong supporters of government, and thereforewould have their influence and support, and besideskeeping in view that George Thompson createdmany enemies to himself by his stern advocacyof the rights of man, and by the bold and uncompromisingmanner in which he opposed the FreeChurch party for their late disgraceful conduct; andindeed the manner which be takes be expose everyparty who do not set consistently, the tremendousmajority which he obtained above his opponent inthe poll, (being upwards of 4000,) points out theelection of the Tower Hamlets to be the greatesttriumph for sound principles that has been achievedthroughout the country. It will carry with it amoral weight that will strike terror into the enemiesof our principles, and will be a powerful meansof advancing the principles of universal liberty. Noone can doubt that George Thompson will prove abright star in the next Parliament, and the sides of the oppressors. All honor to the TowerHamlets; the electors deserve the thanks of Britain,indeed of the world; they will no doubt get theuniversal thanks of the poor slaves throughout theworld, but especially those of America. EAR RIEND  There are at present two men from Virginia, U.S., lecturing throughout Scotland en 'ChristianUnion' and 'Primitive Christianity.' Their namesare Alexander Campbell and J. Henshall, whomight have done much good here, bad their 'ChristianUnion' principles bees sound; but it has beendiscovered that they held principles on the questionof slavery directly the reverse of these held by thegreat majority or the people of Scotland, and thereforeactive measures are being used to undeceive thepeople as to the principles of these men. Thefriends in Edinburgh ware the first to find out theirreal principles, and they immediately issued placardswarning the public against them. Campbell andHenshall assert that slavery is sanctioned both inthe Old and New Testament Scriptures, and thatJesus Christ and his apostles admitted the right ofman to bold property in his fellow-man. Theymoreover admit, that in, theirs churches the negro pewsystem is carried out in all its baseness. Inconsequence of those assertions and admissions, ofwhich they appeared quite confident, and were willingto take up any man upon their accuracy, ourfriend James Robertson, Secretary of the ScottishAnti-Slavery Society, challenged Campbell (he beingconsidered the most talented of the two), to apublic discussion in the following terms—viz:— S. negro pew 'The opinions you hold in America as the leaderof a sect—the opinions which yen have published isreference to slaveholding—the fact that you havebeen a slaveholder yourself, and did not relinquish itbecause of its sinfulness, but for other reasons—andthe fact that you bold religious fellowship with slaveholders,appear to me to reader it necessary thatyou shall not be permitted to quit the capital ofScotland without receiving a public challenge tovindicate, in the city of Edinburgh, and before aScottish audience, the position which you occupy inregard to American slavery. public challenge That challenge I hereby bag respectfully to present:to you, and declare that I am prepared to maintainthat your position and opinions on the questionof Americas slavery, and slaveholding, ass at onesungodly, unchristian, and inhuman.' ungodly, unchristian, and inhuman.' Campbell held a meeting m Edinburgh last Fridayevening, to explain his views on the subject ofslavery; and of this meeting the Edinburgh Postthus speaks: 'We are glad that this parson will, however, notreturn to America without at least at inkling of thereal state of public feeling on the question of negroslavery. The Rev. James Robertson of Portsburghchapel, has challenged him to a public discussionupon the subject; but with more prudence thancourage he has declined to meet an antagonist onthe arena of a public meeting, and proposes to makethe controversy a 'paper war.' Last night Mr.Campbell gave a lecture on American Slavery inthe Waterloo Rooms, which were crowded to hearhim. On this occasion he confined himself to thereading of extracts from periodicals in support of hisviews. At the close of the lecture, the Rev. Mr.Robertson stood forward, and requested leave asquestion him. This, however, be declined to allow.The meeting throughout his lecture expressed theirdisapprobation of the doctrines and opinions broughtforward, and at the close they gave three groans forthe lecturer, end three cheers for Mr. Robertson.On the point of excluding the negro from the communiontable, Mr. Campbell gave as its justification,the intolerable odor of the negro in hot weather.' Both of these persons have been  inKirkldy, and the friends have, as soon as theyknew their opinions upon the question of slaveryissued a , of which the  is :—-      
