 Thus speaks the Southern Baptist: The fact in most glaringly palpable that a crisiin the history of southern Christians ,which renders it the imperious duly of all SouthernChristian patriots to meet promptly and energetically.All the indications are that the time isat hand when Christians at the South must assumehigher responsibilities There is not publishedbeyond the limits of the South, a book, pamphlet,review, magazine, tract, periodical, or newspaper,whether religious, political or commercial, whichis not tinged more or less, if it be possible to introducethe subject, with something bearing directlyor remotely against the Southern Social System.The poisonous influence of such insidious infusionof principles, antagonistic to our institutions, intothe popular mind, and especially if instilled intothe mind of the rising generation, will eventuallyhe felt. The principles of our institutions havebeen demonstrated most ably to be scriptural andpolitically constitutional; but there is a more powerfulinfluence exerted upon the sentimentality ofa people, which undermines gradually, almost imperceptibly,but not lens certainly, the foundationsof public opinion. We feel too secure. We arenot adequately sensible of our dangers. Dangersthere are—it must not he disguised; and it behovesSouthern Christians not only ecclesiastically andreligiously to prepare themselves for self-protection,but politically to maintain that balance ofpower which is now, more than ever, in our politicalhistory, dangerously jeopardized. We are normists, and yet a note of alarm cannot be toosoon or too loudly sounded throughout the wholeslaveholding territory. Enemies are in our midst—they belong to all nations—they are untiring andmo t subtle. Some are fanatical, some are political,some religious, some infidel, some unprincipled,but a more dangerous and most numerousclass are learned, conscientious, and most politicand ingenious, and are doing the mischief. Lotus prepare for the worst.    FIRST RAPTIST CHURCH IN CHARLESTON.—Thischurch has secured the pastoral services of ourbrother, Rev. Timothy G. Freeman, as a supplyuntil next autumn. Brother F. comes to us fromMassachusetts, the old Bay State, professing to adoptex animo, in the fullest sense, without equivocationor mental reservation, the propositions on the subjectof southern slavery so ably defended and triumphantlymaintained by Rev. R. Fuller, D.D.,in his discussion with Francis Wayland, D.D.So far, his tabors have been highly appreciated bythe ministers and members of both the Baptistchurches in this city, and he will enter immediatelyupon a systematic and energetic, and, we trust,a true and faithful performance of the duties of apro tempore, in pulpit preparations and efforts, andmore especially in strictly pastoral visitations—Charleston paper. IRST APTIST HURCH IN HARLESTON. as a supply ex animo pro tempore Charleston paper. 'No little fuss has been made 'down East,' becausetwo slaves, takes en execution of the UnitedStates, were recently sold at Washington—and yetin every one of the New England States white menand women may be and are sold or leased at auction.It is a very common thing in New England to bringpaupers into the shambles and knees, these off underthe hammer.' white The above was clipped out of some paper, namenot recollected. The hit is a good one. Despicableas was the act of the U.S. Government, thecustom of New England, above mentioned, isscarcely less so. These infernal practices speakloudly for National Reform.—Young American. Young American. 
