 We learn from Cape. Clark, of the brig Romp,arrived at this port on Thursday, from Cayenne,Aug. 5, that great excitement prevailed there whenhe left, in reference to the abolition of slavery.—The facts appear to be as follows, according to documentsfurnished to us by Capt Clark. It is known that, since the Revolution of 1830,the French Colonies have a Representative Assembly,called the Colonial Council, which is electedfor five yearn. This Council votes the local expenses,and expresses opinions upon all questionswhich concern; the Colony end noon these matterswhich can only be determined by the borne government. For some years the great question of the abolitionof slavery has strongly agitated the proprietorsof Guiana, which is a small, weak Colony, althoughpossessing a vast and fertile territory andall the resources which must, one day, make it aflourishing country. The most intelligent of the planters are persuadedthat if is necessary to effect a transformation ofthe' social condition of their laborers by relyingupon the government, no that the end which themother power desires (the freedom of the slaves)many be attained with the least possible agitationand difficulty. Some others of she planters, fewer in number,but whose violence of action compensates for theirweakness, are striving to oppose all idea of anagreement between the pest and the future, andto maintain as long as possible slavery on its ruins. The Colonial Council of Guinea, composed ofsixteen members, reckons a minority of four sup and in all the discussionsfor the Colony, these last voice of the country was far them and not for themajority of the country.    By means of memorials and protests, sent to theFrench Ministry, they have contrived to hinderthe putting into execution of a law which appropriated50,000 francs for elementary instruction inGuiana, necessary to commences, with the concurrenceof the planters, the measures of a reformimpossible to prevent hereafter. In the meantime, the French Chambers and theGovernment have passed new laws, which greatlymodify the ancient servitude—the duties of themaster are heavily augmented, and the obligationsof the slaves considerably reduced. These of theplanters who were yet honestly laboring under anillusion have been enlightened, and the generalelections to renew the Counsel, which took placeon the 28th of July, 1847, have given a brilliantmanifestation of the sentiment of the country. All the opposition members have failed beforethe electors, and their strongest partisans, who aspiredto the Assembly, have met with the samefate. The advocates of wise and reasonable progress,who composed the old majority, have all been reelected,and only one opinion is now found in theColonial representation, it must be hoped thatsome good will result therefrom, both for the prosperityof the Colony and for the realization of theemancipation of the slaves without violent mstres.   The next advices will be looked for with solicitude. 
