 It is well known that we have a party or sectamong us, who renounce the sacredness of the Sabbath.This party during the last week held inHarwich a meeting which was notified through thepublic papers and called an 'Anti-Slavery Convention,'This meeting was continued throughthe Sabbath, and brought together boats of peopleof all ages sad sects, but mostly of the young andthoughtless. The day was spent in all respects asa public holiday, in riding in every direction, frommorning to night, together with other amusements.Tents were erected for selling all kinds or articleswhich are usually sold at places of merriment, notexcepting spirituous liquors. No pretence was setup of its being a religious meeting, but merely fordiscussion of Garrisonian principles. The haranguesby their leading speakers, Pillsbury,Moody, &c., were scandalous sod abusive, dressedout in low,  blackguardism. spirituous liquors. Garrisonian principles.  The Christian community are called upon to expresstheir views upon this subject—to decidewhether such violations of the sacred Sabbath,against the laws of God and man, shall pass byunnoticed, and such a pernicious example be setfor the rising generation. A FRIEND OF THE SABBATH. ANTY-SLAVERY CONVENTION IN HARWICK. Welearn that the speeches made at this Conventionwere of a most violent and abusive character. Arantipole abolitionist, by the name of Pillsbury,made himself peculiarly conspicuous by the mostoutrageous attacks on public men, the clergy, thegovernment, and in fact every body and everything wiser and better then himself. According tohis theory, what little virtue and morality there isin the country is monopolized by himself and hiscoadjutors. If these men suppose that by callinghard names and indulging in low, dirty blackguardism,they are helping the cause of abolitionism ormorality, they greatly mistake the character andintelligence of our citizens.—Yarmouth Register. NTY LAVERY ONVENTION IN ARWICK. Yarmouth Register. GEORGE THOMPSON, the ranting abolitionist, hasbeen elected to the House of Commons. Thecapital he employed to get into Parliament willcarry any man then, viz: an intense hatredtowards, and calumnious abuse of, the people ofthe United States.—Olive Branch. EORGE HOMPSON Olive Branch. 
