 We have received a picture that has just beenpublished, and is for sale at the Anti-Slavery officein New York, illustrating the 'Constitutional obligation'of slave-hunting under our new law. It is awell-executed and spirited lithograph, bearing thetitle of 'CONQUERING PREJUDICE, or Fulfilling aConstitutional duty WITH ALACRITY.' It representsto the life the real position of the North and South.A slave mother with her terrified infant in her arms—her own face marked with anguish and despair—is flying from her pursuers, and shrieking, 'My God!my child! Will no one help? Is there no mercy?'Neither the State-house nor the Church opens to heras she passes. The Northern statesman and his bulldoglead the chase, with the Southern man-thief,armed with revolver and manacles, and his hungryblood-hound, pressing closely behind. ONQUERING REJUDICE Fulfilling aConstitutional duty The dignified Northerner, whose ponderous browand marked features will as readily be recognized ashis sentiments, exclaims, 'Any man can perform anagreeable duty—it is not every man who can performa disagreeable duty.'° In his admiration of hisNorthern leader, the Southerner cries: 'By Heaven!he exceeds my most sanguine expectation—he markshis way so clearly and treads so loyally on the trackof the Constitution. It is more than great—it issublime. I feel a great sense of relief.'† The pictureis no caricature. It is terrible reality. Itssarcasm is as scathing as serious. Its appeal ispathetic. We wish that it might be posted in everycounting room and shop, hotel and public place inthe North. It would do much to stir the Northernheart to a humane and healthy abhorrence of slavery,and our unholy pledges to sustain it. It is sold at31 North Fifth street, at $12,50 per hundred; 20cents a single copy. ° † We have posted up our copy in our office, wherefriends may see it by calling. °Speech of Mr. Webster at the Revere House Boston. °Speech of Mr. Webster at the Revere House Boston. †See Charleston Mercury and Washington Union †See Charleston Mercury and Washington Union 
