 Mr. J.G. Whittier of Essex county, Massachusetts,who was selected by the Democrats and Abolitionistsof that district, as a candidate for their piebaldSenatorial ticket, has declared that dubioushonor. In his reply to the nomination, he says ofthe Fugitive Slave Law— So far as that is concerned, I am a NULLIFIES. Byno act, countenance or consent of mine, shall thathateful law be enforced in Massachusetts. Mr. Whittier, as some of our readers may know,is a man who writes pretty rhymes, and tells a prettysentimental story, but has about as enlarged andenlightened a judgment of politics as any old damethat knits stockings in a chimney-corner. To hearsuch men talk of nullification, is like seeing littleboys with wooden swords playing soldier. The example,however, of Mr. Whittier's childish bubble,may serve as a warning to some people who have notyet arrived at such folly, but are fast approaching it.The Free Soil and Abolition doctrines, as now expoundedand acted upon among us, lead to nothingelse but nullification. Josiah Quincy's letter leadsto nullification; the spirit, temper and language ofsundry Whig papers in this neighborhood lead tonullification. The difference between these casesand that of Mr. Whittier is, that he has gone into itwith a hop, skip and a jump, under the influence ofan infantile simplicity that is unable to foresee consequences,while the Whig and Free Soil agitatorsare sliding into the black gulf of nullification by degrees,and willfully shutting their eyes to the dismalprospect before them. Let the folly of such simpletonsas Mr. Whittier be a warning to them. Theyhave not yet dared to utter as he has, the word 'nullification,'but the word is near them, even in their mouth.They would recoil with horror at this moment, perhaps,from the open avowal of such atrocious politicalheresy, but the path they are treading is perilousand slippery. Let them stop before they find themselvesin the doctrines of sedition and anarchy— Stepped in so far that, should they wade no more,Returning were as tedious as go o'er.  ☞The 'nullification' of Mr. Whittier was 'madeeasy' by the Apostles, eighteen hundred years ago,who declared—'We ought to obey God rather thanman'—'Whether it be right, in the sight of God, tohearken unto men more than unto God, Judge ye.'It was also 'made easy' at a much earlier period byDaniel, and those who disregarded the decree of Darius.Also by the 'noble army of martyrs and conferees,'in every age. It is loyalty to goodness. 
