 We have given a brief account of the seizure of acolored man at Detroit under the new law, and theexcitement attending it. Three companies of soldierswere ordered out to assist Marshal and hisposse. The Buffalo Express says— 'The Detroit case and decision are as follows:A negro was brought before the Commissioner as afugitive slave from Tennessee. The counsel for thenegro presented an affidavit duly sworn by the former,stating that he was manumitted by the deed ofthe present clamant for 700 dollars, which the letterhad received for the same, and that the deed is nowin the hands of the negro's friends in Cincinnati. Onthis affidavit, the counsel for the prisoner moves thatthe case be continued until the deed of emancipationcan be procured and used as evidence. The Commissionerdecides that the deed would be inadmissible,if produced; that he has no power to inquire intoany defence the negro may have against the claim,but only to determine whether the case presented onthe part of the claimant is sufficient to entitle him toa certificate for the removal of the negro.' DETROIT, Oct. 15. Since I wrote you, the negroexcitement has somewhat subsided. The militarywas on Friday night withdrawn from the jail yard,since which time, a police force has been on duty.On Saturday evening, a large meeting was held, atwhich the Mayor presided, and inflammatory speecheswere made by Hon. K.S. Bingham, Messrs. Joyand Emmons, and others. The meeting was large andenthusiastic, and the resolutions were not of the mostinflammatory character. ETROIT Yesterday, a subscription of $500 was raised, principallyfrom among our democratic citizens, for thepurchase of the negro. It was headed by H. Ledyard,Esq., son-in-law of Gen. Cass, with $50. Not a real,noisy abolitionist, we believe, subscribed a dollar.The negro was last night released from custody, andwas really unable what course to decide on. He saidhe had always been treated in the kindest manner,and regretted that he had caused all this excitement.his owner, who is a brother of Hon. Mr. Rose, ofGeneva, (we believe,) paid all expenses, to the amountof about $200, pocketing the $300 as the value ofthe negro, and left for home. So the great insurrectionhas ended. FFUGITIVE SLAVE LAW—MEETING OF CLERGYNENA public meeting was held in the Hard Street MethodistChurch on Monday evening, to consider theduties of Christians in relation to the Fugitive SlaveLaw. Prayer was offered by Rev. Mr. Duncan(Baptist.) Some introductory remarks were made bythe Rev. Mr. Twombly Poster of the Hard StreetChurch, who read portions of the law under consideration.Afterwards, brief speeches were madeby Rev. Mr. Hanks, (Orthodox,) Rev. Mr. Eddy(Baptist,) Rev. Brewster (Wesleyan Methodist,)Rev. Mr. Moulton (Free Will Baptist,) Rev. Mr.Adams (Methodist,) and Rev. Mr. Duncan (Baptist,)Rev. Mr. Howe (Baptist) was prevented by illnessfrom attending. The speakers were very earnestand hearty in their condemnation of the Law, and ailexpressed their conviction that it was the duty ofChristians to disregard it and suffer its penalties,rather than aid in enforcing it. Many admirable remarkswere made by all the speakers, which weshould be glad to publish if we had any report ofthem. We believe that the clergymen named wereall who co-operated in getting up the meeting. Wetrust that they are not all who feel deeply on thesubject, and desire to do what they can arouse thepeople against the iniquity of the law.—LowellAmerican. FUGITIVE LAVE AW EETING OF LERGYNEN LowellAmerican. THE FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW. The City Councilof Chicago has passed resolutions nullifying the Actof Congress respecting the Fugitive Slave Law, andreleasing the police from obedience to it. Thisact of the city authorities has caused great excitement,and last night, a meeting of 4,000 or 5,000people was held. The Mayer presided. SenatorDouglass made a powerful speech, sustaining theActs of Congress in passing this Bill, and also theCompromise. His speech had a powerful effect onthe meeting, and caused a change of public opinionin favor of the Law and against the acts of the CityCouncil. [The Council has since reconsidered itsresolutions.] HE UGITIVE LAVE AW. No ANNEXATION OF CANADA. The St. LawrenceRepublican contains an interesting account ofthe great Northern Railroad celebration, at whichspeeches were made, toasts offered, &c. Amongother sentiments was this:—'Canada Annexation—When they wish it.' Whereupon, T.P. Chandler,Esq., of Boston, President of the road, respondedas follows: NNEXATION OF ANADA. St. LawrenceRepublican MR. PRESIDENT: I heartily respond to the sentimentwith which my friend at the other end of thehall closed his speech, but I arise to offer a word ortwo on one of the subjects to which he has alluded.I refer to the annexation of Canada to the UnitedStates. Sir, I have heretofore thought that a unionof the two countries was desirable, but I think so nolonger My views have changed since the passageof the Fugitive Slave Bill by our Congress In thename of humanity, in the name of all that is good,in the name of God,(I speak it with reference,) letthere remain one spot on the Northern continentwhere the white buzzards of the South cannot satiatetheir hellish appetites on black victims Let therebe one locality where that thickly-woven  of villainies,the Fugitive Slave Bill, cannot be spread R. RESIDENT:  T.W. HIGGINSON;-We rejoice that this young,eloquent and whole-soiled man has been nominatedfor Congress The Free Soilers of the Third, Districtcould not have selected a truer exponent of theirprinciples, or one better able to support their measures.We hope our friends will make every effortto defeat Duncan and to elect Mr. Higginson, who isas much superior to Duncan intellectually as he isabove him in soundness of principle The FreeSoilers of the Third District have for a candidate agifted, accomplished and hold young man—just theman to be supported by men who have principles toadvance.—Boston Republican IGGINSON Boston Republican GOT HIS REWARD The next day after consummatinghis treachery to Freedom, Gen Wilson resignedhis seat in the House, and immediately receivedthe appointment of 'bearer of dispatches' toCalifornia! The telegraph reports also that he is tobe either Collector at San Francisco, or SurveyorGeneral Thus does he get his pay for violating themost solemn pledge ever made by a representative tohis constituents And by thus including and rewardingtreason does Mr Fillmore commence his administrationHow an administration thus startingshall end remains to be seen That it cannot andin honor and success, the history of all the past buttoo clearly proves OT IS EWARD 
