 In the Boston , a few weeks since, appearedthe following letter, which, for cool effrontery and, has never been suppressed:—   BOSTON, 7th Sept, 1850. To  Quincy, Socialist, and James Russell Lowell,, 'Corresponding Editors' of the National Anti-SlaveryStandard. To  Quincy, Socialist, and James Russell Lowell,, 'Corresponding Editors' of the National Anti-SlaveryStandard.   GENTLEMEN— ENTLEMEN I acknowledge the honor you have done me insending to me your paper of the 5th instant, in whichyou allude to my sending back a slave to New Orleans. It would have been as well for you to havestreet the whole facts as they were, without garbling;but that is not what might be expected from such deprecated scions as you are; and as you did notthose to state facts, I will do for you. The slave secreted himself on board the ship, andwas not discovered until she was six days at sea.Not finding it convenient to land him in any slaveState, he was brought into this harbor with the intentionedsending him back by the first vessel, whichwas accomplished, notwithstanding the array of armsand steamseals to prevent it. Had not that beendoes, the prison of New Orleans would have beenthe resting-place of the master, whenever he returnedto that port, or went into any slave State. I didnot wish to place an innocent mariner in that position,but if either of you, or any of your one idea associates,—say Wendell Phillips, Stephen C. Phillips,Garrison, Sewali, or any of your prominent political—will not as master of any ship, at doublethe usual sates of wages, with the understanding thatin case they bring away any slaves, they are to returnto the part, and try the experiment of slave Statelaws, I will do my best to give you such an opportunity. armsand steamseals one idea associates,—  What you say of 'the trappings and suit of wo'upon my house, on the day of the ceremonies ofPresident Taylor's funeral, does not disturb me. I with you had hearts and sympathies such as the ones have, who decorated my house at that time.   You also connect Mr. Webster and his last speechwith the 'Kidnapping' and sending the slave back', true-hearted, upright and at New Orleans.' I wish as good a could be given of you and your associates.It is not the first time that my name has been broughtbefore the public in your paper and other kindredpaints, in connection with this noble and true America,and defender of our Constitution. On his visitingthis city, last spring, you did me the honor of appointingme Chief Marshal, under the title of 'KidnapperPearson.' It would be grateful to me to actin any capacity, to do honor to him, or any other man, his giant intellect and sterling patriotism. ', true-hearted, upright and     In another of your letters, I am charged with being to D.H. Pearson, who was hung.' If I hadthe  to derive satisfaction from a slur uponsayman's family connections, I might utter somethingwhich would cause a blush in one of you, if any onewho is in the habit of writing slander and abuse everyday could be made to blush at all. Now, this DanielII. Pearson, whom I never saw in my life, was nomore my cousin than he was yours, although it is notof much importance who is a man's cousin, brother,father or grandfather,—and it is frequently the casethat the children of the honored and wealthy are livingmovements of disgrace and mortification. Theeasy point is for each one of us to attend to thatwriter within his own breast, and be sure that alla night there. If it is, he has nothing to fear fromslanderous publications; but those who live in glass careful how they throw stones.    Yours, &c., JNO.H. PEARSON. Mr. Pearson is a merchant of this city, largely concernedin the Southern. trade, which he is pursuingat the cost of his soul. In the estimation of all trulyhonorable and upright men, he has forfeited all to the respect and confidence of the community,and made his memory infamous to posterity.  ☞Here are two advertisements, which we copyfrom the Wellington (N.C.) Journal, of Oct. 18th—both published in accordance with the law of theState. Harry, a slave, having left his tyrannical master,is commanded to return home instanter—otherwise,any person is authorized to kill and destroy him,without accusation or impeachment!! The owner ofHarry, it will be observed, coolly offer twenty-fivedollars more for his head, than for his capture and returnalive, unharmed—solely to gratify his devilish!! And this in our Christian country! his head   EW ANOVER OUNTY.. WHEREAS, complaint upon oath hath this daybeen made to us, two of the Justices of the Peace forthe State and county aforesaid, by Guildford Horn,of Edgecombe County, that a certain male slave belongingto him, named HARRY, a carpenter bytrade, about 40 years old, 5 feet 5 inches high, orthereabouts, yellow complexion, stout built, with arear on his left leg, {from the cut of an axe,} hasvery thick lips, eyes deep sunk in his head, foreheadvery square, tolerably loud voice, has lost one or twoof his upper teeth, and has a very dark spot on hisjaw, supposed to be a mark—hath absented himselffrom his master's service, and is supposed to be lurkingabout in this county, committing acts of felonyor other misdeeds: These are, therefore, in thename of the State aforesaid, to command said slaveforthwith to surrender himself, and return home tohis said master; and we do hereby, by virtue of theAct of Assembly in such cases made and provided,intimate and declare that it said slave Harry dothnot surrender himself, and return home immediatelyafter the publication of these presents, that any personor persons may NILL and DESTROY the said slaveby such means as he or they may think fit, withoutaccusation or impeachment of any crime or offencefor so doing, and without incurring any penalty orforfeiture thereby. HEREAS ARRY Given under our hands and seals, this 29th day of June, 1850. JAMES T. MILLER, J.P.[Seal.] W.C. BETTENCOUT, J.P.[Seal.] ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTY-FIVE DOLLARSREWARD will be paid for the delivery of the saidHARRY to me at Tonsott Depot, Edgecombe county,or for his confinement in any jail in the State, sothat I can get him; or One Hundred and Fifty Dollars will be given for his HEAD NE UNDRED AND WENTY-FIVE OLLARS EWARD He was lately heard from in Newborn, where hecalled himself Henry Barnes(or Burns,) and will belikely to continue the same name, or assume that ofCoppage of Farmer. He has a free mulatto womanfor a wife, by the name of Sally Bozeman, who haslately removed to Wilmington, and lives in that partof the town called Texas, where he will likely belurking. Masters of vessels are particularly cautionedagainst harboring, or concealing said negro on boardtheir vessels, as the full penalty of the law will berigorously enforced. GUILFORD HORN. June 29th, 1850—[43-if] 
