 Let patriotic citizens, then, go forth upon thetrackless war paths of the ocean to fight for theircountry in the most effective manner. Hundredsand hundreds of millions of the property of theenemy invite them to spoil him—to "spoil theseEgyptians" of the North, who would coerce us tostaying when we strove peaceably to make our exodusto independence of their oppressive thrall; togo forth from degrading fellowship with them. Therichly-laden ships of the enemy swarm on every sea,and are absolutely unprotected. The harvest is ripe;let it be gathered, and we will strike the enemy tothe heart—for we hit his pocket, his most sensitivepart. Hiss treasure ships, laden with Californiawealth, traverse Southern waters. Let them be theprize of the bravest and most enterprising. Therichly-laden ships of the enemy swarm on every sea,and are absolutely unprotected. The harvest is ripe;let it be gathered, His commerce is the very life of the enemy'ssolvency and financial vitality. Strike it, and youlay the axe to the root of his power—you rendaway the sinews of war. Let the flags of privateersshow themselves on the seas, and the blockadewill be raised. Lincoln's fleet will scatter over theworld to protect the commerce of his citizens. Butthey cannot protect it, though they try. They are'numerous enough for the blockade, but not to guardthe ocean. The risk of the privateer will still betrifling, and he will continue to reap the harvest, laughingat the few scarecrows which would fright himfrom his profitable employment. but not to guardthe ocean. The risk of the privateer will still betrifling, and he will continue to reap the harvest It is easy to put privateers afloat There are anabundance of brave men among us ready to volunteerto fight anywhere. There are many among usready to give money to the cause of their country,not looking for return. In this private ring, themost enormous returns are promised, with but triflingrisk. Let the men of means fit out privateers,if they would best serve their country and advancetheir own interests. Let companies be formed toembark capital in privateering. If they can't getthe craft here, they can get them somewhere. It isa pursuit of honor, patriotism, profit. Let us scourthe seas, and sweep their commerce from it with thebesom of destruction.—Montgomery Advertiser. Let us scourthe seas, and sweep their commerce from it with thebesom of destruction.—Montgomery Advertiser. 
