 The Southern Presbyterian edited by a Presbyterianminister, and is published at Columbia, S.C.,the seat of the State College, and of the PresbyterianTheological Seminary. Its editorial columnsbristle (May 11) with lying paragraphs like these: Southern Presbyterian "The phrensy of the North, demoniac in itswrath and its purposes against the South, seems tohe unabated, and troop for our subjugation consumeto be collected in larger numbers at Washingtonand central points in the Northern States. Thefauteuil leaders of the North are impatient at amoment's delay in the march of their legions intoour borders, and their most prominent papers openlythreaten Lincoln, if he falter an instant, that bewill be deposed from his office, and the reins ofpower put into more faithful hands. To this lengthhas the disorganization of the Northern mind alreadygone. Law and order, reason and commonsense, have fled from the presence of the reign ofterror which seems about to overthrow every vestingof free and constitutional government. The most brutal and blood-thirsty spirit towardsthe South prevails at the North. The purpose isopenly avowed to plunder, devastate and destroyour country. Placards are put up in New York,calling for volunteers for the invasion of the South,with the heading 'Booty and Beauty.' The battle-cry through the North is, 'Overranthe South; raise a servile insurrection; proclaimfreedom to the slaves; arm them against the whites;and wipe the accursed slaveocracy from the face ofthe earth!' " A correspondent of the same paper says:— "Hordes of Northern Goths and Vandals, savageas the barbarians of old, inspired not with a merelost of rapine, but with vindictive hate and fury,threaten to invade our land, to desecrate the templesof religion, to lay waste our peaceful homes, tomurder and destroy our people, to summon ourslaves to insurrection, and to make our country adesolation. And among those who encourage andapplaud these ruthless designs of the infuriatedNorth are our own ecclesiastical brethren, the venerable.pious, calm, moderate patriarchs of the OldSchool Presbyterian Church! Surely madness is intheir hearts. Surely this is the time foretold whenit is said. 'Woe to the inhabiters of the earth andof the sea, for the devil is conic down unto you,having great wrath, because he knoweth that hehath but a short time!' The South desired peace, sought it, asked for it,sent repeated commissioners to obtain it, offered patiently,and even importunately, an amicable adjustment.proposed compromises, called a 'Peace Congress'—but met only with persistent refusal of alland every one of these propositions. All the Southhas insisted on has been the right peaceably to governitself. Hut nothing would satisfy the North butour implicit submission to be governed by it on itsown terms and in its own way. And now theyunanimously proclaim their purpose to compel us atthe point of the sword to yield that submission; tomake our land a desert, and our homes a desolation,if we will not. They will slaughter us at thecannon's mouth, or hang us on the gallows; theywill hum us, and drown us, and sweep us from theface of the earth. But they will not allow us to be'free and independent.' But, God help us, and we will! We desire notwar. We have done everything possible to be doneto avert it, except submit. And, if it must come,we can only meet it as it has often been met beforeby a brave and a Christian people. The threats ofthe North do not terrify us, fearful as they are.Their ferocious clamor for vengeance only nervesthe Southern heart for resistance to the last extremityand will convert every Southern man intoa martyr." submit. 
