 From whom? From Whigs? No! From Democrats?No! From a disloyal, Radical, Red republican faction. Who are these men who have put the State indanger? We call them, for the present, freesoilers. Theyare, however, the radical faction which we havedescribed in our Lessons to Voters, and particularly inthe last chapter but one. Their great principleis to place the individual above the Law.Hence, you see that they approve all lawless doingsthe political, social, and religious order, athome and abroad. They are admirers, warm partipantsof the murderous Reds of Europe, and younever fail to see, in their papers, most sickeningmens of all foreign anarchists, no matter how vilesee may be; and most savage denunciations a againstall legitimate governments, no matter how well administered.They are in close union with foreignanarchists, in America. They are determined tobreak up the Union, if it be a possible thing. Theycounsel resistance, and the more straightforward ofthem, armed resistance, to laws enacted by Congress,approved by the government, and affirmed bythe Supreme Court. They got up a riot at Syracuse;committed murder at Christiana, and calledarmed men from the towns to Boston, during theSims riot. when wholesale murder would have beencommitted, had it not been for the energy of Bigelowand Turkey, for which they earned the thanksof all good citizens, and the especial wrath of thefree soil members of the legislature. They are Socialists,almost to a man. That is, they advocate allthe science of French and Greeleyite infidels forthe breaking up of the family, and the destruction ofmerty. In education, they approve the godlessmethod and will hear of no other. They vote allknowledge of God out of the schools. They areenthusiasts in favor of all the humbugs called rejous;especially for Woman's Rights, for the rightof open to be shameless, soulless, godless, imitatesof atheistical French women! The anti-paperybetarers and writers are frees oilers, almost to a man.There are no more determined enemies of Catholictyin America than the frees oilers are. Almost allof them are nativists. freesoilers. radical faction principle family godless rejous women Now, this is the faction which has, in some wayor other, succeeded in breaking up both parties. Itdivided the Whigs in Pennsylvania and New York,and it has nearly rosed the democratic party inMassachusetts, because some leading democrats havefound a coalition with them, for the sake of 'killingthe Whigs.' How foolish for a man to kill one'sself for the make of only scotching an enemy! Wehope the being democrats will succeed in bringingthe majority of the party to a stand for the Unionand for ice Laws.—ibid. 
