 [correspondence of the St. Louis Christian Advocate. KANSAS TERRITORY Wednesday, April 14. ANSAS ERRITORY In this new and rapidly populating country,every thing is new and unsettled—much excitementarising from several sources, chiefly, however,of a political character. Of course, not much can beaccomplished by preaching for a time; but this is thetime for locating claims upon the land, and alsoupon the people. This is the time in politics:political men and parties are now at work in hardearnest, to locate claims, to put their impress uponthis growing country, and to fix its civil and politicalcharacter; and this is the time for the Churchto act. Now is the time for the great South to locateand establish her claim, to put her impress upon theinstitutions of the country, and now is the time forthe Church South to lay deep and wide the foundationsof Southern Methodism. So far, we have thevantage ground. We were the first in the field—we were the first to find the emigrants in theirtents and cabins, and we have the sympathies ofthe Southern people, who look to our movementshere with great interest, as having much to dowith fixing the destinies of the Territory; but wetrust, above all, that God is for us. If so, whocan be against us? Yet God works by humanagencies, and I fear that neither the South in general,nor the Southern Church in particular, is sufficientlyalive to its duty and interest touching thesettlement of this country. It will be occupied—densely settled—and that, too, while the supineare thinking and talking about it. Yes: are we areaware, the time will pass by, and it will be for everto late. Now, this is the very season, this is the timefor the South to occurs her true interests in this country,so full of promise. True, some privations andhardships must be endured, but the future advantagesto you and your children will more than repay.The land is rich, the climate mild, and thecountry generally gives fair promise for health. not much can be for the Church Church South the South in general,nor the Southern Church in particular this is the very season, this is the timefor the South to occurs her true interests in this country Kansas is the most vulnerable and exposed partof our entire Methodist territory. The South generally,and the church in particular, have much towin or lose in the present contest. We hope tosee thousands of families here from SlaveholdingStates before six months shall pass. Then let localpreachers come and seek a home in this good land,and have a position where their ministry is greatlyneeded, and where, by Sabbath preaching, youcould do much in the good cause. The South generally,and the church in particular from SlaveholdingStates Our bishops, presiding elders, preachers, andpeople, ought to know that this country will besettled, and furnished with preachers and institutions.If we do not do it, others will. May wenot hope for prompt and efficient action on the part ofthe South, till the men and the vast wealth of theSouth be called into requisition; others will. prompt and efficient action on the part ofthe South the men and the vast wealth of theSouth The Church North is already contemplating thefounding of a Methodist University in Kansas Territory,and will spare neither men nor means toaccomplish their object. Will the South be behind,dragging at the end! No, never! We havethe resources, we have the strong motive power—letus draw upon our resources, put our united shouldersto the work, and call upon Israel's God forhelp, and it shall be done. we have the strong motive power I am urged to write this by the wants and pressingdemands of a common cause, in which I wouldinterest all Southern hearts and hands, prayers andpurses. A. MONROE. demands of a common cause Southern hearts and hands, prayers andpurses. 
