 The following is an extract from the SquatterSovereign, a fiendish sheet published in Kansas byone Stringfellow, who is manifestly a cut-throat inspirit, and possessed of many devils, and who isthe recognized leader of the ruffians who have invadedthat territory from Missouri:— SquatterSovereign 'If we would rid ourselves of a set of hirelings,sent into our midst with the express view of infringingupon our rights and committing depredationsupon our property, we must act promptly,and with an energy and earnestness of purposethat will give Abolitionists distinctly to understandthat Kansas is not a field for the successfuloperation of their schemes of plunder. 'Tis vainto procrastinate—it will only increase the courageof the abolitionists, and make the removal of theevil a matter of greater difficulty. Many means could be devised whereby these un-hearablenuisances could be removed; but the mosteffectual method that recurs to our mind, is to inflictinstant punishment upon the offenders. Weare not, except in extreme cases, an admirer ofJudge Lynch's code of practice, not of self-constitutedpowers; but under the circumstances, weopine the organization of vigilance committeesthroughout the territory, for the protection ofslave property, would not only be a judiciouspolicy, but one fully justifiable in the premises.indeed, it would be well for every pro-slavery citizento consider himself a member of a vigilancecommittee to see that restitution be made for injurysustained at the hands of Abolitionists. Inevery instance where an abolitionist is known tohave run off, or to have attempted to entice awaya slave, let an escort be afforded him to Missouri,and there he will find a ready supply of boots tofacilitate his progress beyond the confines of thatstate. It would be well, too, not to let the culpritdepart from the Territory without an amplecoat of tar and feathers, and the map of the UnitedStates legibly printed on his back with thatdelicate pencil, known as the cat-o-nine-tails.Laws, at present, we are without; but were lawsof the most stringent nature enacted—whichdoubtless will be done when the Legislature meets—they are too dilatory in their action—there aretoo many loop-holes for their evasion, for them toaccomplish the ends desired. Protection and redressmust come from a more certain source, andthat source lies in the action of the people interested. boots It is with pleasure we note the decided tone inwhich our cotemporaries of the Kickapoo Pioneer,and also of the Kansas Herald, express themselveson this subject. Touching our own vicinity, wehave no fears of annoyance from abolition impudence: for the few, it any, who may have settledin this region, know that the spirit of the peoplewill not brook the slightest indication of an encroachmentupon their property. Apart from this,however, we are sensitive regarding the actions ofthe Abolitionists elsewhere, as though our immediateneighborhood was thickly beset by them;and are ever ready to second, with such aid as wemay command, any steps for the protection of theproperty of pro-slavery citizens throughout theTerritory. As a first step, the town of Lawrenceshould be rid of its pestiferous inhabitants.' Pioneer Herald 
