 The following are the opening and concludingparagraphs of an address delivered by ReverendLeander Ker, at Platte City, Missouri, on the eveof the recent Territorial election in Kansas. It deservesa place among the records of the Territory. Reverend Gentlemen and Fellow-Citizens:—Were this a politicalmeeting,  I would not be found in the positionin which your request has placed me. A ministerof the gospel has no business publicly withpolitics. It is not his vocation; although it is becomingtoo common in some sections of our countryfor this class of men to take an active andleading part in the politics of the day. This shouldbe condemned and repudiated. Gentlemen and Fellow-Citizens: But the circumstances that have called us togetherthis day, are such that I feel justified in acceptingyour call, and in taking a part in your deliberations.As an American citizen, I have aright to speak in defence of her rights, her institutions,and her laws, which are at this time assailedby a wicked and infamous faction, with a violencethat is only equalled by its malignity. Andas a believer, defender and proclaimer of the truthsin this sacred volume in my hand—which is no lessassailed by means of the same faction—it is noless my duty than my right to be here to speak inits defence. And now, gentlemen, do you understand yourposition in this contest, and the position of youradversaries! And of you do, what are your dutiesin the contest before you! To ascertain these, letat ascertain the cause for which you are contending.What is that cause? It is the most just.righteous and holy in which men were ever engaged.The most just, because it is defence of yourrights, interests and property, which the laws ofGod and of your country have left you, which theysealed with their lives and baptised with theirblood; and last, but not least, it is in defence ofthis precious treasure, which the Abolitionists aretrampling under their feet—the only hope and salvationof the world. cause And who are your enemies? they are the mostunscrupulous of men; steeped from the crowns oftheir heads to the soles of their feet in the blackestinfamy of perdition. Can you for one momentthink that these men are of God; raised up by himand called him to overthrow his word and destroy his work!—asthey impiously contend theyare. No, they are not of God; they are of theirFather, the Devil, and the works of their Father theyare doing, and will do, if let alone. theirFather, the Devil, and the works of their Father theyare doing, and will do Go then, as men, as patriots, as Christians, anddo your duty to yourselves, your country, and yourGod. Do gentlemen talk of lawful and honorablemeans, to prevent al this mass of Eastern abomination,moral, socil, and infidel, from enteringamong you! If a midnight robber were to attemptto break into my quarters, I would avail myself ofthe most efficient means at my command to expelhim. I would not sit down to ponder upon honorableor lawful means; the only law I would recognizein the case would be the law of self-preservationTalk not of honorable and lawful means,save the law of self-preservation, against men, whotrample alike the laws of heaven and your countryunder their feet. Talk not of honorable means towardsmen, from whose hands you might as wellexpect honor, and justice, and magnanimity, as tolook for grapes and oranges among the polar hillsof ice and snow, or the roseate blush of health onthe cheek of death, Men, men, who know as littleof honor in their soul as a monkey knows of thecomplicated mechanism of a steam engine. Awaywith such paltry sentimentalism! it is as muchout of place as lullaby songs and nursery tales areout of place in the beat of battle, or in the midstof storm and shipwreck. Honorable warfare is forhonorable heroes, not for robbers and banditti;and such these Abolitionists are. They are cominghere to run off your slaves; they avow theirpurpose; and when they have stolen your lastslave, they will steal your other property too; andthey will do it on principals; for these rascals doeverything on principle; they will rob you of otherproperty to prevent you from purchasing moreslaves. And when one of these men are caught inthe act, and whipped, or strung up, or tarred andfeathered; what a bowl of pious indignation ringsthrough all the abolition communities against thebarbarity of the slave-owners; as well might thehighwayman or the midnight robber exclaim againstthe law that arrests him, or the hand that strikeshim down in his deed of crime. men Gentlemen, you know that I would not counselviolence or bloodshed, nor do I, unless in the defenceof your legitimate rights and interests, andyou were compelled to do it; then you would bejustified by the laws of god and your country.—But resist evil; resist the devil, and the will fleefrom you; and resist his children—this vile abolitionspawn already transported to Kansas like cattleto the shambles, and more to be transported;resist them, and they will scatter, for they are ascowardly as they are infamous, contemptible andvile. The wicked flee when no man pursueth;while he— is not only doubly armed, but doublybrave, 'who has his quarrel just.' 
