 Violence, outrage, force and fraud are theopen, unhesitating instruments of these borderforays. Armed ruffians and bullies silence andsuppress the freedom of the ballot, drive fromthe polls the legal voters, destroy the press, andwith it all the independence of thought; and haveeven the temerity to defy the national government,by threatening to depose its officers, and to electsubstitutes; the President, in all this, has butone line of duty plain before him. But will befollow it? Will he make the federal laws respected?Will he protect the Territorial rightsof the settlers of Kansas? Will he provide GovernorReader with an armed force sufficient to protectthe polls, and thus give to Kansas a governmentin reality as well as in name! Instead ofturning the bayonets of the soldiery of the Unitedstates against wronged and suffering Indians, hehad far better employ them to assert the supremacyof law, and to sustain his appointed executivefrom lawless usurpers. He must undo this greatwrong, or share in its guilt. Which will he do!This question must be met, or all law and all governmentare at an end. Outrage already followsoutrage in rapid succession. The ballot box isviolated, and private rights are trampled. Thenfollows the lawless destruction of private property,and the suppression of the liberty of the press.The next blow is threatened against the executivegovernment itself, and private life will be the nextsacrifice, if the strong arm of the national governmentis not interposed to arrest these revolutionaryproceedings. Will the President be blind anddeaf to these outrages, or will be do his duty!Eleven months ago, the military force of this neighborhoodwas called upon to enforce a law of doubtfulconstitutionality. Will the government nowmanifest equal alacrity in sustaining its own officers,whose authority is thus plainly trampled on What is to be the result of all this it is not easyto foresee. That slavery will eventually triumphin this contest; that wrong, violence and outragewill be the wishes of its inhabitants, against themoral sense of the entire North and the most respectableportion of the citizens of the SouthernStates, and in spite of the still binding guaranteesof the Missouri Compromise, which guaranteedfreedom 'forever' to those territories, we do notbelieve. There may be a severe and desperatestruggle; but we cannot believe the free States willever assent to the admission of Kansas as a slaveState, under such, or even under any circumstances.But that these outrages will be repeated with evengreater violations of public law and private right,at the next election, that they will be resisted bythe inhabitants armed in defence of their sacredprivileges of American citizens. And that blood willbe shed in the next endeavor to exercise 'popularsovereignty' after the fashion of Cass, Douglas,pierce &Co., can hardly admit of a doubt. A correspondentof the Milwaukee Sentinel, a writervouched for by that journal as in every way reliable,after describing the scenes of lawless violenceenacted at Lawrence, writes:— forever Sentinel 'It was most humiliating to feel ourselvestrampled upon and ground into the very dust,in our dearest rights, without the power todefend or protect ourselves. But, mark you, dearreader! IT IS THE LAST TIME! If I do not muchmistake the feelings and resolutions of our people,the next time we are found in the dust from such influences,it will be in death! liberty and her votarieswill perish together: the next time we are found in the dust from such influences,it will be in death! Other accounts speak of a regular armed organizationon the part of the legal inhabitants, in orderto resist another invasion from Missouri. Sucha course would seem to be the only one left to thecitizens, short of abject and disgraceful submissionto wrong and outrage, but that it can hardly fail tolead to collision, strife and bloodshed, seems buttoo probable—Boston Atlas. Boston Atlas. 
