 'As to the actual condition of our National Legislature,the press, the guardian of liberty, shouldintrepidly speak out. From a faithful discharge ofits duty, it should neither be bribed nor threatenedinto silence. The time has come, even for thereligious press, so far to interfere in politics as tobear its testimony against any visible degeneracy inthe high places of the nation. That during the lasttwenty years a great change has been witnessed forthe worse, so one can pretend to doubt who is at allconversant with politics. The evils have beenrapidly growing more inveterate, until our verynational character is jeoparded. Whoever will compareour Congress as it is, with what it was in yearspast, and what it ought to be, will be painfullystruck at the visible degeneracy. Good and reliablemen of both the great political parties may undoubtedlybe found there, but, alas! How many ofan opposite character, who are incapable of awakeningin the beholder the slightest degree of respectand veneration. The shameful neglect of the publicbusiness, the prodigal expenditure of time, thewaste of money, the electionring and irrelevantspeeches, the worse than childish contests continuallyoccurring, the want of dignity and grave deliberation,the disregard of the  c of life,which characterizes our congressional sessions, areof themselves sufficient to bring our national legislatureinto contempt. And what shall be said of thefierce and brutal conflicts which have converted thehalls of legislation into a prize ring, where and representatives are the combatants, clustered onby their compeers to the disgraceful affray, andaffixing to the national character a stigum which cannever be effaced; And what shall be said of a presswhich can be affrighted into silence when such transgressorsare allowed to escape unwhipped of justice?It is to the public acts of these men that we feel compelledto direct attention—with their private characterwe do no intermeddle. Surely the time hascome, when, if there be virtue in the community,it should indignantly express itself againstsuch misconduct in officials. The time has comewhen the people should arise in the majesty of theirstrength, and divest the unworthy of their officialcharacter. They are unfit to govern themselves;they must be unfit to govern others. Good menwill refuse to be elected to Congress, if they are tobe associated with those who, having lost their selfrespect,can neither respect the rights of others, norbenefit the nation by their counsels. We need aparty in politics composed of the good and virtuous,who will combine to break up an election system, atthe very base of which are found cliques of unprincipledmen who undertake to dictate to thepeople who shall be their candidates. No manshould be a successful candidate who has not commendedhimself to public attention by a virtuous andhonest life. We have a national character andexistence to perpetuate, and this can never be doneuntil some expedient is adopted to defeat unprincipledmen, who disregard alike private morality, thepublic interests and common courtesy.'     clustered 
