 PROF. COWLES—Slavery exists here on the Easternshore of Maryland, in good earnest. A coloredman, a few days since, in this neighborhood, waskilled by a white man, and without the slightestprovocation, as was proven. The deceased was esteemedby all who knew him as an honest, industrious,and inoffensive man; his murderer, as a publicnuisance. However, be has wealth and prejudice inhis favor, and the sequel will show the consistencyof the 'law-loving' people of the South. ROF. OWLES Although by the laws of Maryland, this man hasforfeited life, yet we see him riding about at large.All he was compelled to do was merely to give bailfor his appearance at court in the  of $8,000,and now, if he choose, be may leave the country, andreceive no trial at all, except at that bar wherewealth and prejudice can have no weight Whata difference between the lattice of our heavenlyFather and that of man! This is nothing more orless, then contempt for the laws. There to no morelaw for Um colored man in Stave States than thereis for dogs.  We add to the above the following additional testimonyfrom a Southern man: 'It has not been long since there was a runawaybrought into our town half doubled up with theweight of irons around his neck,(twenty-five pounds,)which he had worn for ten months. This iron collarwas so arranged as to have a bell to it, behind hisback. When he was brought in, a crowd collectedaround him to know where he was from, and whobe belonged to, and in the crowd was one, a non-slaveholder,more bold than any of the rest, whospoke, and said, 'Take off his irons, takeoff hisirons. But there was one old gray-headed man,one of the first men in our county, spoke up andsaid, 'Oh, no, no; I would not take off his irons;make the black rascal keep them on.' And, sir, Ihad seen that same old man, the day before, receivethe holy asserment.' receivethe holy asserment. However virtuously or religiously inclined a coloredfemale may be, her person to not exempt fromprostitution by her brutal oppressors. Nothing tomore common, (I speak advisedly,) than raping coloredgirls. Indeed, it is esteemed a mark of manliness;nor does the fact, though known, lower theman in the esteem of the other sex, so common isthis degrading practice. And yet there is heremuch or a certain refinement and polish of manners.Bet, alas, how little real virtue.'—Oberlin Evangelist. Oberlin Evangelist. 
