 We are now in the midst of the May meetings,and London is crowded with religious and benevolentmen, from all parts of the country. Nor are ourmetropolitan visitors confined to our own countrymenfrom various parts of the land. There aremany foreigners among us,—no inconsiderable portionof whom are Americans. And of these Transatlantic visitors to our shores,a goodly number are ministers of the Evangelicaldenomination in the United States. So far well.—Thatin itself would, to our minds, be a recommendationrather than otherwise. But unhappily therenot only a grievous brawback to the pleasure withwhich we should otherwise welcome these Americandivines, but there is the extinction of the pleasurealtogether, and the substitution of feelings of anopposite kind. The Evangelical ministers of the Gospel in theUnited States are, with but few exceptions, upholdersof the iniquitous system of slavery. And it sohappens, that those Transatlantic pro-slavery divinesare just the men who take the greatest fancy to comeover to this country to attend our May meetings. The question then presents itself—In what wayought the Evangelical denominations of England totreat these American advocates and abettors ofslavery? We can have no hesitation, no scruplesin answering the question. Shut the doors of privatehouses, and the pulpits in our churches andchapels, against them. Have no intercourse withthem in any way. Regard them as men whosesouls are reddened with the blood of the slaves inthe Southern States. The number of human beingsheld in appalling bondage in these States, exceeds3,000,000. It is awful to think that a system whichbrutalizes the minds and destroys the souls andbodies of such vast numbers of human beings,would long before now have been shivered to atoms,but for the interposing offices of the ministers ofreligion. It is on their shoulders that the load ofAmerican slavery rests,—a heavier load, by far, thanthat which Atlas supported when subjected to thepressure of the great globe itself. They are notonly the apologists and advocates of slavery, but nota few of their number are holders of slaves. Andnearly all of them receive into church membershipmen who live by trafficking in the liberty and lives,in the bodies and the souls, of their colored fellow-creatures.Not one whit less guilty do we holdthese Evangelical divines to be, than the actualholders of the slaves; for they are presumed to havegreater light, and to have formed for themselves amore exalted standard of feeling and of action, thanthose have done who have, from their earliest years,been surrounded by the unholy influences of slavery. Since then, these ministers of religion are themain pillars of the hideous edifice of slavery, itbecomes the bounden duty of the Evangelical denominationsof England to shut our doors in theirfaces, when they come over among us. Fidelity tothe principles of the Gospel calls on the various religiousbodies in this country, to express their abhorrenceof the conduct of these American divines,in a way which will prove more impressive thanmore words. Men on whose consists greater amountof blood-guiltiness rests, are not likely to be muchaffected by that condemnation of their conduct,which confines itself to words. Remonstrances,reasonings, reproaches, rebukes, make no more impressionon the hard hearts of these Transatlanticdivines, than the rain does on the adamantine rock.If their minds are to be reached at all, it can onlybe by their finding that Christiana in this countryturn away from them with a shudder, and refuse tohave any intercourse with them, either of a religiousor social nature. And the man in this country who does notagree to adopt this course, becomes more or lessdeeply implicated in their guilt. Not to give anunmistakable practical protest against a systemwhich is the masterpiece of Satanic ingenuity andmalevolence in sinking combination, would be tobecome partaken in the sin of American slavery. Ifthe religious denominations of England would keepthemselves free from the guilt which the Transatlanticchurches have contracted, they must shutthere hearts, their homes, and their pulpits, againstthose of their pro-slavery divines who visit ourshores. We shall watch, with a vigilant eye, theway in which those abettors of the greatest enormityof the age are received by the ministers ofreligion in this country, and shall not shrink fromdenouncing any one, be he who he may, who can sofar forget what he owes alike to oar common humanityand common Christianity, as to bold out the handfriendship to the 'evangelical' upholders ofslavery from the other side of the Atlantic. We have often dwelt on the incalculable injurywhich the churches of the United States inflict onthe cause of Christianity, by the support which theyafford to the system which enslaves, degrades,and, in innumerable cases, murders the colored populationof that country. It is true, that Christianityis not responsible for the enormities which are practicedin its name. Nothing could be in more entireantagonism to the spirit of Christianity then thecolossal monstrosity of Transatlantic slavery; but,unhappily, the unreflecting masses will not discriminatebetween the religion of the New Testament,and those who not only profess to have embraced it,but habitually Breech its doctrines, and inculcate itsprecepts. Who can fuel surprised that, under thesecircumstances, Christianity should suffer, and infidelityprosper on the other side of the AtlanticWe may regret it; we may end we do deeply deploreIt, but it does not excite out wonder. Themarvel would be constituted as human nature is,Were the fact otherwise. And not content with abetting slavery themselvesthe American churches fiercely assail every one whoembarks in the enterprise of seeking the extinctionof the atrocious system. They hold up the Abolitioniststo the scorn of the world, and hurl theirdeadliest bolts at their devoted heads. The Abolitionistsare denounced as a band of infidels, leaguedtogether for the purpose of spreading their infidelityunder the mask of a fervent friendship for the slave.We have never ceased to express our deep regret,that so many of the most zealous and devoted laborersin the anti-slavery field are rejecters of revelation;but assuming the representation of the Evangelicalsof America to be correct,—that they are aconfederacy of unbelievers, what an awful reflectionon the Christianity, not of the New Testament, butof America—for the two things are quite different,—that it should be reserved for the infidels of thatgreat continent to be Um leading laborers in thewide field of humanity, of right, and of civil freedom.Shame, we say, on American Christianity, that itshould be so. And though we disclaim all sympathywith the scepticism and the infidelity of those of theAbolitionists, of whom scepticism or infidelity maybe predicated, yet on the great question of slaverythey exhibit a bright and blessed contrast to theEvangelicals on the other side of the Atlantic; andwith them, therefore, on that momentous question,we shall never cease to co-operate with all the cordialityof which our nature is susceptible. Wewould prefer seeing the superstructure razed to theground by Christian agencies, just as it was throughan evangelical instrumentality that the slave tradewas abolished under the auspices of WILBERFORCE,CLARKSON, and others; but since American Christianityis friendly instead of hostile to the perpetuationof Transatlantic slavery, we shall fight the greatbattle of humanity side by side with those fromwhose views on religions questions we entirely dissent. America American ILBERFORCE LARKSON American 
