 JAMES PHILLIPS, a colored man, who has beenworking peaceably and honestly for the last fourteenyears at Harrisburg, Pa., where he has a wife andchildren, was seized on the 24th ult. as a fugitiveslave, while at his regular work of driving team forthe Railroad Company, hurried before CommissionerR. McAllister, where, on the strength of testimonythat would not have proved the title to a dog, he wasadjudged to be a stave. The American Standardthus closes its account of this business:— AMES HILLIPS American Standard Mr. McKinney then addressed the Commissioneron the illegality of some of the testimony given,the indefiniteness and insufficiency of the evidence asto the ownership by the claimant and the allegedescape, and the want to proof to justify as order ofremoval. The Commissioner, however, drew out the papersalready drawn up, and filled in the name of JamesPhillips. Mr. Rawn called the attention of the Commissionerto such a singular way of doing business;to which he replied, that if he waited until the hearingof the case, he would have to stay up all night tomake them out, &c. The alleged fugitive was thenhanded over to the custody of the officers, and immediatelyconveyed directly across the street into Dauphincountry jail. The entire street was filled withcitizens of both sexes, and when Phillip's wife sawhim dragged into the prison door, she gave vent toher feelings in the most agonizing screams, whichrent the air as she was conveyed to her desolatehome. Fathers and mothers of families, who hadnever witnessed the practical workings of the infamousSlave Law, no openly denounced it, and anentire revolution in public sentiment, displayed itselfthroughout the borough. In the morning, at 6 o'clock, Phillips was taken inthe cars to Baltimore, and at 4 in the afternoon toVirginia. So great was the feeling manifested, thatan agent was dispatched to Baltimore to ascertainthe price set on Phillips, and purchase his freedom,to which our citizens very generously and very liberallycontributed; but up to the time of our goingto press, no further news has been received beyondthe safe arrival of the agent in Baltimore and hisexpectation of their bringing Phillips back to thatcity to be sold. Postscript.—Mr. Shell has returned from Baltimorewithout procuring any tidings. It is pred theofficers have taken Phillips on to Richmond. Arrangementsare being made to send immediatelyanother agent all the way to Fauquier county, Va. Postscript.  
