 Under the above caption, the New York Mirror ofTuesday last has a well written article. The Editorof the Mirror pays particular attention to a worklately published by Jewett &co., New York, writtenby Mrs. Harriet Beecher Stowe, entitled 'UncleTom's Cabin.' This work, through the extraordinaryexertion of the Abolitionists, has obtained animmense circulation. It is said that the sale of'Uncle Tom's Cabin' has already reached fifty thousandcopies, and that arrangements have been madeto print ten thousand copies per week. Immenseexertions are being made by the abolitionists to circulatethe work, and for this purpose a resolutionhighly landatory of the book was introduced by amember of the Anti-Slavery Society, in the meetingheld in New York city last week. Mirror Mirror The abolitionists everywhere are exulting in thesale of this pernicious work. The Pittsburgh Gazettesays: 'We rejoice to see this extensive circulation ofMrs. Stowe's admirable book, partly on her own account,but much more on account of the cause it waswritten to promote—the downfall of slavery.' It therefore behaves the friends of the Unionand we class among the friends of the Union allwho love our country and its glorious institutions,and hate the deception of the old world, to be upand during in shaking every effort to counteract theevil, and one way to do this we will presently show. The enthusiastic abolition fanatics know full wellthat the great mass of the people cannot be inducedto listen to their mad ravings, or read their essays;they therefore expert, through cunningly written fictions,to instill treasonous ideas, and keep up theagitation which has so long disturbed the peace ofthe people of our fair land—hence the active exertionsto scatter broadcast over the country Mrs.Stowe's work. In order to meet the fallacies of this abolitiontale, it would be veil if the friends of the Unionwould array fiction against fiction. Meet the disunionistswith their own chosen weapon, and they arefoiled. Mrs. Stowe's work does not meet with such a readysale on account of the polished and seductive mannerin which it is written, as much as it dues for its abolitionnotions. It is this that causes their leaders inthe assembly, and in their private walks, to recommend'Uncle Tom's Cabin,' and urge its extensivecirculation. Mrs. Stowe's work does not meet with such a readysale on account of the polished and seductive mannerin which it is written, as much as it dues for its abolitionnotions. The friends of the Union have no work of fictionenforcing and defending the guaranties of the Constitution,or advocating the rights of our Southernbrethren; but the sooner we have, the better; thepeople love light attractive reading, and it is in disseminatingworks of this kind that the fancy is pleasedand the mind influenced. 
