 If we may believe the clerk of the Forest CityHouse, in C, the whole travelling communityare now suffering under the most violent paroxyof this disease, and it is the especial business of hotelkeepers to accommodate themselves to the insanevagaries it may prompt.   When Fredrick Douglass was on his way toCincinnati, he stopped in Cleveland at the ForestCity House. The following is Mr. Douglass's narrativeof the transactions there: But to the incident, to which I design the foregoingas the preface. On arriving at Cleveland, andfinding that the train had departed for Cincinnati. Iwent to the 'Forest City Hotel' to pass the night. Iwas readily received, and handed a book by theclerk, in which he desired me to write my name, myplace of residence, and my destination; with all ofwhich, I complied with alacrity; feeling greatlypleased that my entrance had not at once subjectedme to insult; for such is the hard fate of the coloredtraveler, that instead of being grateful for kindness,he has to thank his fellow-men for allowing him thecommonest amenities of life, and permitting him topass among them without insult. The civility extendedto me at the commencement, induced thehope that nothing would occur during the twenty-fourhours which I was to pass there, to ripple the currentof good feeling which appeared to exist. Thefollowing circumstances will show the deceitfulnessof outward appearances, and the groundlessness ofmy hope. Forest City Hotel At the ringing of the morning bell for breakfast,I made my way to the table, supposing myself includedi the call; but I was scarcely seated, whenthere stepped up to me a young man, apparentlymuch agitated, saying: 'Sir, you must leave this table?''And why,' said I, 'must I leave this table?''I want to controversy with you. You must leavethis table.' I replied 'that I had regularly enrolledmyself as a boarder in that house; I expected to paythe same charges imposed upon others; and I cameto the table in obedience to the call of the bell; andif I left the table, I must know the reason.' 'Wewill serve you in your room. It is against our rules.''You should have informed me of your rules earlier.Where are your rules? Let me see them.' 'I don'twant any altercation with you. You must leave thistable.' 'But have I not deported myself as a gentleman?What have I done? Is there any gentleman?who objects to my being seated here?' (There wassilence round the table.) 'Come, sir, come, sir,you must leave this table at once.' 'Well, sir, Icannot leave it unless you will give me a better reasonthan you have done for my removal.' 'Well, I'llgive you a reason, if you'll leave the table and go toanother room.' 'That, sir, I will not do. You haveinvidiously selected me out of all this company,to be dragged from this table, and have thereby reflectedupon me as a man and a gentleman; and thereason for this treatment shall be as public as theinsult you have offered.' At these remarks, my carrot-headedassailant left me, as he said, to get helpto remove me from the table. Meanwhile I called uponone of the servants (who appeared to wait upon mewith alacrity) to help me to a cup of coffee, and assistingmyself to some of the good things before me,I quietly and thankfully partook of my morning mealwithout further annoyance. To relieve the picturea little. I must mention that the proprietor of thehouse was absent; and I was informed that the conductof his clerk was unauthorized. I am persuadedthat such treatment will meet with no favor with alarge and increasing class on the Western Reserve;and that such proscription, like that on the railroadsof New England, will pass away under the enlighteninginfluences of anti-slavery discussion, and thepractical assertion of their rights by colored men. your rules as he said The True Democrat, in alluding to it, expressedthe conviction that such treatment of gentlemanlyguest, as Mr. Douglass received from the clerk,was by no means a fair representation of the characterof the house. In reply, the clerk issues acard, assuring the 'traveling public' that this treatmentor worse, is just what the travelling public demand,ant that it should be his especial business togratify their whim in this particular. We publish this statement, that that portion ofthe travelling public which may visit Cleveland, andwho have sufficient self-respect to feel the insult offeredthem by the Forest City House, may henceforthavoid it. On Mr. Douglass's return, a similar dent occurredon board the steamer Queen City. We givethe account in Mr. Douglass's own words:—  On the steamer Queen City from Cleveland toBuffalo, I met with another illustration of AmericanServility and toadyism. The facts are similar toThose that transpired at the Forest City Hotel, withthe exception that, on this occasion, the scamp whowas about to drag me from the table was rebukedfrom an unexpected quarter, and never was there amore striking instance of Northern servility, then followedthat rebuke. I was taking my seat, unwittingly,opposite to a Kentuckian, and a slaveholder, and knewnot of it until in a firm and commanding tone, hebade the fellow to depart, and to allow the gentlemanto take his seat, adding that 'he was a Southerner?This was enough. The contemptible creatureof brief authority, skulked away like a spaniel atthe stamp of his master. I had no further trouble,but received thereafter, marked attention from allquarters. In subsequent conversation with thechivalrous Southerner, I found that he was no less aperson than the Hon. Mr. Marshall, Representativeto Congress, from California. Thus, going andcoming from Cincinnati, I was afforded an opportunityto bear effective testimony against the unhallowedspirit of caste and proscription. he was a Southerner 
