 We have already expressed the conviction that themotives of Governor Hunt had been very falselyrepresented with respect to the pardon of the coloredman, Snowden. The whole matter is set at restby the following letter from the Governor to theHon. Edwin D. Morgan, Senator from this city, byWhose permission we give it publicity.—N.Y. Com.Advertiser. N.Y. Com.Advertiser. ALBANY, May 22, 1852. LBANY DEAR SIR,—I reply with pleasure to your inquiryin relation to the pardon of James P. Snowden, acolored convict. EAR IR The newspaper statements to which you refer areerroneous in several important particulars. An applicationwas made to me a few days before histerm expired to pardon him on the ground of his innocence. It was clearly established by the proofs presentedto me, that he had been convicted of a crime whichhe never committed. He was sent to the State Prisonfor a larceny which never occurred. Under thesecircumstances, I consider his Imprisonment a clearviolation of law. I granted the pardon, therefore, not a an favor butas a right. It was an exercise of justice, and not ofmercy. In my action upon this as upon all similarapplications, I intended to be governed by the intrinsicmerits of the case. It was not known to methat he was a fugitive slave. At the time of granting the pardon I had noknowledge, or suspicion, that Snowden was the sameperson, referred to in the letter addressed to me byDr. Allen Thomas, of Maryland. Indeed, it did notOccur to my mind that I had received such a letteruntil my attention was subsequently called tothe fact. This inadvertence will no surpriseyou, who know something of the immense pressureupon the Executive for pardons, and of the hundredsof applications constantly pending before me. On referring to the letter of Dr. Thomas, I findthat it contain no expression or intimation of a designto pursue and reclaim Snowden as a fugitiveslave. It was not for me to assume that his inquirywas made with any such intention. It is the firstinstance that has come to my knowledge where adistant owner has attempted to regain possession ofa slave who had been convicted of felony. When it has been satisfactory shown that an innocentman is confined in the State Prison. I havenever stopped to inquire whether he is black orwhite, bond or free. To detain him longer wouldbe a flagrant subversion of law and justice. To you, who know me, I am certain that no assuranceis needed to satisfy you that I am incapable ofexercising my office with a view to defeat the executionof the fugitive slave law or any other law. Myexplicit avowals in favor of the constitutional compromises,and against further sectional collisions,are before the public. Of my liability to err in theexercise of the pardoning power, none can be sofully conscious as myself. When I consider the labor and embarrassmentwhich are inseparable from the discharge of this responsibilityin a large State like ours, it does notsurprise me that erroneous inferences should beadopted in some cases, by persons having imperfectknowledge of the facts governing my action. ButI have learned to regard unjust censures and injuriousComments with that calm composure and unconcernwhich spring from conscious rectitude of purpose I remain, with great regard, yours truly, WASHINTON HUNT. ASHINTON UNT. To the Hon. Edwin D. Morgan, Senator. 
