 General Schenck, in his Ohio speech, takes theground that suffrage and representation should beidentical; and while he is willing that the rebelStates should exclude the blacks from voting, he insiststhat they should not be counted in the basis ofrepresentation. This scheme would deprive thelate slave States of thirty members of the House ofRepresentatives and thirty electors for President,which they would have if the blacks as well aswhites were counted; and it would do away withone of the gravest objections to the present plan ofreconstruction—that it at once deprives the negroesof the most important privilege of citizenship, whileit makes their mere presence in their respective localitiesa source of immense political power to theirlate masters. This power is great enough to givein some places a voter recently in arms against theGovernment twice, and in other places thrice, theinfluence in the election of President and membersof the House of Representatives, which is enjoyedby a voter in Ohio and New York. But General Schenck's scheme requires anamendment to the Constitution before it can go intoeffect, and it seems to us impossible that such anamendment should receive the assent of three-fourthsof the Stales, as General Schenck would includein the enumeration all the rebel communities,whose basis of representation it would affect. TheDemocratic party in the free States would opposeit, and so would a large portion of the Republicanparty. The Republicans would be inclined to thinkthat a State could not be said to have that "republicanform of government" which the Constitutionguarantees, where one-half of the free citizens werenot counted in the basis of representation, any morethan it could be said to have that form where one-halfof the free citizens were excluded from theright of suffrage. But the most damaging objection to the scheme,from a republican point of view, would be its effectin delivering over the black population, bound bandand foot, to the tender mercies of Stale legislation.Forming no part of the national political power ofthe South by their numbers, they would be relentlesslyoppressed by the whites who had control Ofthe States in which they dwelt. They would becounted out, not only of politics, but of justice andhumane feeling; and their condition as nominalfreemen would probably be worse than as chattelslaves. In fact, the only solution of the question isto withhold suffrage from the rebel whites until it isgiven to the loyal blacks, and to let the former understandthat they will be under military rubs untilthe great body of she freemen, black as well aswhite, are "qualified" as voters.—Boston Transcript. Boston Transcript. 
