 [We have the grateful privilege of laying beforeuse readers a letter from a veteran philanthropist—perhaps, if we except Lord Brougham, the earliestliving advocate of emancipation. Monsieur Tourgueseffbelongs by birth to the Russian nobility. Heparticipated in the closing campaigns of the finalcoalition against Napoleon I., and afterwards held ahigh office in the state department of his native country,and was the intimate and respected adviser ofAlexander I. When that well-meaning but feeble-willedmonarch died in 1825, there was an émute infavor of a constitutional government which waspromptly and bloodily suppressed by Nicholas. M.Tourgueneff, who was at that time abroad for hishealth, was most unjustly implicated in this attempt,and capitally condemned. From that time till 1857,as he states below, he lived an exile, for some time inEngland, but chiefly in France, his real cause of offencebeing not his political views which were indeedliberal, but his conspicuous zeal in behalf of his unfortunatecountrymen who languished in serfdom.In 1847 he published a work entitled "Russia and theRussians," in three volumes, in which he both gave asketch of his own life and efforts in behalf of emancipation,and discussed at length the plan which, in hisnature judgment, would be most successful for thatdeliverable end. He there expressed his conviction thatthe deliverer of the serfs could be no other than theautocrat himself, and events have approved his sagacity.a few weeks ago, we wrote to congratulatehim on the accomplishment of his heart's desire, andin express the hope that he might favor The Nation,and though it the people of the United States, withhis observations of the workings of emancipation inRussia. The following is his response. It is doublyvaluable from its direct and indirect bearing upon theown great questions that concern the freedmen ofAmerica—land and suffrage.—Ed. Nation.] émute The Nation Ed. Nation. To the Editor of The Nation: To the Editor of The Nation: You are quite right when you mention the immensesatisfaction I felt in seeing, by the emancipationof the serfs in Russia, the wishes of my wholelife fulfilled. After thirty-three years of absence, itwas given me to see my native land again. It wasin 1857, the memorable moment when the EmperorAlexander first raised the question of emancipation,and declared it was time for it to be accomplished.As might have been expected, the idea of emancipationmet with great opposition from differentsides. Yet I must say, the opposition was directednot so much against the personal emancipation ofthe serfs as against the appropriation to them, whenliberated, of the land they held. The proprietors,assembled in different committees which were establishedall over the empire to discuss the matter,ended even by giving up their right of possession inthe person of the serf, and, mentioning only theirright to the land occupied by the peasants, claimedpecuniary indemnities if that land were deliveredto them. The honorable gentlemen whom the Emperorentrusted with this important task, forming acommittee and hoc, declared from the first as a principlethat the emancipated peasants must have land,about in the same quantity as they had hithertooccupied, on condition of a pecuniary indemnity tobe paid to the proprietors. That principle prevailed,thanks to the Emperors firmness. hoc During the discussion of that question in Russia,I published several writings on the matter.* Mychief purpose and warmest desire being to secureto the peasants as soon as possible their personalfreedom and complete liberty of labor, I proposed amethod of emancipation claiming the entire propertyof their homes—that is to say, cottages andorchards, and a small quantity of arable land, andthat without the slightest indemnity from them totheir masters, which was to be left to Government.A sum of about two hundred millions of dollars, accordingto my calculation, would have been sufficientfor it. * Meanwhile, I inherited a small landed property,†inhabited by about four hundred persons of bothsexes. I hastened to Russia, and put in practicemy method. I abandoned one-third of the land,including their houses, to the peasants, and let themthe two remaining thirds for a certain sum ofmoney. In my agreement with them it was settledthat, if the emancipation which the Governmentwas preparing (1859) turned out more advantageousto them, they were to accept it in preference tomine. It is needless to add, that when the officialemancipation was proclaimed, the peasants and myselffound it more advantageous, and adopted it.If I were to compare the two methods, I should saythat mine tended chiefly to the liberty of the peasantsperson and labor, and that of the Governmentto give them a quantity of land sufficient for theirsubsistence. The great inconvenience of this lastmethod is, that it obliges the peasants to pay aheavy rent to redeem their land, and that duringforty-nine years! Nevertheless, their passion toposses land is so strong that they cheerfully submitto such hard conditions. The redeeming rent(rente de rachat) must be paid by the peasants eitherin money, according to an estimation fixed by law,or by work done by the proprietor, i. e., by corvées.This last mode of payment, sanctioned by law onlyfor a short period, disappears more and more everyday so that the majority of he peasants even nowdo not work for the proprietors, but pay their rentin money. I can say more: about two millions ofpeasants are now entirely liberated with regard tothe proprietors, thanks to an immediate payment ofthe redeeming rent. In such cases their annualrent (redevance) is capitalized, and the Governmentgives the proprietor an obligation for theamount of the capital, which bears five per cent.interest, and will be redeemed in the course offorty-nine years by annual drawings (tirages). Thepeasants then pay their redeeming rent to Government,and thus become free and independent proprietors.Since some time, both peasants and proprietorsseem to find this proceeding the most profitable,and agreements of this kind become more andmore frequent every day. † rente de rachat corvées. redevance tirages I can hardly say how happy I was when I saw,last year, for the first time, my dear, beloved, anddeeply respected Russian peasants free at last, andproprietors of the land they had till then cultivatedas serfs! What a change! The same creatures,serfs yesterday, are now men, conscious of theirhuman dignity; their aspect, their language, arethose of free men. In the meanwhile, in gettingrid of their serfdom, they have preserved theirusual good sense, wisdom, and bonhomie: no impertinence,no arrogance whatever, can be detected inthem; titer are full of self-respect, yet polite. Isaw them discussing with the authorities some businessof theirs: they maintained their new rights,and when wrong, never hesitated to acknowledgeit. Yon may have seen in my book,* sir, that Ialways bad a high opinion of the Russian peasants'moral qualities. Well, all I saw last year was beyondmy expectation. bonhomie: * Your reformers can tell you, that, in loving dearlythe slaves, one can hardly help feeling a verydifferent sentiment towards their owners. To befair, I must say that I am perfectly reconciled withthe Russian proprietors. Although many of themwere not delighted with emancipation, now it is accomplishedthere is no vestige of animosity betweenthe two classes, nobles and peasants: a happy reconciliationhas taken place. It is true, in thisagain example came from the peasants; the greatmerit of Die nobles is in having at last acknowledgedtheir moral worth. You will excuse me, sir, if I go on praising theRussian peasants; but quite lately their behavior,in circumstances very important for themselves andthe country in general, was to striking and noblethat it deserves the attention of every serious andbenevolent man. The facts are these. You perhapshave read in the newspapers that the RussianGovernment issued a law on the municipal organizationof the country. It is founded upon just andwise principles; it is very like what was formerlytried in France by the celebrated Turgot, or whatexists now in Belgium, and is by far more liberalthan the present French municipal system. Every district and every chef-lieu has every yearan assembly of deputies who name a permanentcommittee for three years. This committee ischarged with the municipal administration, underthe control of the assembly. Every one is calledby law to the election of deputies. Well, it happenedin many places that the peasants were themore numerous, and could, therefore, dispose of allthe places in the administrative committee. Theywere so informed. "No," was their answer; "wewant one or two members of the committee takenfrom amongst ourselves: they will watch over ourinterests. As for defending them, as for action, thenobles we name will do it better than we, for theyare more learned than we are." In one of the assembliesthe nobles, moved by the tact and moderationof the peasants, insisted, and almost forced apeasant to become president of the administrativecommittee of the district. When the salary of themembers of the committee had to be decided, thepeasants generally considered it too high for them,and, letting the nobles and the merchants have it,got it diminished by one-half for themselves. Wemust not forget that the men who behave in thisway towards their former lords and masters wereserfs yesterday, and that they are for the first timecalled to discuss not only their own affairs—whichthey were used to, thanks to the ancient organizationof the Russian commune—but the generalaffairs of a whole district also. Do not think, however,that their modesty reaches total abnegation.In one district the nobles, full of the prejudiceswhich are now so absurd, showed some displeasurein finding themselves side by side with peasants,acting the same part as they, voting with them, andso on. There the peasants knew how to maintaintheir rights and independence, and voted for menof their own class. chef-lieu action All the district assemblies, after having voted theformation of the administrative committee, namethe deputies for the larger assembly in the chieftown in the province, which, of its turn, choosesamong its own members the members for the provincialadministrative committee. The central committeeseems to interest the peasants less than thoseof the districts, and this too is owing to their modestyand moderation. In the course of time theywill learn that they, as well as the nobles, can playa pert in the general committees. Another field is offered by the new law to theactivity of the peasants in the local or municipaltribunals. The law unites several rural communesin one canton (volost). Each canton, each commune,chooses an ancient, assisted by a conceil. Inevery canton is a tribunal to judge the peasants'affairs. Ancients and judges are elected by peasants;noblemen are not submitted to these tribunals,but it has happened that some of them preferredhaving their difficulties with peasants settled bymunicipal judges rather than by the usual tribunals.This jurisdiction, established merely for peasants,has great importance, owing chiefly to theprivilege of deciding, not only according to generallaw, but also according to local customs. Opportunitieshave not been wanting for the good sense ofthe peasants to show itself in these municipal tribunalsand councils, and the success of the institutionis clear to every one. volost ancient conceil. After expatiating at such length on the Russianemancipation, allow me, sir, to say a few wordsabout another emancipation also accomplished bythe Russian Government. I am the more desirousbecause it seems to me to be little known; in Europe,and to be appreciated in a very insufficientand erroneous manner. I mean the emancipationin the Kingdom of Poland. The Polish peasantsin the grind duchy of Warsaw were, it is true, proclaimedpersonally free by a decree of Napoleon I.,and the introduction of the French code civil; but,in fact, they remained in the same condition as before,on account of the law which united in thehands of the proprietor the judicial and executivepower, with the right of corporal punishment. Thepeasants were always unhappy in Poland: the Polisharistocracy, whom history adorns with suchbrilliant qualities, could never be praised for theChristian virtue of brotherly love, if they ever consideredthe peasants as brethren. Their indifferencefor the fate of the peasants contributed mostto the decline and fall of that unfortunate nation.A paper published in the Quarterly Review (April,1863) exposes the state of Poland in that respect ina very striking manner. I have explained withsome detail the emancipation of the Polish peasantsin a paper, written in Russia, which I intend publishing.The third and last chapter speaks of theKingdom of Poland, and is translated in French.Tint translation, as yet unprinted, I can send youif you like, and you may put it to whatever purposeyou choose. code civil Quarterly Review I have felt, as you may well imagine, the mostsincere interest in all that has been going on inAmerica during these latter years. I lamented,from the depths of my soul, the death of your President,who, by the strength of his honesty, the firmnessof his noble mind, placed his name in historynext to the greatest man of modern times, your immortalWashington! I lamented his death themore because his latest speeches and manifestationsmade us hope that the glorious triumph of theNorth Americans would put an end to all the evilssuffered by every one in your country. The promotersof the criminal and immoral insurrectionhave undoubtedly deserved the highest punishment,but they have undergone it already, they suffer itstill. In fact, what punishment can be more cruelthan to witness the whole world applauding the triumphof the North, the triumph of right and liberty,and the total ruin of the cause those miserable menhave been fighting for? Compared with such afailure, all ordinary punishment seems a trifle, a deliverancerather. As to the negroes, who must just now particularlypreoccupy those who have spent their lives in defendingthe unhappy creatures, I see with intensepleasure that many distinguished men in Americaare trying to secure for them the right of suffrage.As I write, I have on my table the Anti-SlaveryStandard of July 1, and I find therein Gov. Holden'sdiscourse the following words: "No peoplehas ever yet bounded at once into the full enjoymentof the right of self-government." It seems tome that the poor negroes, in receiving the right ofsuffrage, would not, by that atone, enjoy at onceself-government; and I, think that, putting asideboth right and expediency, the general welfare requiresthe removal (as far as it is possible) of all thebarriers that unfortunately exist between the tworaces. If you deprive the blacks of the right ofsuffrage, you continue to keep them aside, separatedfrom the community; and, in spite of personal liberty,they will always be considered by the whitesand by themselves as pariahs; and that feelinghas certainly its inconveniences—even its dangers.One must not chaffer with man for the rights ofman. The rights that law, in whatever country,gives men must be the same for every one. Thewords of the Hon. Governor find, in my opinion, astriking refutation in what took place and is stilltaking place in Russia and Poland. The peasantsthere did not "bound at once" from the state ofserfs to that of freemen, but enjoy, nevertheless, asreal a self-government as the political state of thecountries allows. Evidently our peasants were in acondition far superior to that of the negroes, but itis just on account of their inferiority that the mostefficacious means must be employed to change theirstate; and nothing can be better than the right ofsuffrage, elevating them at once to the same levelwith the whites. Prejudices alone would then remainto be deplored and fought against; the lawwould be free from all reproach, the legislator wouldhave done all he could possibly do. Anti-SlaveryStandard Under the impression of what is going on in myown country, I cannot help wishing that the Americanswould give the freedmen some land, not, ofcourse, in sending them to settle far away as colons,but in allowing them to settle wherever they canhave some land of their own. Then only will theyfeel sod appreciate the advantages of a free andindependent life. Then only will they try to increasetheir welfare, and that would certainly givehands to the great proprietors for cultivating theircotton. The freedman, when once he has understoodthe advantages of working on his small bit ofland, will not be satisfied with it alone: he will goand look for other work, in order to make his lifemore and more easy and happy. Accept, sir, my best compliments and kind regard. N. TOURGUENEFF. Vert-Bois, July 14, 1865. Vert-Bois *"L'organisation des blens des Apanages, en vue deEmancipation des payeans selgueuriaux." [Aug., 1857.]"Résumé des disposition basées sur le reserit impérial du20 novembre, 1857." [Mar., 1858.] "Pora! (It esttemps!)" [Oct., 1856—July, 1858.] "La question deEmancipation et la question. l'administration des paysans."[Oct., 1858.] "Un dernier mot sur l'émancipationdes sefts en Russie." [1860.] Besides numerous articles.—Ed. Nation. *"L'organisation des blens des Apanages, en vue deEmancipation des payeans selgueuriaux." [Aug., 1857.]"Résumé des disposition basées sur le reserit impérial du20 novembre, 1857." [Mar., 1858.] "Pora! (It esttemps!)" [Oct., 1856—July, 1858.] "La question deEmancipation et la question. l'administration des paysans."[Oct., 1858.] "Un dernier mot sur l'émancipationdes sefts en Russie." [1860.] Besides numerous articles.—Ed. Nation. Ed. Nation. † The commune of Starodoub.—Ed. Nation. † The commune of Starodoub.—Ed. Nation. Ed. Nation. *"The class of Russian serfs has always been, aboveand before all, the object of my affections—affections themore lively as I have never seen any one render these menthe justice which is their due . . . Yes, I love those goodRussian serfs, and even to the sacred heard which still distinguishesthem, everything in them is for me an object ofrespect." [La Russie et les russes, 1847.]—Ed. Nation. *"The class of Russian serfs has always been, aboveand before all, the object of my affections—affections themore lively as I have never seen any one render these menthe justice which is their due . . . Yes, I love those goodRussian serfs, and even to the sacred heard which still distinguishesthem, everything in them is for me an object ofrespect." [La Russie et les russes, 1847.]—Ed. Nation. La Russie et les russes, 1847. Ed. Nation. 
