 Extract from an interesting speech delivered byGen. Howard, of the Freedmen's Bureau, at a recentmeeting of the Maine Freedmen s Relief Society:— I see that it is stated that Gen. Cox, who is acandidate for Governor of Ohio, has given it as theresult of his experience, and observation, that thewhile and black races cannot permanently live togetherin the country. How, I have the highestrespect for Gen. Cox. I esteem him as a thoroughsoldier, a true patriot, a Christian gentleman. Butmy experience leads me to a conclusion diametricallyopposite. If my individual likes and dislikes maybe referred so, I know that I can employ a negro,and he and I can live together; and, if that is thecase, there is no reason why another two cannot doso likewise. It shows that it is not a natural, instinctiverepugnance in us against the blacks. Further,I am conscious that I could employ twenty-fivenegroes on a farm, and live with them, not onlywithout hating them, but could love each and everyone of them. I will use that strong term.But you say, "that is not social equality." Socialequality is an absurdity. It does not exist anywhere,not here in Augusta. But, "in talking ofemploying negroes, you suppose the white man wassuperior." Perhaps in the average he is. But"would you like to see white men employed by negroes?"In answer I would say, that in Washingtonone of the wealthiest citizens is a colored man,and he employs white clerks, who cannot only endurethe degradation, but are very glad of the employment.He transacts a very large business athome and in the West. This may seem to you ananomaly—an absurdity. It is not; it is simply uncommon.There is a prejudice, and there is a conventionalismagainst it, but the prejudice is not radicalnor instinctive, and all conventionalisms are liableto change. Let me tell you my method of solving the problem—how to rid ourselves of this prejudice. It is,get more of the spirit of Christ. Thai will substitutelove for hate in our prejudices. But you willsay, "this is not practical; the love of Christ is notso wide-spread as to render this available." Well,then, interest will do it. We cannot dispense withtheir labor. Oar intercourse, which we must holdwith them as our employés, will serve to dissipateour prejudices. This is my opinion, and I can backit up with facts. Maryland has become a free Stateby her own act. In the southern part of Marylandthe slave-owners were devoted to the institution.It was of "divine origin." Slavery was the "normalcondition of the black race." they hung toit as long as they could, but fortunately in thenorthern part of the State were brave men, whofought against it, and they finally triumphed. Immediatelythe former owners of slaves were determinedto drive off their hands from their old homes. They could live with them as slaves, but not asfreemen. How is it now? They have agentswhom they send to Richmond and elsewhere, to collectfreedom to labor for them. They must havetheir help, and they are engaging as many as theycan get. They are willing to pay from $13 to $15for ordinary hands; they want the women for houselabor, and the prospect is that there will soon bemore negroes in that section than there were formerlyslaves and free people of color. They willhave no trouble in living with the whites, nor thewhites with them. Thus it will be everywhere. There are many other things connected withthe operations of the Bureau which I have nottouched upon. I might speak of marriage, howhard we are trying to bring families together, tohave marriages solemnized by ministers of the Gospel,and striving to encourage and secure a higherstate of morality among this people. In the matterof binding out children, too, we discountenanceall such apprenticeships, without the consent ofparents. Where it has been done without theirconsent, we help parents to find their children andbring them back. The question of colonization itsometimes brought up. We say, colonize as manyas you please, with the consent of the colonized.If they wish to go to Liberia, or elsewhere, the Governmentand the bureau will help them, but it will-forceno one. Thus it will be soon that we havedifferent systems in operation, and we shall continueto keep them in operation, until circumstancesrender any one of them detrimental to our object,when it will be immediately abandoned. Ithink that all we have to do in to aim at absolutejustice to the blacks and whites, watching the signsof the times, and keeping a steady rein. I amquite sanguine of the result. I know there are murdersin Mississippi and Georgia, and disturbanceselsewhere, but these are individual cases and notthe rule. The work is going on cooperativelywell, I think; and, while we should be prepared forany contingency, we have a right to be sanguine.I believe that when God sent us forth to liberatethis oppressed race, he did not mean that they shouldbe wholly engulphed. He intended that they shouldbe free, and free to some purpose. If we attemptto reénslave them, or to bind any heavy burdensupon them. He will chastise us again and again.The signs of the times are that God meant that weshall do right. The Bureau has to depend upon voluntary associations for a great deal of its work for sendingteachers into the field, and partially to relieve thepoor and distressed. No appropriation was madeby Congress for the work before us; and whenmoney once gets into the treasury, we cannot get itout again without special appropriation. WhenCongress meets, I shall lay our wants before it. Untilthen we must depend, to some extent, on the associationsalready formed. Of this society (theMaine Freedmen's Relief Society) you know something.Its officers are generally personally knownto you, and you are also aware that it is an auxiliaryto one of the great national associations whichgive the Bureau material aid. I am opposed to a permanent establishment inWashington, for the purposes for which the Bureaulabors. I think our only efforts should be witha view to an end of all this. The subjects are entirelymatters for State control; and when anyState shows that it is able and willing to undertakethe work—willing to take care of its own poor, andto deal justly by its colored people—we shall be disposedto let them. Not until then. The Bureau over which I have been placed is aresponsible post, and in its administration I needyour earnest support. Yet it is a work that especiallyneeds the Divine blessing. It is God'swork. It is a benevolent department of the Government,placed at Washington, that the Christianchurches and voluntary benevolent societies, and alllovers of justice, may have a friend near the headof the Government. They can rest assured thattheir interests will be cared for, so far as it is in thepower of the Bureau to do it. The responsibilitiesof the administration are yours and the country's,as well as mine; and if we discharge them in thefear of God, doing what is right in His sight, anddealing justly with the people for whose benefitthe Bureau was established, we may truly makeour nation what we all wish it to be—"a notionwhose God is the Lord." 
