 The scene at the White House on Tuesday, whenthe fire-eaters had a piece of the Executive mind,is thus described in the Washington Republican ofthat evening: Republican Some fifty persons were present, most of themseeking pardons. A Mr. Keitt of South Carolina,(not Lawrence M., be having been killed by a loyalbullet at Fort Wagner,) approached the President,and informed him that he desired a pardon. "Whathave you done?" asked Mr. Johnson. "I opposedsecession until my Stale decided to go out ofthe Union, then I determined to go with it I neverjoined the army. I did nothing to bring on the rebellion,"was toe reply. "You," rejoined the President,"are like all the rest; you did nothing. Now,"he added, "my experience is, that men who didn'tjoin the rebel army, but who acquiesced is rebellion,were the most mischievous and dangerous men wehad. I cannot pardon you, sir." Mr. Keitt madeseveral other efforts. Among other things be remindedthe President that he had come all the wayfrom South Carolina, and had been in Washingtonsome time; that hotel living here was very high, andaltogether his daily expenses were extravagantlylarge, and that he would like to get away at soon ashe could go. The President responded that the hardships ofwhich he complained were the direct results of therebellion; that he did not bring on, or contribute tobring on the rebellion; that he was not responsiblefor and could not extricate Mr. Keitt from the difficultieshe complained of, nor hasten his pardon onaccount of them. The President was firm. Hisanswer was a finality. Exit Keitt. A Mr. Birch,member of the late rebel legislature of Virginia,next approached the President, and applied for apardon. Similar questions were put to him by thePresident as were asked Mr. Keitt. From the answersit appeared that Birch did nothing, only, as amember of the Virginia Legislature, in obedienceto instructions, be voted that Virginia should secedefrom the Union of the United States. That is allhe did; that was "nothing." The President refusedto pardon him. Exit Birch. Next came a rebel clergyman who asked thePresident to grant him a pardon. "What great sinhave you committed that you come here in clericalrobes to crave Executive pardon?" "I was arebel," was the answer, "and I desire your Excellencyto pardon me that I may be restored to citizenship,and be able to support and live under the Governmentof the United Stares." "You rebel preacherr,responded the President, "have done the Governmenta great deal of harm. You have proclaimeddevilish doctrines and misled the people. Yon forgotthat it was your duty to yield to the powers thatbe. You must rest awhile upon the stool of repentance.I decline to grant you pardon at present."Exit reb. clergyman. The President here remarked, addressing the entirecrowd in the room, that it was a little singularthat most of the non-combatants who had comebore from the South for pardon assert that they didnothing, were opposed to the rebellion at the beginning,only acquiesced, and thought the rebelgovernment ought to have surrendered earner andstopped bloodshed; yet not one of them took advantageof the amnesty proclamation offered byMr. Lincoln, an act which would have shownsincerity on their part, and contributed so muchtoward saving the enormous expenditure of life andtreasure. "I will grant no more pardons for thepresent," was the emphatic conclusion of the President,and turning to Col. Browning, he directedhim to issue the order to the Attorney-General. 
