 Gen. Schenck delivered an address at Portsmouth,Ohio, on the 18th inst., in which he repeated thedeclarations concerning the President's policy madein his Chillicothe speech. At Portsmouth the Generalspoke as fallows: I may be allowed to say here, that I had an interviewwith the President just before I left Washington,some ten days ago, before coming home tomeet my fellow-citizens in the canvass for the approachingelection. I sought that interview forthe special purpose of informing myself as to hisviews in reference to the executive power, and hisgeneral purpose as to the restoration of the rebelliousStates. I knew the frankness of his character,his devotion to the country, the energy withwhich, having determined in his own mind what isright, he would pursue it to the end; I knew theresolve, which he boldly expressed on the floor ofthe Senate in the commencement of this struggle,denouncing the traitors as they deserved; and Iknew that, though he might make some mistake,there could be no mistake about his patriotism, andthat that resolution would be carried out to its fullestextent. With this confidence in our chief ruler,I sought an interview with him. In that interview I expressed to trim the doubtand jealousy that existed in the minds of the peopleof the country, and especially in the minds ofthe people of Ohio—doubts whether, under the policyhe had adopted, we were not going too fast inbringing back by untried processes these rebel Statesinto full communion with those that had never leftthe Union fold. I told him that that doubt mightperhaps rest on a misunderstanding as to the extentto which he proposed to carry that policy. I said,and I think you will justify me in Laving said so,that if his purpose was to establish temporary governments,experimental in their nature, by the appointmentof these provisional officers, in order totest their disposition to go ahead, and come back ingood faith, and with the full purpose of abiding bytheir obligations to the national government; andif, in addition to that, be proposed to keep enoughof the military power stationed in different parts ofthe late rebellious States to supervise their conduct,and reach forward the strong hand, if necessary, tokeep them in the right way, we would be satisfiedwith such experiments. And, moreover, I said wewould be better satisfied still if we should definitelyunderstand that it was no purpose of the Executiveto forestall the action of Congress, the representativesof the people, but that when they should assembleand determine whether, in addition to havingtheir local executive privilege in the States,these people were ready to return to full communionwith the government, by being represented inthe councils of the nation. I am glad to be able to say that the assurance Ihad from the President justifies me in saying that,although this was the policy be meant to pursue,it was only an experiment. He said that he hadno purpose of interfering with the action of Congress:the experiments being made were but a preparationof these people for a better and snore improvedcondition. And so far as keeping watchover them by armed force is concerned, he pointedto what had taken place in Richmond, Virginia,and assured me that where they acted in bad faithby selecting men for office because they were rebels,the military would be ready to sweep away theirwork. [Cheers.] With this understanding, I for one, as a citizenof Ohio, and representing a portion of her people,stand here to-day, giving my unqualified support tothe course pursued now by our President, intendingto wait and see what will be the outcome of thiserring people. Everybody knows how, during the progress ofthis rebellion, we have had to contrast black patriotswith white rebels. Everybody knows thatwhile the white people of the South have nearlyunanimously lifted, their parricidal hands to strikedown our national flag and destroy the governmentit represents, the poor, oppressed and downtroddenblack men, even the slaves upon their plantations,have sympathized with our Onion soldiers,and served them in every possible way. Everybodyknows that not only has this been their universaldisposition toward the Union cause, but thatin the dark hours of the nation's trial, when thestruggle was so evenly balanced that the worst fatewas feared for our cause, these blacks were calledupon to furnish their arms, their hearts, their lifeblood,in the contest that was to settle our commondestiny. And this day we have more than 100,000of them bearing their muskets, under the stars andstripes of our country. Something, therefore, isdue to them; how it shall be paid is a question yetto be decided. The President has thought it well,in attempting to lead these insurrectionary Statesback, to interfere as little as possible with the lawsof their several States. He has, therefore, whencalling upon thorn to present Constitutions that shallbe satisfactory to the rest of the nation, asked thatthey be presented as coming from those who possessedthe right of suffrage before the rebellion, andwere willing now to purge themselves of the disabilitiesto which they have recently been subjected. We know not what sort of Constitution they maypresent; whether they will provide for the enfranchisementof their late slaves, or whether they willcontinue to deny it to them. But I take the boldstand here, and am prepared to maintain it, thatwhen they present their Constitutions, whether theyprovide for negroes voting or not, until a furthercondition is complied with I shall oppose their readmissionto the privileges of the other States. Asfar as voting is concerned, I am free to admit that Iwould rather have the vote of a black man with awhite heart than the vote of a white man with ablack and rebellious heart. [Cheers.] But I amnot willing to receive either of them yet. [Renewedcheers.] I am for keeping all of them out yetawhile. I am for waiting until the work is finished—until I have proof of such disposition on the partof the rebels as will insure that no other rebellionwill again break out, and destroy our peace andprosperity. * * * If no other representative of the peoplemakes the proposition before me, I pledge to youmy promise that early in the next Congress I willpropose this further amendment, that from this timeforward, for all the States alike, the Constitution ofthe United States shall be so changed as that representationshall be founded upon voters, and notupon population. [Applause.] Let us look into this matter, and I especially askthe attention of any Democrats who may be present,for I want them to answer whether there is anythinganti-democratic or anti-republican in thisproposition. By the present three-fifths rule, supposingthe slaves still remain in bondage, the followingare some of the results: Maine, by the census of 1860, bad a populationof 626,959, and on this population was allowed fiverepresentatives. Alabama had a population, of 526,431, just 100,000less than Maine, but she was allowed, underthe three-fifths rule, seven members—two more thanMaine. seven Vermont had a population of 314,389, uponwhich she was allowed three representatives. three Sooth Carolina had a population of 291,385—20,000 less than Vermont—and upon that, becauseof the large number of her slaves, she was allowedsix representatives—twice as many as Vermont,though Vermont has the greatest free white population. six Pennsylvania, with a population of 2,849,266, isallowed twenty-four representatives; while NorthCarolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Florida,Mississippi and Louisiana, all combined, have anaggregate free population of 2,829,785—10,000 lessthan Pennsylvania alone—and yet they are allowedthirty-nine representatives—fifteen wore than thesame population in a tree State. But let the Constitution of the United States standunchanged, slavery being extinguished, and whatwill follow? Why, that the other two-fifths will berepresented: and how many of these are there inthe slave States? 1,589,212 more will be represented,when you come to add the other two-fifths.This will give to the South, in addition to the greatadvantage she already has, fourteen more votes inCongress. Then the Southern States I have mentionedin connection with Pennsylvania will havefifty votes in Congress to her twenty-four, white havingonly the same voting population. By the adoption of the amendment to the Constitutionthat I propose, it is true that it may becomea question with the people of Ohio whetherthey will, in case the South enfranchises its blackpopulation in order to get a representation for them,do the same for the colored people. For myself, Iam willing to meet the South on this ground. Ifthey can afford to give the ballot to their millions,surely we can afford to give it to our thousands. But this is a question for the future, and I shallnot discuss it new. Let us amend the Constitutionso as to make it to the interest of the SouthernStates to have their negroes vote, if they thinkproper. In the process of time, as the negroes becomeeducated, and fitted for the right of suffrage,if they wish to widen their representation by givingthem the right to vote, well and good. But, untilthey do that, they must stand where they do in regardto representation. This is the platform upon which I propose-tostand. I shall not discuss the question whether weshall force upon the rebel States negro suffrage. Iwill not discuss the question whether we shall allowthem to vote in any of the States. I would simplyso emend the Constitution in favor of freedom andin favor of equal representation, as that these peopleshall see it to their interest to let every intelligentlover of freedom vote, and give them the privilegeof so doing if they choose. 
