 MR. PRESIDENT: The first Congress under theConstitution of the United States was summoned tothe consideration of questions of transcendent importance,which excited the profound interest of thenation, and of the statesmen of that age. Hildreth,in his history of the United States, tells us that "ofall the questions discussed at this session, none producedso much excitement as one started toward theclose of it, respecting the permanent seat of theFederal Government." The Eastern States wouldhave been content to retain the seat of Governmentin the city of New York, where the ContinentalCongress had established it, but Pennsylvania soughtto win it back to Philadelphia, and Maryland, Virginia,and the Carolinas sought to fix it on the banksof the Potomac. The members of the East, supportedby Pennsylvania, hoping to conciliate the dissatisfiedmembers of the South proposed to fix thepermanent seat of Government on the Susquehanna,but the proposition was strongly and violently opposed;and they were told by even the moderateMadison, that "if that day's proceedings had beenforeseen, Virginia would never have ratified theConstitution." R. RESIDENT The House bill, locating the capital on the Susquehanna,amended by the Senate so as to fix the seatof Government in a district ten miles square adjoiningPhiladelphia, failed through the growing oppositionand manifest dissatisfaction of the men of theSouth. Thus the Congress of 1789 was stirred toits profoundest depths by the absorbing questionwhether the national capital should be located onthe banks of the Delaware, the Susquehanna, or thePotomac. These conflicting claims of sections andof interests defeated, in 1789, all propositions for thelocation of the seat of the national capital; but atthe next session, in 1790, a bargain, a compromise,was consummated between the advocates of the assumptionof the State debts, under the lead of Hamiltonand Morris, and a few members of Virginia bywhich the House of Representatives, after takingthe yeas and nays thirteen times, determined by avote of thirty two to twenty-nine, to locale the permanentcapital of the Republic on the banks of thePotomac. This victory over the North, won by theskill and determination of the statesmen of the South,placed the permanent capital of the new Republicon soil polluted by the footsteps of bondsmen. Thisearly victory of the leaders of Southern sentimentand opinion has cast its malign influence over thepolicy of the National Government. Here, for twogenerations, the statesmen of republican and ChristianAmerica have been surrounded by an atmospheretainted by the breath of the slave, and by theblinding and perverting influences of the social lifeof slaveholding society. The Constitution gave Congress the "power toexercise exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever,"over this ceded ten miles square we call the Districtof Columbia. Instead of providing a code of humane,equal, and uniform laws, for the governmentof the capital of a Christian nation. Congress enacted,in 1801, that the laws of Maryland and Virginia,as they then stood, should be in force on the northand south side of the Potomac. By this act, the inhumanand barbarous, the indecent and vulgar colonialslave codes of Maryland and Virginia becamethe laws of republican America for the governmentof its chosen capital. By this act of national legislationthe people of Christian America began thefirst year of the nineteenth century, by accepting,reaffirming, and reenacting for the government oftheir new capital, the colonial legislation, enactedfor the government of the wild hordes of Africa,which the colonial and commercial policy of Englandforced upon Maryland and Virginia. The National Government, by reenacting theslave codes of the ceding States for the governmentof the ceded territory, accented as its creed thewicked dogma that color, in the national capital, ispresumptive evidence of slavery. In 1827 the Committee,on the District of Columbia in the House ofRepresentatives, reported that "in this District, asin all slaveholding States in the Union, the legalpresumption is, that persons of color going at largewithout any evidences of their freedom are abscondingslaves, and prima facie liable to all the legal provisionsapplicable to that class of persons." TheCommittee state that in that part of the Districtceded by Virginia, "a free negro may be arrestedand put in jail for three months on suspicion of beinga fugitive; he is then to be hired out to pay hisjail fees; and if he does not prove his freedom withintwelve months he is to be sold as a slave." In theterritory ceded by Maryland, the Committee saythat "if a free man of color should be apprehendedas a runaway, be is subjected to the payment of allfines and rewards given by law for apprehendingrunaways, and upon failure to make such payment,is liable to be sold as a slave." The legal presumptionthat persons of color are "absconding slaves"—that if arrested as runaways they are "subject tothe payment of all fines and rewards given by lawfor apprehending runaways"—that failing to paysuch " fines and rewards" they are "liable to besold as slaves," are the recognized doctrines in thenational capital of this Democratic Republic. Fortwo generations has Christian America recognized inher capital the wicked and guilty dogma that coloris legal presumption that man, whom God made, andfor whom Christ died, walking the earth in the prideof conscious manhood, is an "absconding slave" tobe "apprehended as a runaway," "subject to thepayment of fines and rewards," or "to be sold as aslave to pay jail fees." prima facie Clothed with the authority of legislation by theNational Government, the corporation of Washington,not content with this monstrous legal presumptionthat color is evidence of slavery, enacted on the31st of Mar, 1837, that every negro and mulattofound in the City at Washington who shall not beable to establish his or her title to freedom, shall becommitted to the jail of the County of Washingtonas absconding slaves. In what age of the world, inwhat land under the whole heavens, can you find anenactment of equal atrocity to this iniquitous andprofligate statute—this legal presumption that coloris evidence that man made in the image of God isan "absconding slave"? This monstrous doctrine, abhorrent to every manlyimpulse of the heart, to every Christian sentimentof the soul, to every deduction of human reason,which the refined and Christian people of Americahave upheld for two generations, which the Corporationof Washington enacted into an imperative ordinance,has borne its legitimate fruits of injustice andinhumanity, of dishonor and shame. Crimes againstman, in the name of this abhorred doctrine, havebeen annually perpetrated in this National Capital,which should make the people of America hang theirheads in abasement before the nations, and beforethat Being who keeps watch and ward over the humblestof the children of men. Men and women ofAfrican descent, no matter in what State they wereborn, no matter what rights and privileges they possessedunder the laws and institutions of the Statesfrom whence they came, have annually been seized,imprisoned, fined, and sometimes sold into perpetualservitude. This doctrine, that color is presumptiveevidence of slavery—this ordinance, consigning itsvictims to imprisonment—offers a tempting bribe tothe base, the selfish, the unprincipled, to becomeman-stealers and kidnappers. This bribe has convertedGovernment officials, justices of the peace,constables, and police officers into manufacturers ofslaves. This bribe has annually filled your jail withits victims, making it the workshop where the selfish,the base, the ignoble, have plied their trade in thesouls and bodies of men. Hundreds, aye thousandsof men of African descent have been seized, arrested,imprisoned, since the District of Columbia becamethe seat of the National Capital. In January,1829, the United States Marshal, in a letter addressedto the Committee of the House of Representativeson the District of Columbia, reported thatin the three years from the 1st of January, 1826, tothe first of January, 1829, 179 persons in Washingtonand Georgetown were arrested and committedto prison as absconding slaves. Of this number, 26proved themselves to be free, and being fortunate,enough to pay jail fees, were discharged. Six ofthese persons were sentenced by the jailor withouttrial, and sold as slaves, and the proceeds pocketedby the Marshal of the United States. Mr. Miner, ofPennsylvania, in a speech in the House of Representativesin 1829, states that "a black man wastaken up in August, 1821, and imprisoned as a runaway405 days. In this time vermin, disease, andmisery had deprived him of the use of his limbs.He was rendered a cripple for life, and finally discharged,as no one would buy him." More than1,000 of the citizens of the District of Columbia, onthe 24th of March, 1828, in a memoral to Congress,declared, "that it was not alone from the rapacityof slave-traders that the colored race in this Districtwere doomed to suffer; that the laws sanction anddirect a procedure unparalleled in glaring injusticeby anything among the Governments of Christendom."They state that in the Summer of 1827 "acolored man who stated that he was entitled to freedom,was taken up as a runaway slave and lodgedin the jail of Washington City. He was advertised,but no one appearing to claim him, he was accordingto law put up at public auction for the paymentof his jail fees, and sold as a slave for life! He waspurchased by a slave-trader, who was not requiredto give security for his remaining in the District, andhe was, soon after, shipped to Alexandria for one ofthe Southern States. An attempt was made by somebenevolent individuals to have the sale postponeduntil his claim to freedom could be investigated, buttheir efforts were unavailing, and thus was a humanbeing sold into perpetual bondage at the Capital ofthe freest Government on earth, without even a pretenceof trial, or an allegation of crime." The menof New England, New York and Pennsylvania ofthat generation were responsible before God for suchdeeds of inhumanity. But we of this age, in America, are not guiltlessof like enormities. Senators will remember thatwhen Congress assembed in December last, we foundnearly sixty human beings immured in our jail, underthe authority of our Marshal and his officials, asfugitive slaves, and that of this number one man, admittedby all to be free, had been confined morethan six months. Colored men of the Free States,who have come, with Northern regiments to the defenceof the national capital, have been seized andimprisoned in our jail as runaways by constables,and by that race of man-stealers, the legitimate offspringof this doctrine, that color is presumptiveevidence of slavery. Men who have escaped fromthe camps of armed treason, who have given ourmilitary commanders important intelligence of themovements of Rebel forces, appearing in the streetsof Washington, are seized and thrust into jail by thecreatures who see "slave" written on the foreheadof every man through whose vein courses a drop ofAfrican blood. In this national capital lurks a raceof official and unofficial man-hunters, greedy, active,vigilant, dexterous, ever ready, by falsehood, trickery,or violence, to clutch the hapless black man whocarries not with him a title deed of freedom. Onlya few days ago, these harpies of the land, more mercilessthan the wreckers of the seas, pounced upon andhurried to your jail two men your officers in the fieldhad sent to Washington to give important intelligenceto your Generals. For these deeds of inhumanityand injustice, the intelligent, patriotic, andChristian freemen of America are responsible beforeman and before God! And if we, their representatives,who now, for the first time, have the power, donot end these crimes against man forever, the guiltand shame will rest upon our souls, and we shall beconsigned to the moral indignation of Christendom. Justice to a wronged and oppressed race demandsthat this corrupt and corrupting doctrine that coloris presumptive evidence of slavery in the capital ofthe Republic shall be condemned, disowned, repudiatedby the Government of the United States. Fortwo generations it has pressed with merciless forceupon a race who mingled their blood with the bloodof our fathers on the stricken fields of the War ofIndependence. In those days of trial, black men,animated by the same mighty impulse, fought sideby side with our fathers to win for America a placeamong the nations. They rallied at the tap of thedrum on the morning of the 19th of April, 1775, tomeet the shock of the first battle of the Revolution.They poured their unerring shots into the bosom ofthe veteran troops of England as they moved up theslopes of Bunker Hill. They met, and three times,by their steady valor, repulsed the charges of Britishveterans on the battle-field of Rhode Island, whichLafayette pronounced "the best fought battle of theRevolution." They fought and fell by the side of Ledyard atFort Griswold. They shared in the glorious defenceand victory at Bed Bank, which will live in our historyas long as the Delaware shall flow by the spotmade immortal by their valor. They endured withour fathers uncomplainingly the toils and privationsof the battle-fields and bivouacs of the seven years'campaigns of the Revolution from Lexington toYorktown, to found in s America a Governmentwhich should recognize the rights of human nature.For more than sixty years, unmindful of their rightsand ungrateful for their services in our hour of weakness,we have recognized in the capital of the nation,the wicked and insulting dogma which writes"slave" on the brow of all who inherit their blood.Let us of this age hasten to atone for this greatwrong, by erasing that word from the brow of thisprescribed race here, and making manhood, here atleast, forever hereafter presumptive evidence of freedom. By the act of the 17th of February, 1801, Congresscontained in force in this capital the statute ofMaryland, enacted in 1717, that "no free negro ormulatto shall be admitted and received as good andvalid evidence in law, in any matter or thing whatsoever,wherein any Christian white person is concerned."This statute enacted nearly one hundredand fifty years ago, reenacted by Congress on the27th of February, 1801, is the law in the capital ofthis nation that professes to recognize the sublimecreed of human equality. This law places theproperty, the liberties, the lives of twelve thousandfree persons of color in the District of Columbia, atthe mercy of the avaricious, the violent, and theabandoned. It puts in peril the rights of propertyand of person of every free colored man in Americawhose feet shall press the soil of the District of Columbia.Here the oath of the black man affords noprotection whatever to his property, to the fruits ofhis toil, to the personal rights of himself, his wife, hischildren, or his race. Greedy avarice may withholdfrom him the fruits of his toil, or clutch from him hislittle acquisitions; the brutal may visit upon him, hiswife, his children, insults, indignities, blows; the kidnappermay enter his dwelling and steal from hishearthstone his loved ones; the assassin may hoveron his track, imperiling the lives of his household—every outrage the depravity of man ran visit uponhis brother man may be perpetrated upon him, uponhis family, upon his rate—but his oath upon theEvangelists of Almighty God, though his name maybe written in the Book of Life, neither protects himfrom wrong nor punishes the wrongdoer. ThisChristian nation in solemn mockery enacts that thefree black men of America shall not bear testimonyin the judicial tribunals of the District of Columbia.Although the black man is thus mute and dumb beforethe judicial tribunals of the capital of ChristianAmerica, his wrongs, which we will not have rightedhere, will go up to a higher tribunal, where the oathof the prescribed negro is heard, and his story registeredby the pen of the recording angel. Whatwrongs, what outrages, may not be perpetrated upona race of men where "color is legal presumption ofslavery," where they "may be arrested as abscondingslaves," where their oath cannot be received as"good and valid evidence in law," where "everyperson seizing and taking up runaways shall receive200 pounds of tobacco, or the value thereof;" where,"if any slave strikes a white person, be may, uponthe oath of the person so struck, have one of his earscropped." What wrongs, what outrages, may nothe perpetual upon a tionto any Justice of the Peace that any free negroor mulatto is going at large without any visiblemeans of subsistence, such Justice is required to issuehis warrant to any constable, directing him toapprehend such free negro or mulatto; and if suchfree negro or mulatto shall fail to give security forhis good behavior, or to leave the State within fivedays, or if, after leaving the State, he shall returnagain within six months, such. Justice may commitsaid free negro or mulatto to the common jail; andif such offender so committed shall not, within twentydays thereafter, pay his or her prison charges, theSheriff, with the approbation of any two Justices ofthe Peace, may sell such free negro or mulatto toserve six calendar months." The wrongs, the outrages,the enormities, which the cupidity, the darkpassions of the sordid and the base have visited forthe last sixty years upon the unoffending, the helpless,under these laws of Maryland, reaffirmed bythe Congress of the United States, will never beknown until the secrets of the last day are revealed.  Congress in 1820 gave to the Corporation ofWashington "power and authority to restrain andprohibit the nightly and other disorderly meetings ofslaves, free negroes and mulattoes, and to punishsuch slaves by whipping, not exceeding forty stripes,or by imprisonment, not exceeding six months forany one offence; and to punish such free negroesand mulattoes by penalties, not exceeding $20 forany one offence; and in case of the inability of anyfree negro or mulatto to pay any such penalty andcost thereon, to cause him or her to be confined tolabor, for any time not exceeding six calendarmonths; to prescribe the terms and conditions uponwhich free negroes and mulattoes may reside in thecity; to punish corporally any colored servant orslave for a breach of any of their laws or ordinances;""and to pass all laws which shall bedeemed necessary and proper for carrying into executionthe powers vested by this act in the said Corporation." Clothed by the Federal Government with thispower of legislation, the Corporation of Washingtonhas passed ordinances relating to persons of color,bond and free, more oppressive, more inhuman, moredegrading, than the Colonial Black Code of Maryland,which Congress reaffirmed in 1801. By an ordinance passed on the 31st of May, 1827,the Corporation of the City of Washington enacted,"if any free colored person is found going at largeafter 10 o'clock at night without a pass from somerespectable citizen, he shall be fined not exceeding$10, and locked op till Morning." This act, oftenexecuted upon honest toiling men and women whosecallings or duties require them to enter the streetsafter that hour, is profligate, burdensome, oppressive.Officials, who too often look upon the black race asthe prey of avarice and passion, under color of thisenactment, seize their victims going to or returningfrom their lawful callings. Since I have held a seatin the Senate, I have known colored men, trustedand employed by the Government, while quietlyhastening to their homes after 10 o'clock, from theirduties in the public service, to be arrested undercolor of this ordinance. An ordinance so oppressive,so barbarous, should be annulled by the Congressof the United States. On the 29th of October, 1836, the Corporation ofthe City of Washington enacted that "Every free colored person must exhibit to theMayor satisfactory evidence of his or her title to freedom,and enter into bond with five good and sufficientsureties, in the penalty of $1,000, for the good and orderlyconduct of his or her entire family, the bond tobe renewed every year; and on failure so to do, maybe fined $20, and sent to the workhouse." A statute like this, which requires every free coloredperson to furnish the Mayor of the City ofWashington evidences of his or her title to freedom,and to give bonds annually for his or her orderlyconduct, and failing so to do to be sent to the Work-House,places ten thousand free persons of color atthe mercy of the Corporation officials of this city,who may exercise, under color of this law, the mostoppressive acts of petty tyranny. On the 29th of October, 1836, the Corporation ofthe City of Washington, under the authority conferredupon it by the Government of the UnitedStates, enacted that "All secret or private meetings or assemblageswhatsoever, and all meetings for religious worship beyondthe hour of ten at night, of free negroes, mulattosor slaves, are declared to be unlawful; and anycolored person or persons found at such assemblagesor meetings, or who may continue at any religiousmeeting after ten o'clock at night, shall for each offencepay the sum of $5; and in the event of any such meetingor assemblages, it shall be the duty of any policeconstable to enter the house where such assemblage isheld, and employ all lawful means immediately to dispersethe same; and in case any police constable, afterfull notice and knowledge of such meeting, shallneglect or refuse to execute the duty hereby required,he shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty dollars, andbe incapable of holding any office of trust under theCorporation for one year thereafter." The Christian men of New England, of the CentralStates and of the West, must not forget thatthey are not free from responsibility for the existencein their national capital of a statute which imposesa fine of five dollars upon Christian men and women,who may be found in a religious meeting after thehour of 10 o'clock at night. In the Capital of thisChristian Republic it is made the duty of police constables,under penalties of fine and disfranchisement,to enter a religious meeting after the hour of 10 atnight, and disperse Christian men and women listeningto the story of salvation or offering up to Himwho made the humblest of the race in his own imagethe praises and gratitude of contrite hearts. On the 28th of July, 1841, the corporation of theCity of Washington passed an ordinance "empoweringthe Mayor to grant any person a license to tradeand traffic in (laves for the sum of $400." This ordinancelegalized in the national capital the revoltingslave-trade, which had dishonored the District ofColumbia from the day it had been selected as theseat of the Federal Government. The Grand Juryof Alexandria as early as 1802 had presented these"dealers in the persons of our fellow-men who exposedtheir victims loaded with chains in the publicstreets.". In 1816, Judge Morell of the Circuit Courtof the United Statue, in his charge to the GrandJury, declared that "the frequency with which thestreets of the city had been crowded with manacledcaptives, sometimes on the Sabbath, could not fail toshock the feelings of all humane persons." JohnRandolph, in the same year, denounced this traffic inslaves "as inhuman and illegal." The AlexandriaGazette, in 1827, denounced this "traffic which filledthe streets not unfrequently with men, women, andchildren handcuffed and chained together." In 1828,more than one thousand of the citizens of the Districtof Columbia implored Congress "to suppress atraffic disgraceful and demoralizing in its effects,"and in 1829 the Grand Jury of Washington made acommunication to Congress, in which they declaredthat "the whole community would be gratified bythe interference of Congress for the suppression ofthese reingtraffic from the District." In 1830, the WashingtonSpectator indignantly denounced these "processionsso often seen in the streets of Washington,of human beings handcuffed in pairs, or chained incouples," wending their way to the slave ships whichwere to bear them to the distant South. Yet thistraffic, denounced by Judges and Grand Juries, citizensand presses, was legalized in 1831 by the Corporationof the City of Washington; and Williams,Birch, Neal, Kephart, Richards, Franklin, and Armfield,polluted the capital of the nation with this brutalizingtraffic, under the sanction of law, until itwas made illegal by the legislation of 1850. Gazette  Spectator The Corporation of the City of Washington, from1829 to 1841, enacted cruel and brutal laws for thepunishment of slaves within the limits of the city.I quote from these brutal and bloody laws theseenactments:— "If a slave breaks a street lamp, he shall be punishedby whipping on the bare back." "If any slave ties a horse to any of the trees on anyof the public grounds in the City of Washington, heshall he punishment by whipping on the bare back." "If any slave willfully injures any dwelling houseor any of the appendages thereof, he or she shall bepunished by whipping on his or her bare back, not exceedingthirty-nine stripes." "Any slave offending against any of the laws regulatingthe public market shall be punished with notless than five nor more than twenty lashes on his orher bare back." "If any slave sets on fire in any open ground or lotany straw or shavings, between the setting and therising of the nun, whereby a false alarm of fire may becreated, he shall be whipped not exceeding thirty-ninelashes." "If any slave sets off any fire-crackers within onehundred yards of any dwelling-house, he shall be punishedby whipping not exceeding thirty-nine stripes." Do Senators believe that there can be found inthe laws and ordinances of any Christian nation onthe globe, acts so brutal, degrading, inhuman? Itis time these bloody statutes for lashing men andwomen should be obliterated from the laws and ordinancesof the capital city of the Republic. The acts of Congress of March 3, 1805, and March3, 1809, confirmed to the corporation of Georgetownall the rights, powers, and privileges theretoforegranted to the corporation by the General Assemblyof Maryland, among which was the power to "pass,make, and ordain all laws necessary to take up, fine,imprison, or punish any and all vagrants, loose and disorderlypersons, free negroes, and persons having novisible means of support." Under this authority ofCongress the Corporation of Georgetown enacted thatevery free black or mulatto person who should cometo Georgetown to reside should exhibit to the Mayorsatisfactory evidence of freedom, and enter into bondsfor good conduct. On the 22d of August, 1845, thecorporation of Georgetown passed an ordinance prohibitingunder the penalty of thirty-nine lashes forslaves, and thirty days imprisonment for free coloredpersons, all assemblages by day or night of black orcolored persons, except religious meetings conductedby white men and terminated before half-past nineo clock at night. From 1827 to 1845, while slaverywas in the zenith of its power, the Corporation ofthe city of Georgetown passed many ordinanceshardly less brutal, degrading and indecent than thestatutes of the metropolis of the Republic. free negroes These colonial statutes of Maryland, reaffirmedby Congress in 1801—these ordinances of Washingtonand Georgetown, sanctioned in advance by theauthority of the Federal Government—stand thisday unrepealed. Such laws and ordinances shouldnot be permitted longer to insult the reason, pervertthe moral sense, or offend the taste of the people ofAmerica. Any people mindful of the decencies oflife, would not longer permit such enactments to lingerbefore the eye of civilized man. Slavery is theProlific mother of these monstrous enactments. Bidslavery disappear from the District of Colombia,and it will take along with it this whole brood ofbrutal, vulgar and indecent statutes. In spite atthese oppressive and cruel enactments, which havepressed with merciless force upon the black race,bond and free, slavery, for more than half a centuryhas grown weaker, and the free colored stronger, atevery decade. Within the last half century, thefree colored population of the District of Columbiahas increased from 4,000 to 12,0OO. In spite of thedegrading influences of oppressive statutes, and aperverted public sentiment, this free colored populationas it has increased in numbers, has increasedalso in property, in churches, schools, and all themeans of social, intellectual, and moral development.This despised race upon which we are wont to lookdown with emotions of pity, if not of contempt or ofhate, are industrious and law-abiding—loyal to theGovernment and its institutions. To-day the freecolored men of the District of Columbia possess hundredsof thousands of dollars of property, the fruitsof year, of honest toil—they have twelve churches,costing some $75,0OO, and eight school, for the instructionof their children. They are even compelledto pay for the support of public schools for theinstruction of the white children, from which theirown children are excluded by law, custom and publicopinion. Some of these free colored men aredistinguished for intelligence, business capacity, andthe virtues that grace and adorn men of every race.Some of these men have in possession considerableproperty, real and personal. If Senators will go tothe office of this city where deeds are recorded, theywill find there a mortgage deed, dated the 30th ofJanuary, 1858, in favor of Alfred Lee a colored manof this District, to secure a debt of $12,000, signedby two Senators of the United Slates and their wives.One of those Senators, signing a mortgage deed tosecure to a colored man of this District a loan of $12,000,is a member of the Senate to-day: the othersleeps on the shores of Lake Michigan, in the city ofhis adoption, and the State that honored him.  This bill proposes to strike the chains from thelimbs of 3,000 bondmen in the District of Columbia,to erase the word "slave" from their foreheads, toconvert them from personal chattels into free men,to lift them from the degradation of personal servitudeto the dignity and responsibilities of manhood, toplace them in the ranks of free colored men, to performwith them the duties and bear with them theresponsibilities of life. This bill, if it shall becomelaw, will simply take 3,000 men from humiliatingand degrading servitude, and add them to the 12,000free colored men of this District, to be absorbedin that mass of industrious and law-abiding men. Thepassage of this bill by the Congress of the UnitedStates will not, cannot, disturb for a moment thepeace, the order, the security of society. Its passagewill excite in the bosoms of the enfranchised,not wrath, nor hatred, nor revenge, but love, joy andgratitude. These enfranchised bondmen will bewelcomed by the free colored population with boundinghearts, throbbing with gratitude to God for inspiringthe nation with the justice and the courageto Strike the chains from the limbs of their neighbors,friends, relatives, brothers, and lifting from theirown shoulders the burdens imposed upon them bythe necessities, the passions, and the pride of slaveholdingsociety. This bill to give liberty to the bondman dealjustly, aye, generously, by the master. The Americanpeople, whose moral sense has been outragedby slavery and the black codes enacted in the interestsof slavery, in the District of Columbia, whosefame has been soiled and dimmed by the deeds ofcruelty perpetrated in their national capital, wouldstand justified in the forum of nations if they shouldsmite the fetter from the bondman, regardless of thedesires or interests of the master. With generousmagnanimity, this bill tenders compensation to themaster, out of the earnings of the toiling freemen ofAmerica. In the present condition of the country,the proposed compensation is full, ample, equitable. But the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Davis)raises his warning voice against the passage of thismeasure of justice and beneficence. He assumes tospeak like one having authority. He is positive,dogmatic, emphatic, and prophetic. He repeatedlyassures the Senate that he give utterance to whathe knew; that his warnings and predictions wereinfallible prophecies. The Senator predicted in excited,if not angry tones, that the passage of this bill,giving freedom to three thousand bondmen, willbring into this District beggary and crime; that theliberated negroes will become a sore, a burden,and a charge; "that they" will be criminals; that"they will become, paupers;" that "they will beengaged in crimes and petty misdemeanors"; that"they will become a charge, a post, and a blightupon this society." The Senator emphatically declared,"I know what I talk about!" "I speakfrom what I know!" Assured, confident, defiant,better, the Senator asserts that "a negro's idea offreedom is freedom from work." that after they acquiretheir freedom they be  lazy," "indolent,""thriftless," "worthless," "inefficient." "vicious.""vagabonds." The Senator from Kentucky whospeaks with so much assurance may have the rightto speak in these terms of emancipated slaves inKentucky, but he has no authority sot to speak of the12,000 free colored men of the District of Columbia.One-sixth part of the population of this District arefree persons of color Under the weight of oppressthey have, by their industry their obedience to lawtheir kindly charities to each other established acharacter above such reproaches as the Senator fromKentucky applies to emancipated bondmen. As aclass, the free colored people of this District are notworthless, vicious, thriftless indolent bondscriminals, paupers nor are they a charge upon thissociety. The Senator from Kentucky Sir, has noright to apply to them these disparaging epithets.Do they not support themselves by their industryand thrift? Do they not support their own churches?Do they not support their own schools? Do theynot also support schools for the education of whitechildren from which their own are excluded? Dothey not care for their sick and their dying? Dothey not bury their dead free of public charge?What right then, has the Senator from Kentucky tocome into this chamber and attempt to deter us fromexecuting this act of emancipation, by casting undeservedreproaches upon the free colored populationof the District? Their condition this day demonstratesthe utter absurdity of the doctrines andprophecies so oracularly announced by the Senatorfrom Kentucky.     But the Senator from Kentucky, upon this simpleproposition to emancipate in the National capitalthree thousand bondmen with compensation to loyalmasters, chooses to indulge in vague talk about "aggressiveand destructive schemes," "unconstitutionalpolicy," the "horrors of the French Revolution."the "heroic struggle of the peasants of La Vendee."and the "deadly resistance" which the "wholewhite population of the slaveholding States, men,women and children, would make to unconstitutionalencroachments." Why Sir, does the Senator indulgein such allusions? Have not the Americanpeople the constitutional right to relieve themselvesfrom the guilt and shame of upholding slavery intheir National capital? Would not the exercise ofthat right be sanctioned by justice, humanity andreligion? Does the Senator suppose that we, therepresentatives of American freemen, will cowardlyshrink from the performance of the duties of thehour, before these dogmatic avowals of what themen in the slaveholding States will do? Sir, I tellthe Senator from Kentucky that the day has passedby in the Senate of the United States for intimidation,threat or menace from the champions of slavery.I would remind the Senator that the people whoserepresentatives we are, now realize in the storms ofbattle that slavery is and must ever be the relentlessand unappeasable enemy of free institutions inAmerican, the mortal enemy of the unity and perpetuityof the Republic. Slavery perverting thereason, blinding the conscience, extinguishing thepatriotism of vast masses of its supporters, plungedthe nation into the fire and blood of rebellion. Theloyal people of America have seen hundreds of thousandsof brave men abandon their peaceful avocations,leave their homes and their loved ones, andfollow the flag of their country to the field, to dosoldiers' duties, and fill, if need be, soldiers' graves,in defence of their perilled country; they have seenthem fall on fields of bloody strife beneath the foldsof the national flag; they have seen them suffering,tortured by wounds or disease, in camps and hospitals;they have seen them returning home maimedby shot or shell, or bowed with disease; theyhave looked with sorrowful hearts upon their passingcoffins, and gazed sadly upon their graves amongtheir kindred or in the land of the stranger; and theyknow—yes, sir, they know—that slavery has causedall this blood, disease, agony, and death, Realizingall this—aye, sir, knowing all this, they are in notemper to listen to the threats or menaces of apologistsor defenders of the wicked and guilty criminalthat now stands with uplifted hand to strike a deathblowto the national life. While the brave andloyal men of the Republic are facing its shots andshells on bloody fields, their representatives willhardly quail before the frowns and menaces of itschampions in these chambers. The Senator from Kentucky proposes by hisamendment to remove from the District, from theUnited States, the persons emancipated under theprovisions of this bill. He tells us that, "wheneverany power, constitutional or unconstitutional, assumesthe responsibility of liberating slaves whereslaves are numerous, they establish as inexorably asfate, a conflict between the races that will result in theexile or extermination of the one race or the other.""I know it!" exclaims the Senator. How does theSenator know it? In what age and in what countryhas the emancipation of one race resulted in theextermination of the one race or the other? Inwhat chapter of the history of the world is suck exterminatingwarfare recorded? Nearly a quarter ofa century ago, England struck the chains worn eighthundred thousand of her West India bondmen.There has been no conflict there between the races.Other European nations have emancipated theircolonial bondmen. No wars of races have grownout of those deeds of emancipation. One sixthpart of the population of the District of Columbiaare free colored persons—emancipated slaves, or thechildren of emancipated stares. The existence ofthis numerous class of liberated slaves has not hereestablished, "as inexorably as fate," a conflict betweenthe races. More than one sixth of the populationof Delaware are free colored persons—emancipatedslaves, or the descendants of emancipatedslaves. The existence in Delaware of this largeclass of emancipated slaves has not produced a warof races. The people of Delaware have never soughtto hunt them like beasts, and exterminate them.One eighth of the population of Maryland are freemen of African descent. No exterminating warfareof races rages on the soil of Maryland. No, sir; no!Emancipation does not inevitably lead to an exterminatingwar of races. In our country, the enfranchisementof the bondman has tended to elevateboth races, and has been productive of peace, order,and public security. The doctrines so confidentlyproclaimed by the Senator from Kentucky have nobasis whatever to rest upon, either in reason or history.The Senate, I am sure, will not close thechapters of history which record the enfranchisementof bondmen, nor will they ignore the results of theirown experience and observation, under the influenceof the positive, impassioned, I, and emphatic assertionsof the Senator from Kentucky. I know it This bill, Mr. President, for the release of personsheld to service or labor in the District of Columbia,and the compensation of loyal masters from theTreasury of the United States, was prepared aftermuch reflection and some consultation with others.The Committee on the District of Columbia in bothHouses, to whom it was referred, have agreed to it,with a few amendments calculated to carry outmore completely its original purposes and provisions.I trust that the bill, as it now stands, after the adoptionof the amendments proposed by the Senatorfrom Maine (Mr. MORRILL) will speedily pass, withoutany material modifications. If it shall becomethe law of the land, it will blot out slavery foreverfrom the National capital, transform three thousandpersonal chattels into freemen, obliterate oppressive,odious, and hateful laws and ordinances, which presswith merciless force upon persons, bond or free, ofAfrican descent, and relieve the nation from the responsibilitiesnow pressing upon it. An act of beneficencelike this will be hailed and applauded bythe nations, sanctified by justice, humanity, and religion,by the approving voice of conscience, and bythe blessing of Him who bids us "break every yoke,undo the heavy burden, and let the oppressed gofree." ORRILL 
