 For the week past the columns of the SecessionTimes have been filled with appeals to mob violenceto break up the lectures of Mr. Phillips at BryanHall, announced by the Young Men's Association.Nothing was spared to bring about such an end.With a shamelessness that in a good cause would bebravery, and a persistence worthy of a better endin view, they have openly urged and secretly plottedto reproduce in Chicago the Cincinnati outrage.And the attempt has failed utterly . . . . Thetribute was a noble one thus paid to free speechand a free discussion of the great issue of the day.Any one who was present last evening must havebeen blind and deaf not to have read the augury.Had Bryan Hall been two or three times as large,it would have been a duplicate or triplicate demonstration,and proof that the hearts of the people areright on this question—that in their view slavery isdead—and they prefer to listen to those who "cometo bury, not to praise." . . . We give enoughof his speech to show what is the mission of WendellPhillips, pleading and entreating his fellow-citizensto spare not the monster evil of slavery, and to evidencethe spirit in which Chicago has received him.Here at least there are no mobs. Never was thematter better tested than last evening, and it nowstands emphatically on record that such is the case.Never were appeals to base passions more shameless,and a premium on mob violence more openly offerquietly as to a Sabbath service, and the few minionsof The Times slunk away rebuked. We have noelaborate comments to make upon Mr. Phillips's lecture.It was eminently patriotic as our report willconvince all who do not put the salvation of slaverybefore the preservation of the Union. It takes theground that there can be no peace without the extinctionof slavery, whose root the war has laid hare.Honest minded men are very much of that opinion.—Chicago Tribune. Times bury The Times Chicago Tribune. Simply as a specimen of the sublime and solid lyingby which the Democratic organs hope to carrythis election, we quote from the last issue of by nomeans the most characterless among them—TheNear Haven Register—which coolly says.— TheNear Haven Register "Wendell Phillips everywhere avows himself a disunionistand expresses his gratification that as he says theUnion is broken and the Constitution destroyed." everywhere avows himself a disunionistand Probably fifty thousand people have heard,and hardly less than five millions have read, Mr.Phillips's lectures this Winter, where in he has repeatedlyand explicitly stated that whereas he has beena de-unionist, behaving the Union to be a bulwarkof-slavery, he is now unequivocally and heartily forthe Union, because he is satisfied that the Unioncause is now inseparably bound up with that of impalLiberty. He has imposed no conditions,made no qualification, but a hundred times said, "Icomprehend perfectly that many of you Unionistsdo not mean Emancipation. I realize that the waris not waged for Emancipation but I see further,that you will have to emancipate or be beaten, andam with you at all hazards and to the last." Suchis the spirit, such the drift, of Mr. Phillips' War lectures,and such are the utterances which Democraticruffians do than utmost to suppress by yells, paving-stones,and bad eggs. He who does not see thattheir hearts are with Jeff Davis and his crew, canhave nothing like a heart of his own.—New YorkTribune.  have New YorkTribune. ☞Referring to the late dastardly pro-slaverymob in Cincinnati, Frederick Douglass's Papersays:— Frederick Douglass's Paper No doubt that the object of the mob was to humbleWendell Phillips, and at the same time to cheerthe rebels with the hope that they still hate friendsand allies at the North. Neither object is accomplished.The proud slaveholder feels only contemptfor such exhibitions of servility on the part of Northernmobs. As to humbling Wendell Phillips, orshutting him out of the popular heart, that cannotbe done. He shines all the brighter for every assaultmade upon him, and will be welcomed by thepeople of the North and East with a more gloriousenthusiasm for thus new manifestation of violence towardshim. Wendell Phillips looked grand at theCapital, with the eyes of the nation upon him; butgrand as he looked at that moment, he was incomparablygrander when he stood calm and serene inCincinnati amid the tempest and storm of a howling;pro-slavery mob thirsting for his noble blood. We observe that it has been basely asserted thatMr. Phillips was mobbed for uttering treasonableand disunion sentiments. The Satanic press knowbetter. When the Union was perverted and pollutedby slavery—when it was an engine for extinguishingthe freedom of the North, and perpetuatingthe slavery of the black man at the South—Mr.Phillips repudiated the Union, and did all he could,by moral means, to induce his fellow-citizens to followhis example; but no man has spoken with moreenergy and eloquence, in behalf of the Union, aswarred upon by the slaveholding traitors, than hasMr. Phillips. All this is patent to the press whichlyingly chooses to misrepresent him. Thus ended one of the most disgraceful sceneswitnessed in this country for many years, unless wemay except the attempt at a mob in Boston lastspring. The true report shows how the telegraphperverted Mr. Phillip's remarks, as it always has,and does anything hostile to slavery. The peopleof this nation owe to Mr. Phillips a deep debt ofgratitude for his unflinching boldness in maintainingthe right of free speech, Future generations will itleast, it the present does not, appreciate the greatnessof the man, and consign to deserved infamy thescoundrels who by such means hare sought to suppressthe discussion of the most momentous questionof the age.—New Bedford Rep. Standard. New Bedford Rep. Standard. 
