 Wendell Phillips was mobbed at Cincinnati, aswe mentioned last week. It was wrong, mean, andinexpedient. Mobs are often the arguments of cowardice,sometimes of intolerance frequently of impatience,rarely the result of calm deliberation veryrarely the expression of justice. Every man oughtto set his face against them in public and in privatespeak and act against them, and by the stern powerof an enlightened public statement discountenancethem, whatever may be provocation. It is betterto let to suffer wrong than to do wrong. It is betterto let wrong go unpunished than to usurp unlawfulpower, and use it in the name of justice. WendellPhillips by his treasonable utterances would do littleharm, compared to the injury done to publicmorals, order, safety, and permanent social peace,by a riot that strikes down a citizen without the regularprocess of law. But is there no remedy for the wrong which suchan arch traitor commits, who goes into the capitalof the nation, and into the peaceful cities of the land,and blurts not his treason in the ears of the patriotpeople? Is the patience of the country to be tried,till its passions can no longer be restrained, by theunbounded licence accorded to this enemy of theConstitution, this avowed hater of the Union, whoglories in having devoted nineteen years of his lifeto its destruction? We have heard him curse theUnion with an intensity of malignant bitterness thatmade every honest patriots blood run cold. Buteven then we would not have had an unlawful handlaid on the head of this enemy of his country. Andagain we ask, is there no remedy? There is, and we are now speaking words that thehighest officers of government have already embodied,we doubt not and on which they are acting ifthey are wise as they are patriotic. The remedy isthe IMPARTIAL application of LAW and POWER tothe disunion traitor whether his proclivities areSouthern and Northern. Mr. Lincoln has the abilityto command, Mr. Stanton has the ability to direct:and the country will sustain them in the measuresthey may take to apply the force of governmentin the work of self-preservation. Their attentionwe call to the speech which Phillips made in Washington, as published without criticism in the NewYork Tribune. He said:— York Tribune. Now I love the Constitution, though my friend(Dr. Pierpont) who sit beside me, has heard me curseit a hundred times, and I shall again if it does not meanjustice. I have labored nineteen years to take nineteenStates out of this Union, and if I have spent any nineteenyears to the satisfaction of my Puritan conscience,it was those nineteen years. I have labored nineteen years to take nineteenStates out of this Union Unless within twelve months or twenty-four, Marylandis a free State, Delaware and half Virginia, wouldto God that building (the Capitol) with this city ofWashington, had been shelled to ashes last July." Speaking of the origin of the rebellion, Phillipsdeclared that, "It was nobody's fault," but that "itis the inevitable results of the seeds our father plantedseventy years ago;" and in another place, hesays of the Fathers of the Republic, that they "darednot trust God." father Referring to William Lloyd Garrison, the inveteratedisunionist—who kept standing, time out ofmind, at the head of his paper, the sentiment thatthe men who framed the Constitution had made "anagreement with death, and a covenant with hell,"he characterized him as a "man who had done more,in the Providence of God to shape the fate of thisgeneration than any other one," and that he (Phillips)was "proud to sit at his (Garrison's) feet." Such a man ought not to be allowed to stir updissension and sedition at such a time as this. Andit the Government at Washington that has filledFort Lafayette and Fort Warren with secession traitors,suffers such a man to talk treason in Washington,it loses the glory that crowns the administrationof justice when its IMPARTIALITY commands thehomage of an enlightened people. But it is amusing, even in its seriousness, to readthe fierce denunciations of the Cincinnati mob in thecolumns of those papers that have not a word to saywhen traitors of another stripe are mobbed! If Dr.Hawks should say in Irving Hall, "I have laboredfifteen years to take fifteen States out of this Union,"and it the Union is not broken up in two years,"would to God that the city of Washington hadbeen shelled to ashes last July," he would have beenhooted down, and driven from the city. Some ofthe papers that now condemn the mob that huntedPhillips, would praise the mob for hunting Hawks.May we not go still further, and say that it a newspaperin this city should advocate the destruction ofthe Constitution and the disruption of the Union,to let the South go, it would be suppressed instantly,and its conductors justly held responsible for treasonto the government. to let the South go The New York Tribune says. "It is wickedlyfalse that Mr. Phillips advocates treason." That dependsaltogether on what treason is. The Tribunemay not be the best authority on that delicate question.We believe it is treachery to the country now,to wish the city of Washington laid in ashes if slaveryis not abolished in Maryland Phillips saysthat, and the Tribune devotes six columns to spreadingthe infamous speech in winch the sentiment isuttered. We regard it as the quintessence of treasonto speak or print such sentences as we havequoted from the Tribune, unless we quote them toprotest against them in the name of the Constitutionand the Union. The Springfield Republican says"Wendell Phillips has the right to speak his opinionsfreely, and every friend of free speech mustmaintain that right." No, he has not. No man hasa right to do wrong. No man has a right to smokea eager in a powder magazine. No man has a rightto denounce the government of has country in tuneof war. No disunionist has a right to speak his sentimentsanywhere . We are in a state of war.Every man must stand by the Union or keep quiet.We are utterly opposed to mobbing Phillips or anyother man. But the peace and safety of the countrydemand that his seditious tongue be silenced tillthe Union is reestablished in peace. Let him be indictedfor his sedition, and held to answer at the barof justice for his offences, but let us have no mobs.Justice is slow, but mighty. An abolition disunionistis as dangerous an enemy now as a secession-disunionist,and if Fort Warren is open for the latter,let Ford Lafayette receive the former or, stillbetter, put them both together. They have laboredin the same cause, let them rest together in the samewalls. New York Observer. Tribune treason Tribune Phillips Tribune Tribune Republican disunionist right .  indicted New York Observer. 
