 This act of national justice and self-respect wasamong the earliest that the Abolitionists pressedupon the attention of Congress; and for a long seriesof years, through their untiring efforts, multitudes ofpetitions, very numerously signed, were annually sentto that body from all parts of the Free States—excitingSenate and House, and eliciting a great deal of discussionamong the members and throughout thecountry. But these petitions proved unavailing. Solong as the South chose to be represented in Congress,she successfully resisted every effort made tocleanse the District, over which it held entire jurisdiction,from the loathsome pollutions of slavery. Ithas required her perjured withdrawal from that body,and a fierce and bloody civil war which she has traitorouslyinstigated for the overthrow of the FederalGovernment, to render it morally possible for Congressfavorably to entertain a proposition for the abolitionof slavery within the limits of the District.It will be seen by the following extract from a letterfrom the Washington correspondent of the BostonJournal, that special credit is due to Hon. Henry Wilson,of Massachusetts, for the passage, last week, bya strong vote in the Senate, of a bill for the immediateliberation of every slave in the District:—  Journal "The vote of the Senate, ransoming the slaves inthis District, is a memorable event. Slavery, hithertoa national institution, because sanctioned at the seat ofgovernment, will now become sectional, and Columbia. national sectional '——Unloosening her bondsBy her strong will shall be at last the homeOf broadly-based and virtuous liberty.'   Massachusetts has good reason to feel proud of thetriumphant result of the labors of her Senators inbringing about this important movement. GeneralWilson first introduced the bill, almost exactly as ithas been passed, on the 10th of December, and throughhis president and earnest efforts the Committee on theDistrict were induced to report it on the 13th of February,since which he has steadily urged its passage,which has only been impeded by the fruitless endeavorsof others to amend it in accordance with their individualdesires. But the Senate finally passed theGeneral's original bill, which practically strikes thefetters from the slave, without violating the rights ofthe legal owner, thus carrying out the great principleof constitutional government, by which liberty isfounded on law, and progress is conservative. Whilewe rejoice that the metropolis of our free republic willno longer be profaned by the wrongs of slavery, or bedesecrated by the barbarisms of slave-owners, let usnot forget to remember, as the chief working antagonistof this social curse, HENRY WILSON, a MassachusettsSenator." ENRY ILSON We print in our present number, with very greatpleasure and without abridgment, Mr. Wilson'sstraight-forward, matter-of-fact, able and luminousspeech in favor of the bill to abolish slavery in theDistrict, as delivered in the Senate on the 27th ultimo.We ask for it a thorough perusal: its humiliatingand afflicting facts, respecting the slave code towhich Congress has given its sanction from the beginningtill now, will cause a blush on every virtuouscheck, and excite a generous indignation that such acode could have been tolerated for an hour. The bill was alto earnestly sustained by Mr. Sumnerin a speech characterized by rhetorical excellenceand eloquent expression, for which we shall endeavorto make room in another number. Senator Fessenden, of Maine, gave to the bill a decidedsupport, in a speech of marked ability. We shall record as much of the discussion upon it,in both houses, as our limits will permit—the measurebeing one of historic importance, and having amost pregnant relation to the future legislation of thecountry. Of course, the "loyal" slaveholding Senators, suchas Saulsbury of Delaware, and Davis of Kentucky,were rampant in their opposition to the passage of thebill, and tried the old game of blaster and menace,but to no purpose. The retort of Senator Wilson, atthe close of his speech, upon the latter, indicatesthat the overseer's lash has ceased to have any terror,and is a most scathing rebuke, full of manly spirit,and couched in vigorous terms. Senator Wright, of Indiana, did what he could todefeat the measure in a speech becoming a doughface,and one whose contempt for the negro race shows himto be vulgarly self-inflated and destitute of all Christiansympathy. It is to be hoped that such a changewill yet be effected in the sentiments of the people ofIndiana as to make his re-election out of the question. 
