 Wendell Phillips, last evening deemed it expedientto tone down and sugar coat his treasonable lectureon the War. With this slight difference, thediscourse was substantially the same as THE NEWYORK TRIBUNE'S report of it as delivered in Washington. HE EW ORK TRIBUNE'S The labors of the framers of the Constitutionwere scoffed at and derided, and he frankly admittedthat he had been a zealous Disunionist forsixteen years, and until, through the working of thepresent war, he discovered glimmerings of universaland immediate emancipation, and of the blissful era ofpractical amalgamation. Comparing the relative exportsof the West India Islands and of the New EnglandStates as the test of the superiority of the races,the lecturer deduced the statement that the negrobeats the Yankee a hundred per cent. The audience,crinoline and broadcloth alike, enthusiasticallyapplauded this announcement of their own inferiorityto the greasy and half-civilized negroes of Jamaicaand Hayti. So much for the audience. Theexistence of any union sentiment whatever at theSouth Phillips earnestly combatted, and its allegednon-existence formed the basis of an argument forthe creation of a Union party of emancipated negroesand the colonization of the slaveholders. This sentence,in fact, is almost a syllabus of the argumentof the entire lecture. The military ability of Gen. McClellanwas ridiculed, and this provoked the onlymanifestation of disapprobation indulged in by the audience.Rather strange, too, considering that Washington,Jefferson, Hamilton, Madison, and other architectsof the Constitution, were stigmatized as evenmore complete failures an statesmen than McClellanas a soldier. But throughout, the harangue aboundedin as palpable treason as has ever been utteredby Davis or Yancey. It was administered, too, in amost plausible shape. False facts, figures, and logicwere resorted to. The dead statesmen of the Republicwere maligned and misrepresented and contemporaneoushistory grossly perverted. Wendell Phillips can return to Boston and congratulatethe treasonable coterie of which he is ashining light, on a brilliant achievements Chicago,which once refused to hear Douglas in vindicationof the Constitution and the sanctity of the Union,and mobbed the great statesman from the rostrum,has applauded him to the very echo in his execrationof the charter of our liberties and his ridicule ofour departed national greatness.—Chicago Times. Chicago Times. 
