 The Twenty Eighth Annual Meeting of the AMERICANANTI-SLAVERY SOCIETY will be held in theChurch of the Puritans, (Dr. Cheever's,) in the cityof New York, on TUSEDAY, May 6, commencing at 10o'clock, A.M. In the evening, another public meetingwill be held in the Cooper Institute, commencingat half past 7 o'clock. The names of speakers forthese meetings will be seasonably announced. MERICAN NTI LAVERY OCIETY USEDAY The Society will meet, for business purposes only,at the Lecture Room of the Church of the Puritans,it 8½ P. M on Tuesday, and. 10 A.M. on Wednesday. The object of this Society is still—as at its formation—theimmediate and total abolition of slaverywherever existing on the American soil, because of itsinherent sinfulness, immorality, oppression and barbarity,and its utter repugnance to all the precepts ofhe Gospel, and all the principles of genuine Democracy;its measures are still the same—peaceful, moral,rational, legal, constitutional; its instrumentalities arestill the same—the pen, the press, the lecturing field,tracts and other publications, etc., etc., disseminatinglight and knowledge in regard to the tyrannical powerclaimed, possessed and exercised by slaveholders, theactual condition of their miserable victims, and theguilty complicity of the people of the North, religiously,politically, governmentally, with those who "tradein slaves and the souls of men; "its spirit is still thesame—long suffering, patient, hopeful, impartial, benevolentalike to the oppressor and the oppressed,zealously intent on "promoting the general welfareand securing the blessings of liberty" universally,"knowing no East, no West, no North, no South,"but embracing the whole country in its charitable andhumane concern, and conflicting with nothing just,honest, noble and Christian in sentiment, practice ortendency. In regard to the struggle now going on between theGovernment and the Rebel States, this Society is unequivocallywith the Government, because it has doneno wrong to those States, nor furnished any justificationfor such a treasonable procedure on their part.Yet the Society sees in this awful conflict the fulfilmentof the prophetic declaration—"Ye have not proclaimedliberty every man to his brother, and everyman to his neighbor; therefore, I proclaim a libertyfor you, saith the Lord, to the sword, to the pestilence,and to the famine";—and it trusts that, in the spiritof sincere repentance and deep humiliation, acknowledgingthe righteous retribution which has come uponthem, THE PEOPLE will imperatively demand of theGovernment, (now that it has the constitutional rightunder the war power,) that it forthwith decree the immediateand entire abolition of slavery, so that peacemay be restored on an enduring basis, and the unityof the nation preserved through universal justice. In behalf of the Executive Committee, WM LLOYD GARRISON, President. President. WENDELL PHILLIPS,Secretaries. ENDELL HILLIPS Secretaries. CHARLES C. BURLEIGH, } Secretaries. HARLES URLEIGH Secretaries. ☞THE NEW YORK (CITY) ANTI SLAVERY SOCIETYwill hold its anniversary in the Cooper Instituteon WEDNESDAY evening, May 7th. HE EW ORK ITY NTI LAVERY OCIETY 
