 Personal denunciation is the most unpleasant partof a journalist's duty: but such is the infamous careerof many men that the newspaper press wouldbe conspiring against the public virtue and safety, ifit did not incessantly pursue them, and exercise allits energies to commote against them the perpetualodium of the nation. There is no man in this countrywho deserves a more severe application of thisrule than Wendell Phillips. He has scholarship andeloquence. But in what honorable direction has heemployed his faculties for the last nineteen years?In the honorable field of his profession? In thecomposition of useful works? In instructing thepeople in their obligations to the country oftheir birth? In enlightened patriotic statesmanship?In generous assitance to make America the mosthappy of lands?—is this the line of conduct to whichhe has applied the fine talents that nature generouslygave him? This line he certainly could havefilled with eminent distinction: but he has not enteredon it. Treason most bold most reckless, mostunblushing, and most dangerous has been his career.  In a recent lecture in Washington this man said:"I have labored nineteen years to take nineteen Statesout of this Union, and if I have spent any nineteen yearsto the satisfaction of my Puritan conscience. It wasthose nineteen years. Unless within twelve months ortwenty-four, Maryland is a free State, Delaware, andhalf Virginia, would to God that building (the Capitol)with this city of Washington had been shelled toashed last July." "I have labored nineteen years to take nineteen States It wasthose nineteen years. Here is not only a confession of guilt but also aboastful rhetorical amplification of it. This too anWashington—within earshot of the very Presidentand Administration who have been eager to commitmen of far less treason to Fort Warren and otherplaces! In presence of this fact we ask where isthe honest consistency of the government? Wasthe offence of Mr. McMaster anything in comparisonwith that which this fire brand loudly declaimed ofhimself in the national Capital? Were any of theother imprisoned men equal to him in public criminality?The President is carrying on war againsta most unjustifiable rebellion, and much of the energyof the war is owing to the truth that the Southhas been plotting separation for a long time butWendell Phillips declares himself to have laboredfor nineteen years to destroy the country. He makeshis declaration in the ears of the President, and hesays he will not desist; yet the traitor is allowed toremain at large! This is not honest consistency.We denounce it. We ask the people to demand itscorrection. Let all domestic enemies to the Constitutionbe punished. Repressing the rebellion in theSouth is only half the work. The Abolitionists of theNorth, with Phillips at their head are the worse traitorsof the two. Until that fanatic herd are extinct,the nation cannot be free internal discord. Sparingsuch criminals is not a national virtue but a nationalabandonment of duty that is certain to producethe worst public consequences. Unfortunately wecannot hope that the duty will be resumed. We supportthe administration with all our strength in thewar against the belligerent rebels: but we cry outagainst permitting the rebels of the North to proceedunmolested, giving daily increase to the distractionsof the nation. Let Phillips be arrested.The dignity and honor and safety of the Administrationand the country demand this. laboredfor nineteen years Such is the man— a very brief not on him, indeed—to whom the Pennsylvania Legislature has giventheir Capital to lecture in. Comment is unnecessary.It would not be more criminal to give this privilegeto Jefferson Davis himself than to WendellPhillips. The latter is the Yancey of the North.Pennsylvania is not represented by the men thathave thus insulted the Constitution. But the SmithsonianInstitute set them the example and anothermonth may show that the national Capitol itself hasbeen tendered to Wendell Phillips. We have notrust in the safety of the Represent in the peoplethemselves; and with them the best remedy is — theremedy now in the hands at the fathers, their sons,and their friends against the criminal South. Boston(Catholic) Pilot. Boston(Catholic) Pilot. 
