 MISS SALLIE HOLLEY, of Rochester, N.Y., daughterof the late Hon. Myron Holley, celebrated as apioneer in the anti-slavery cause in this country,thirty years ago, delivered a very earnest, eloquenta receiving address on the Wrongs of American Slavery,last evening, at the Universalist Church. ISS ALLIE OLLEY Use sympathetic, forcible, and logical manner inwhich she presented her views, and advocated theterms of the anti-slavery cause fro support, evidentlyhave great impression upon the large audience presence.It was one of the best and most effective addresseswhich have been made, on the subject. The speaker closed, thanking the proprietors of therefuse for the privilege of speaking in it. We trustat her statement, that that was the only church inSociety which could be obtained for her to speak in,was made under misapprehension of the facts, as herdesires was of such a nature as should entitle its authorto a cordial welcome in any Northern pulpit.—it Wooster Daily Spy. Wooster Daily Spy. We doubt not that the Spy, on inquiry, will besatisfied that there was no misapprehension of thefacts, but that Miss Holley's statement is the literaltruth, discreditable as it may be to the churches andleading religious influences of Worcester. We knowthat the two religious societies in Worcester, (oneTrinitarians, the other Unitarian,) which stand themost favorably affected of all to the anti-slavery cause,refused to allow Miss Holley the use of their respectedhoused in which to rebuke the national sin ofslavery, and plead the cause of the man fallen amongthieves. It was understood that, in both cases, theminister of the church favored the request of MissHolley, but the church authorities refused consent, totheir shame be it spoken. What concord or affinityhave such churches with the mind of Christ, or whatclean to be regarded as churches of Christ.? Spy know This is the third time, within a few weeks, that aUniversalist church has opened its doors to Miss Holley,as an advocate of the enslaved millions in thisland of liberty! Let due honor be awarded for theseinstances of manliness and Christian fidelity, so rareeven in Massachusetts.—M. land of liberty 
