 I think that if you will allow use the merit of introducingas good a speech, [alluding to the speech of Gov.Robinson, of Kansas,] I need not make one myself.At any rate, as all governors, when they visit the collegefrom which they graduated, are complimentedwith the degree of Doctor of Laws, I think we shouldbe willing to confer it upon Gov. Robinson. (Laughterand applause.) And, indeed, if you were to throwin the degree of Doctor of Divinity, I should not object,for his divinity is about as good as we usuallyget. (Renewed applause.) I think the testimonywhich he has given us relative to the people of Kansasgoes to sustain the wisdom of the philosophy thathas been laid down, time and again, from this platform.We are not to expect, from a comparativelyrude community, yet in the gristle, not hardened intothe bone of manhood, not knowing each other, notreaning in the grooves of familiar institutions—wearsnot to expect from them, certainly, any greater advancein a radical, philosophical construction of Government,than from old established institutions likeours in Massachusetts. It was always to me a fairexcuse, offered to me as far West as I ever went, inLaws, when then said, 'Set us the example in Massachusetts.You have more leisure and more leisurelymen; you have more disciplined, educated, and farsightedmen than we have; you have an older averagepopulation; it becomes you to set the example;we will fellow you.' When these young States wantto make a code of laws, what do they do? They takethe statute book of one of the New England States astheir model. When we send out a code of laws, it isa light to all these States. That is the reason whythe petition that has been named here gains additionalweight, every word of it, from the testimony whichGov. Robinson has given of the state of things inKansas. We want to stereotype Massachusetts' examplefor these young States; we want to show themwhat can be peaceably and safely done, for they naturallylook to us. In that connection, allow me to mention anotherthing. I want to thank our friend Everett for throwingthe religious element into the discussion, and forbringing us back to the point from whence we started.I spoke this morning of the petition from Georgetown,and stated that that large number of nameswas obtained by the exertions of one of the everpresent Beecher family—Rev. Charles Beecher. Iwas mistaken. It was a humble citizen, one MosesWright, who took the blank petition, and then, onhis own responsibility and agency, presented it to theclergyman and his wife, who signed it, and then, byhis own hard labor, from time to time, sought, inhis own house or place of business, each one of thefour or five hundred persons whose names he secured,by dint of earnest effort, backed by a life that lookedover his shoulders, and sent us that most honorable petition.(Applause.) Now that is a Moses worth having;and I believe in his plenary inspiration. (Laughterand applause.) I wish to do justice to that man;for it is hard work to carry round one of those petitions.I honor the moral intrepidity of the man whotakes his whole town by the threat, and makes it doits duty. But look at that petition. Men shrink formit; the Legislature, it is said, may shrink from it.But you cannot find a man in the Commonwealth,—unless it be South-side Adams, and I do not thinkquite so bad even of him,—who, when you put it tohim as an individual, as a Christian, as a man, aloneon the sidewalk, would respond to you that he himself,in his own person, would assist in the return of afugitive slave. I have yet to find that man or womanamong the millions of the men and women of Massachusetts.I do not know that he can be found. Why,here was a distinguished judge on the bench of theSupreme Court of the United States, who went downand argued the question in Faneuil Hall, that we allought to obey the Fugitive Slave Law; yet it wasprivately reported that at that very hour he had comehimself from the Christian duty of smuggling his ownblack servant into Canada. (Applause.) I have afriend and relative settled in the city of Brooklyn,New York. He was surprised one night to find at hisdoor a clergyman of that city, hurried, anxious, breathless,whom he recognized as the preacher of one of themost lauded sermons in support of the Fugitive SlaveBill, and which the Journal of Commerce had praisedweek after week. There he stood, under the porticoof my friend, also a clergyman, and as soon as hecould get breath to speak, he said, 'What do you dowith these black people? I have got a fugitive womanat my house; I don't know the steps to betaken, but she must be got to Canada.' Stutteringwith impatience, hardly able to art culate, confusinghis words and questions, and only anxious that heshould not lose a moment to give the officers an opportunityto seize the fugitive who had knocked athis door for mercy, and found it, because he had aheart that was not hide-bound by his theology. (Applause.)I say it is a singular fast, that you cannotfind an individual in the State who is willing to saythat he would assist in returning a fugitive slave. Moses Journal of Commerce Mrs. FOSTER rose to correct the speaker. She saidthat the City Marshal of Worcester, Wm. S. Lincoln,and a dosen others in that city, had said again andagain, that they would aid in the return of a fugitiveslave, when called upon. OSTER Mr. PHILLIPS.—I have one or two remarks to makeupon that. You remember that story of the Cape Codcaptain who had a steamer that run from Hyannis toNantucket, and in the cabin was a notice that no gentlemanwas expected to spit on the carpet. One daythe captain went up to a man, and remonstrated withhim for disregarding the notice. 'Lord, captain,' saidhe, 'I aint a gentleman.' I am not sure that a UnitedStates Marshal comes up to my statement when Isaid no man. (Roars of laughter and applause.) Then,again, you remember that inimitable chapter in Mrs.Stowe's novel, where a State Senator, away off inMichigan somewhere, who had been making a verypatriotic speech, and declared what he was ready todo, and how willingly he would do it, and summonedhis fellow-citizens to his aide, went home and foundthat his wife had hidden a fugitive slave in her room,looked in her face, and 'caved in.' I am not surethat Marshal Lincoln would not do the same. Iknow his brother when he was a boy, and he had aheart; and I am not sure that the Marshal wouldstand fire. But if he did, he is only one; and I haveno doubt, now I think of it, that there may be, nowand then one—I had forgotten Hallett and Cushing,and several others. (Laughter and applause.) Butwhat I mean is, the general remark holds true, thatout of a million of men and women, you would notfind a thousand, you would not find anything but themost (in two senses) despicable minority, who wouldconsent to such an act; and everybody, (an immensemajority, at any rate,) would be ashamed of it. HILLIPS. man. one Now, the influence I was going to draw is this:When the State assembles as a State, why should itnot enunciate for law what is the heart-sentiment of atleast nine hundred thousand out of the million? Ibelieve we do not utter foolish speeches when weprophecy, that when we have eight or nine hundredthousand out of a million on our side, it will Let belong before we stereotype these pulses into statutes.I cannot believe that it can be long delayed. ThisLegislature may not do it; the next Legislature maynot do it. When they have done it, it is possible thatthe Supreme Court may stand, as I said, like a Gibraltaragainst it. I have no feeling of disrespect towardsthe Supreme Court; but you know John QuincyAdams told, when they threatened him with such aninstitution in Congress, the old story of the Cholnessdoctor in England whose place was given to another,in case of his death—the was they manage thosethings in England. The young man went down tolook at the place, and as he was walking in the garden,the old gentleman went up to him and said, 'Young man,I am not fifty yet; my father lived to be ninety,my mother ninety-six, and my grandfather almost ahundred.' 'Sir,' replied the young man, 'I can wait.'(Laughter and applause.) So we can wait until theSupreme Court gent ready to obey the State, or theState gets ready to dispense with the Supreme Court.(Lord applause.) One way or another, in this age, and is these institutions,the people get their will. I believe, for instance,that the slave trade will be reestablished.Why? I do not think—at least I am hardly fearful—that the Congress of the United States will, by formalenactment, proclaim its own shame, and repealthe statute against piracy. I do not (believed, on theother hand, that the wealthy men who bread slaves,or hold them the Care lines and Virginia, wherethey are worth, on an average, a thousand dollars ahand, will aid a scheme that is going to introduceslaves at four or five hundred dollars ahead. But Ido not believe that either this wealthy class, or thereluctance of Congress to repeal its statute, will defectthe pecuniary interest, liburstsring ambition, ferretingrecklessness and love of adventure, of loungingthousands in the Southern States, who have nothingto do. I believe that, as yon can always snugglegoods when the profit is forty par cent., a fortiori, youcan snuggle goods in the broad light of day, when theprofit is three hundred per cent. Look at the case ofthe 'Wanderer.' The U.S. Marshal of South Carolina,after the passes of that State baa proclaimed thatthe captain of the 'Wanderer' ought to be welcomedas a deliverer, not triad as a criminal, announces thatif the captain surrenders himself, he (the Marshal)will not deliver him up to the authorities of Georgia,on requisition, but will try him himself; and thenthe complacent captain surrenders himself. having hadthe pledge of the Government that he shall not suffer!How clearly that one hot indicates the state of publicopinion at the South! a fortiori Now, how are we to act? It seems to me thatwe may say—the phrase I was about to quote remindsme of another thing. I cannot stand have, and watchthe hands of yonder clock, warning me that the lastmoments of this Anniversary are approaching, withoutremembering one so often with us, and whosevoice has so long thrilled the heart of the Commonwealthwith a brave and pure eloquence, owning andwielding an inevitable weight to which few men canlay claim. Sickness parts him from us to-night, sealsthose wise lips for the present, bids that untiringbrain be still, takes from the slave's coffer the wealthof that rich freighted intellect, takes from hit side thestrength of that sturdy right arm, and sends TEBODORRPARKER to softer climes; whence soon, with God'sblessing, be shall come,—turning our prayers intothanksgiving, and making glad every heart that lovesliberty and struggles to save the race,—with restoredstrength and his wonted vigor to load and to labor,as he has done, so generously, so efficiently, and withsuch abundant fruits of his ministry for so manyyears. I cannot remember it without trying to giveexpression, feebly, at the moment, to what your heartswould say so much better, how profoundly we appreciateall ha has done, how sorely we shall lack hisaid, how deeply we shall feel his absence, with whatlonging we shall wait hit return. EBODORR ARKER Suppose I turn aside to criticize another thing inthis connection. A man of as generous a heart, histongue touched with a kindred eloquence, but fetteredby a fellowship with men-stealers, fighting up like athunder-storm against the overwhelming suspicionand the black clouds that tattle, deservedly, on hissect, who has never sundered the ties that compromisehis position, and whose trumpet gives so often anuncertain sound,—such a man thinks it worth hiswhile—he forgets himself enough—to apologias to aboy or bigot critic—he, free to frequent drunken revelsin honor of old poets or of New England anniversaries,and when blamed, deigning no answer,—he so muchforgot their relative places, that when God helpedhim once to cut loose a moment from his black associates,and, like a white dove, mount to the clear blueof Theodore Parker's platform, apologized for thesoaring flight to his accomplices, explained it withlavish logic to bigot priests; and the undertone of hiswhole apology is as if he had condescended to theforemost scholar of New England, to the purest andalmost the only church that Boston boasts, to onewhose place is in the vanguard of thought and life, tothe Jove of the New England pulpit, whose brainforges thunderbolts before which every thing base,cruel and unchristian trembles on the shores of eitherocean, wherever our English tongue is used. (Enthusiasticand prolonged applause.) I was about to quote Mr. Parker's favorite oldmaxim—'Let dog eat dog '—which he has told us sooften. It may not be our part to take special actionin politics; but we stand here Massachusetts men. Isaid the other day, that Gov. Banks represented oneclass of the Republican party, who seemed to me tolook upon Massachusetts only as a convenient horseblock,by which to vault into the saddle of nationaloffice. They use the State simply as a means forsomething else. It is large enough for a pedestal.We do not look upon it so. Little Greece, hardlylarger, has kept the world talking about her achievements,has been the source of thought and liberty toevery country since. Massachusetts is large enoughto block the wheels of the Union; Massachusetts islarge enough, if redeemed, to give the key-note to thefree States of the North. What I want is to use thisconvenient width and breadth of State to inauguratean absolutely faultless politics; to make our Constitutionclean, so that other states can imitate it; so asto send out our politicians with no fetter of apology.Give us a Massachusetts with no stain of blood on herstatute book, and no compromises in her Constitution.Give us a Massachusetts that does not send her legalsons down to Fanatic Hall with an argument in supportof the Fugitive Slave Bill on their lips, and arailroad ticket to smuggle a domestic out of their ownhouse in their pockets. Give us a Massachusetts thatwrites out on her statute-book the benevolent wishesof her citizens. Why should she not? Do you saythere is any thing in the Constitution to the contrary?The Republicans my there it not. 'Physician, healthyself!' I measure you by your yardstick. Youtell me there is no clause in the Constitution whichorders the return of fugitive slaves. If so, pat it onthe statute-book, that the dreams of Joseph Story sadRoger B. Taney shall not be considered the constitutionallaw of the United States. (Load cheers.) If,on the other side, you turn round and say, 'We cannotpass that statute, because there is s clause in theConstitution that binds us to return the fugitive,' thenI ask, how do you settle it with your conscience whenyou swear to support such s Constitution? By whatjugglery did you get inside of that Stats House, sadobtain this power to act? Was it by swearing to returnfugitive slaves? Own up, then; you are a slave hunter!In the language of Dr. Channing, you are'a legalized robber.' In the language of Dr. Channing,you are 'the watch-dog of the plantation.' Doyou accept the titles? Then own up, that you have'no right to laugh at the Marshal of Worcester, even ifhe were as bad as his words, or at Hallett, or GeorgeT. Curtis, or any other of the standing bans of merriment,when humor runs low, and the clouds hangheavy above us. Why did you swear to obey a Constitutionthat bids yon not enact justice and makes humanitylaw? If you cannot do it, then yon have noright to be in that State House. 'I cannot readeryou justice,' said Philip of Macedon to a woman whoasked for it. 'Then,' said sha, 'yon have no right tobe king.' (Applause.) I think, Mr. President, our argument is perfect tothe Republican; and if Massachusetts enrolls ninety-ninepatents to one from any other State, I do not seewhy she should not have a patent for the invention ofa humane law. I am sure that nobody can my thatit was ever invented before. (Applause.) Whyshould we not, under the great American principlelaid down by Bancroft, that American law is not madeby compacts and parchments, by enactments of theLegislature and the consent of the governed, but byacquiescence of the people—why should, but bythe present wish of the people? What did JohnQuincy Adams say, when, during the Missouri Compromise,they threatened to put upon the statute-bookwhat he deemed an unconstitutional act?  Why,ha said, 'Gentlemen, if you foist that unconstitutionallegislation into the Constitution, the Constitutionno longer exists, and Massachusetts not only hasa right, but she is bound to declare the Union dissolved.'That was the principle of John Quincy Adamsin 1819. Men shrink m from making a little law,as if our fathers never made any. They made theConstitution of 1780 and '87; and to-day, when theSouth wants a law made for her, she makes it to suitthe times. How came Louisiana into this Union?Jefferson, who signed the bill, acknowledged it unconstitutional;Adams, in the Senate of the UnitedStates, pronounced the argument of Tracy of Connecticut,by which its constitutionality was denied, unanswerable.'It was the 'We take the responsibilityof the Democratic party which enacted the bill; 'andnow,' said they, 'let us see whether the people equience.'They did acquiesce. Then Florida wascarried; afterward Mexico; and when the argumentwas brought up in the Sonata that it was unconstitutional,even Webster allowed that the acquiescence of thepeople had settled that it was a law of the UnitedStates, though nobody could find it in the parchment.Now, I say. let the North act on this principle. LetMassachusetts begin by declaring on her statute-book,that there shall be no slave-hunting in her territory;that if slavery is the creature of municipal law, it mayrest there, but the moment a man touches Massachusettssoil, all he shall have to prove is that he HAStouched it.( Loud applause.) If a million of menacquiesce in it; if, off cry 'Amen,' and the SupremeCourt 'cuckoo.' (Laughter and cheers.) For youknow as well as I do, that in the shifting quicksandsof constitutional law, it is the opinion of the conservativeintellect of Massachusetts that really guides thedecisions of that \court. You know that if we ononly brine up the public opinion of the State, by suchan agitation as we are carrying on, to demand of thehunting on our soil, there will be no need of gettingrid of the Supreme Court, or of getting rid of anybody.I complained to-night of being called to thisplatform; but the moment anti-slavery gets to be inthe state in which Free Stateism is in Kansas, as describedby Governor Robinson, there will be Doctorsof Divinity on this platform, crowding for an opportunityto say they always thought just as; the SupremeCourt will hasten to make up a case to undothe decision in the Sims case, and announce to thenation that Massachusetts holds herself to be a freeState. What do you suppose makes the law forTaney and his associates? Is it the words they findwritten in the law books, or the decisions of the EnglishKing's Bench or our own? No; it is the interestsof the Democratic party at Washington, Buchananor Douglas—the rival interest of the chiefs of departments.Nobody deems it any libel on the SupremeCourt at Washington to My so. Of course, our SupremeCourt is a great deal batter, and purer, andmore learned,—because it is a great deal nearer home.I do not know but Lemuel Shaw is a more honestman than Roger B.Taney,—I am inclined to thatha is. He once put on his brow that bright clearlaurel, the decisions in the Med case, when he said, theslave that is brought here, we will clutch her, andsave her as a trophy of Massachusetts institution.(Loud cheers.) It is not in Anti-Slavery to be ungrateful.No; and it is not in Anti-Slavery either toexpect that the pulse of seventy or eighty shall bestwith all the enthusiasm and fluid possibility of chargesthat men of middle ago possess, and ought to use. Wepardon something to the necessarily faltering, andsomewhat timid, and perhaps chilled pulses of age.It is only once in a while, just to prove the rule, thatwe see an exception, like your father, sir, [EdmundQuincy in the chair,] who outdoes, at eighty, even hismature age. (Loud cheers.) But I have spoken as long as I ought ('Go on,go on.') All I can say is, I do hope that the Legislaturewill listen to this petition, and that we shall notclose this Convention without the earnest hope plantedin us, that from that Capital will come down the'Amen' of the humanity of the State, and that weshall have it to say of Massachusetts, that she doesorder her judges to decree justice. (Loud applause.) 
