 The following is the text of the preamble and resolutionsadopted at a meeting of the New York YachtClub on Thursday evening. Feb. 3: Where, In a communication to the Senate fromthe President of the United State, Jan. 12, 1859, thefact is officially stated that a cargo of upward of thosehundred negroes from the coast of Africa has beenlanded in Georgia from the yacht Wanderer; and Whereas, The vessel thus designated is comprisedin the list of yachts forming the New York YachtClub Squadron, it is unanimously Resolved, That the name of the yacht Wanderer from the list, and that W.C. Corrie, proprietorof said yacht, and a member of this Club—primarilyfor his deliberate violation of the laws of the UnitedStates, but more especially for his being engaged in atraffic repugnant to humanity and to the moral senseof the members of this Association—be, and hereby isexpelled from the New York Yacht Club.  Resolved, That this preamble and resolution ispublished.  The American Almanae and Repository of UsefulKnowledge, for the year 1859. 13 me., pp. 334.Cosby, Nichols &Co., 117 Washington Street,Boston. The present issue forms volume X. of the thirdseries of this valuable publication, which is justlycalled a Repository of Useful Knowledge. It containsthe Calendar and Celential Phenomena for the year1859, with various tables of Meteorological information,in the first part; and in the second part, an immenseamount and variety of information; first, rejectingthe government and institutions of the UnitedStates, and next, those of the individual States, commencingthe most important facts in regard to the Exclusivefunctionaries of the Federal and State governments,with the officers of their several departments,the Post Office, its regulations and its officers, thedirectors of Customs, the Army, Navy, and Marineof the judiciary, the functionaries by whom our incourse with foreign nations is maintained, our revenueand expenditure, commerce and navigation, institutionsfor education, elections and legislatures,banks, railroads, and telegraph lines, and other particularstoo numerous to mention. With these are given to the public two interestingand valuable scientific papers, one by Prof. Lovering,of Harvard University, on the history, use, and medicaltheory of the very curious Australian weaponcalled the Boomerang; the other by G.P. Bond,Esq. on Celestial Photography. The American Almanac is a treasury of statisticalformation, presenting, with great order and commences,facts which every one needs for occasionaldifference, and which every one may road with interestand advantage. 
