 ☞At the last session of the annual meeting of theMassachusetts Anti-Slavery Society, on Friday evening,Jan. 28th, addresses were delivered by Mrs. CarolineM. Severance, Wm. Lloyd Garrison, and WendellPhillips That of Mrs. S. we shall print nextweak: the two last we give below. SPEECH OF WM. LLOYD GARRISON. MR PRESIDENT,—The story of the Good Samaritanhas come down to us from the past centuries, andwill go down to the end of time; and every where itwill be accepted by the judgment, and conscience,and heart of man, as the best exposition and proof ofthe love of God that can be shown. 'He's true toGod who's true to man.' It was a very simple andpertinent interrogation of old,' He that loveth nothis brother, whom he hath seen, how can he loveGod, whom he hath not seen?' My friend, Mr.Wright, omitted one remarkable feature of thattransaction. He forgot to say that the crowning excellenceof the conduct of the Good Samaritan wasthis,—that the man whom he succored and saved washis enemy. The Jews had no dealings with the Samaritans.Would not that Samaritan have been justifiedin also turning aside, like the Jewish priest andLevite, and refusing to give any aid? Nay; thoughthe wounded traveler was an enemy—a bitter andmost implacable enemy—he never seems to havethought of it, but went to him just as it he had beena brother Samaritan. I take this to be the sublimeof moral action, and the grand feature which makesthat story so touching and soul-subduing. Certainly,in the judgment of the Jewish nation, that Samaritanwas a heretic and infidel. As for Jesus himself, whowas no Samaritan, but a Jew by birth, we know verywell in what estimation he was held by those whorepresented the religion of the day, who claimedto have Abraham for their father. We knowthat they put him to death on the ground of his exceedingwickedneer. The charge was clear and distinct:—'This man is not of God; he keepeth not theSabbath day.' And then, in regard to his wonderfulworks, remember that he was accused of 'casting outBeelzebub by Beelzebub'; and they said, 'He hatha devil'; and they said, also,' We have heard hisblasphemy:—what need have we of further witnesses?Let him be crucified.' Now, that noble and herolesoul said, once for all, in reference to those who shouldfollow in his footsteps, 'If they have called the masterof the house Beelzebub, how much more shall theycall them of his household? And an apostle, himselfaccounted as 'the filth of the earth, the offscouringof all things,' for Jesus' sake, also said, in the hearingof all posterity, for the comfort and edification of allherole and brave spirits suffering for righteousness'sake—' If we suffer with Christ, we shall also reignwith him.' R RESIDENT his enemy. Infidels, are we? Yes, in the popular acceptationof the term. But then, when we learn what that is,instead of itsbeing a reproach, it is a laurel that anyman may be proud to put around his brow; for to bea Christian, popularly, means to be a sneak, a coward,a trimmer, a formalist, of a hypocrite—one whogoes with the multitude to do evil—one who is 'onthe side of the oppressor, where there is power,' andbecause there is power;—that is to be a Christian inthis country, as Christianity is now interpreted andrecognized. (Applause.) Now, to expose it, to repudiateit, is of course to be guilty of infidelity. Well,that is to be manly, heroic, and uncompromising forthe truth. I would not, for the world, be recognizedas a Christian, in the popular sense. I shouldfeel that I ought to hang my head for shame, if thatappellation were conceded to me, in the midst of universalreligious degeneracy. because Sir, we have been accused attacking the Churchof Christ. We have done no such thing. Why shouldwe? We have no controversy with that Church, forit is the church of Freedom. It has for its head,Christ the Redeemer, and we have no controversywith Redemption; that is our object. Christ came toopen the prison-doors, and set the captives free; thatis our mission. Why should we have any controversywith a Church which is all right—into which notyrant ever yet was permitted to center, although manya poor slave, in spit of the tyrant, has been taken toits embrace? Sir, it is time for us to look at the assumptionsof those organized bodies. which undertaketo awe us down, to padlock out lips, to frighten thetimid and unreflecting with the cry of 'infidelity.'It is an easy thing for any one to say, 'Our organizationis the true church'; equally easy is it to say,'I am a Christian.' A very thing is the true Church. The true Church—what is it? Can men bandthemselves together, and say, 'Go to! Voted, we arethe true Church,'—and make themselves such? No,sir, it is not made in that way. There church organizations—I deny their arrogant assumption, that theyare holy organizations, Heaven-derived, instead ofman-made. Why, sir, a man may go round theearth, and join every so-called religious organizationthat he can find, and he will not then have joined thetrue Church. One of the cheering results of thisconflict with a false Church has been the opening ofthe eyes of thousands to ace that they have been deludedin supposing that God requires them to join anyoutward organization, or that any such is that Church,'against which the gates of hell shall never prevail.'There petty corporations, putting on such divine airs!And yet asking permission of the state to exist, andto have granted to them the right to sus and be sued!'How divine is all that! (Laughter and applause.)And you and I must take care how we impeach orrebuke any of these corporations! It is a holyChurch—it is the Church of Christ! No, sir, it isnot; it is only another edition of Rome—a pocketedition.(Laugher.) It is edifying to are with whatunanimity the various protestant sects arrive at theconclusion, that the Romish Church is the 'motherof harlots.' Pray, who are her daughters, that havesprang from the loins, if they be not these corruptProtestant sects? (Loud applause.) I accept theirtestimony as to their mother; for, knowing their origin,and their character, I am sure that they are herdaughters. (Renewed applauses.) The only differencebetween them is, she is old and haggard, andthoroughly diseased, and they are young and buxomin their wantonness—that is all. (Continued applause.) The true Church—it is not organized flesh andblood. The true Church—there is no outward powerthat can put it down, because it is spiritual. Butwho will say that these petty organizations cannot bescattered to the winds of heaven, when empires disappear,when every thing is mutable beneath theskies, in the matter of emaciation and combination?The true Church is in the hearts of true believers;of these who love man, and therefore love God; andthat Church will stand. So, sir, even if it were true that we have broughtunjust assertions against the Mechanist Church, orthe Presbyterian Church, or the Baptist Church, orany other organized body, in this long-protractedcomfiest, it does not follow that we have emailed thetrue Church. But then, we have not unjustly accusedany of them. You remember the story of theman who come into his home one day in a greatrage, and said to his wife, 'I have just been called ascoundrel out here.' 'Oh,' said wife, 'don't mindit' 'Well,' said he, 'I would'nt if the man hadnot proved it on the charges are true, and connote be refuted;for we have exaggerated nothing, nor 'set downaught in mollies.' Understand, then, friends of freedom, that thesoul is not to be in bondage to say religious organization.it is tree to stand where it pleases, outsideor inside, where it can with a clear conscience, andwith no compromise of principle. This being so, wecall upon those who are giving their support to apre-slavery Church to come out, and shake off thedust of their feet upon it, and stand erect on the sideof humanity. I think God that the scope of Anti-Slavery isboundless; that there is nothing which portals tothe intellect, heart, soul, or interests of man, that isnot wrapped up in this movement. (Applause.)Slavery is the annihilation of all human rights, andtherefore of all human interests. Mr. Presidents, every great perform is a great religiousmovement, in the best sense of the term. Wesee this very clearly in regard to the post. We goback to Abraham and Moses, to Isaiah and Jeremiah,to Jesus and Peter and Paul, to Wickliffe andHues, to Luther and Melancthon, to Wesley and Fox,to the Puritan fathers—we go back to those old heretics,dissenters and infidels, and gratefully honor andreverence them as eminently religious, while we regardtheir persecutor and transducers with abhorrence. This Anti-Slavery movement, though everywheredenounced as infidel, shall be hailed by posterity asone of the most [extraordinary and] deeply religiousmovements that the world has ever known, and menwill draw inspiration from it in all coming time. Ifwe continue faithful in this work, others coming afterus will be made faithful through us to the duties oftheir age. If we are brave and heroic, and most thedemands of the times unflinchingly, men a thousandyears hence shall derive strength from our example.What incentives for a man to be loyal to right andduty! The power that is in hi,, the effluence that`goes out of him, the result of his thought or act—hemay not be able to compute it, to follow it, or tomeasure it, but it shall go circling round the globe,and down from one generation to another, blessing,and strengthening, and elevating, and saving multitudes.(Loud applause.) It is a mighty stimulus tothink what we may do, however humble. It is thedeed, not the man; it is being in the right, when themultitude are in the wrong. What a change since the Anti-Slavery cause waslaunched! Then, the American church and clergywere high above us—proud, haughty, defiant, lookingdown with scorn and contempt upon our movement.Now, they are in many cased brought down upontheir knees, begging not to be too severely dealt with,endeavoring to prove that they are anti-slavery, andentreating us to believe that they are 'as much opposedto slavery' as we are. They is a great change oftone and position. Mr. President, I wanted to say a word in regardto the specific work which is before us in the Old BayState. Last autumn, I was in Vermont, among theGreen Mountains, with my friend Mr. May, endeavoringto confer with the people on this great question.We traveled from place to place, and urged the importanceand duty of circulating petitions to be presentedto the Legislature of Vermont, asking thatbody to decrees the emancipation of every slave cominginto that State. Wherever we spoke, this suggestionmet with the heartiest response. The oneness of sentimentwas remarkable. There only a few weeks,however, before the Legislature would come together;but petitions were printed as speedily as possible, circulated,and numerously aligned, and then sent to thatbody; and to the surprise, I think, even of the mosthopeful, the Legislature promptly responded to thevery letter of the partition! (Applause.) Certainly,it is a most remarkable spectacle— Vermont leadingthe way, and by statute declaring, that no matter howa salve may get within her limits, whether he bebrought there by his master, or flee there for his ownsafety, he become a freeman; and whoever shalldare to molest him must suffer for it. (Applause.)That is the sublimest act of legislation in the historyof the United States. I told the people of Vermontat that time, that they might , if they could, anticipateMassachusetts. I did not then believe they could;but they have done it. All honor to the Green Mountainboys! I believe they will stand by it. (Loudcheers.) Well, sir, it will be honor enough for Massachusettsif she will say ditto to Vermont. And will she say so?'What do you think?' says one; 'shall we carry it?'I do not know,' is my reply. 'Well, how many petitionshave been sent in? 'I do not know.' 'Howmany yet remain to be sent?' 'I do not know.' ButI do know that a great deal depends upon the populardemonstration as to what the Legislature will do inregard to a measure so important as this. I believethere is great unanimity of feeling among the peoplein this matter; and I want the members of the Legislatureto see, from certain partitions that will go intothem, what is the state of public sentiment generallyin Massachusetts, and net doubt that the Commonwealthis ready for just a law as Vermont hasplaced upon her statute-book. There is one thing, in connection with this subject,that is very remarkable, and that is, the entire silenceon the part of the press in regard to this matter. Youreditor are very courageous man, are they not? Theywant to know a little more as to the exact state ofpublic feeling before they speak out. Not one singlejournal in the Commonwealth, except the Liberator,has noticed the fact that this effort is going on to nullifythe Fugitive Slave Law, and make MassachusettsCanada to every fugitive slave. Do you say that thatfact is rather ominous of defect? No; it is ominousof victory; for the old maxim, I think, holds food inthis case—' Silence gives consent.' (Applause.) Atany rate, there is no dissent, and we may take it forgranted, therefore, that the press is so conscience of thepresent state of public sentiment in Massachusetts onthis question, that, if it, has the disposition, it dare not,as' a matter of policy, oppose this effort. I think thisis a very encouraging sign of the times. Liberator But we may not succeed this year, thought I amgoing to assume that we shall. If we do not, we shallknow precisely what we have got to do. Go to workagain; once more into the 'deadly imminent brunch;'once more to canvassing the Common wealth, in a moresystematic and thorough manner than it has been donein our late effort. Massachusetts must be free sail toall who stand upon it. If we have to take the StateHouse down, brick by brick, this decrees must be made.(Loud applause.) We need not censor ourselvesgreatly with Georgia. Carolinas, or Alabasses. Let thango, if you will, until the Bay State liberates everyfugitive slave within her borders; and then, I think, astaggering blow will be given to the slave system ofthe South. Massachusetts will wheel into line withVermont; the Empire State is turning in the samedirection; Oslo, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and otherStates will follow, for the flame is spreading fromState to State, and the spirit becoming universal forthe same object. We are yet to have a North, and itis to be a gloriously free North, on the soil of whichno slave bunter shall ever dare is plant his feet, andupon which every slave shall find his emancipation.(Loud cheers.) liberates every 
