 Before the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society,January 28, 1859. Before the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society Photographically reported for the Liberator, by Mr. YERRINTON. ERRINTON. MR. PRESIDENT, —The subject which is presentedto us in this resolution, I am glad to know, is oneclaiming no small share of attention at the presenttime, throughout the Commonwealth; and, indeed,not in the Commonwealth alone. We have had, aswe were told yesterday, an example set before us ina neighboring State, in relation to this matter, worthyto be imitated by those who believe in the fundamentalprinciples embodied in the MassachusettsConstitution, and in the American Declaration of Independence. R. RESIDENT I have, in my going up and down in the land, veryoften had occasion to meet those who objected towhat they called the sweeping condemnation passedby Abolitionists on the people of the Commonwealth,and especially on the political parties of the North,by reason of their complicity with slaveholding. Ihave been told—'We are as much opposed to slaveryas you are; we do not mean to do any thing to givestrength to the oppressor's arm; and we do not feelthat the severe censures passed us are deserved.I have replied by asking them—' Are you ready to dothis thing?—You say that you cannot reach slaveryis Carolina and Virginia, and must not be condemnedbecause you do not assail it there; are you ready topurify the soil of the Old Bay State from the contaminationof slavery! Are you ready to say, that whenevera man sets his foot upon the soil of the Commonwealth,he shall be recognized as a man, and shallbe treated as a man?' And I have not always foundthem ready to say yes to this inquiry. If, in generalterms, at the first propounding thereof, theywould say yes, yet upon a closer cross-examination,upon a more minute specification of the measuresnecessary to attain the general object, they wouldoften shrink from replying in the affirmative—sometimesassigning one reason, sometimes another, thewhole, however, summed up in this—'The Union andthe Constitution.' We cannot say to the South, youshall no longer claim your runaways upon the soilof Massachusetts—you shall no longer blot out theblood-stained footprints of Concord and Lexingtonwith the foul tread of the kidnapper and slave-hunter—we cannot say this to the South, because theConstitution guarantees to the South the right tohunt runaways all over the North; to seize themwherever they shall be found, and to drag them backto slavery from the very door of the sanctuary ofliberty they may have endeavored to find shelter in.No matter that we have proclaimed to the nations,as a self-evident truth, the equal, inalienable rightsof all men; no matter that we are preaching from athousand pulpits the doctrine of human brotherhood—that God, who made the world, hath of one bloodmade all nations to dwell on the face of the earth; nomatter that our fathers stood for the defence of thoseprinciples in the day of trial and danger, perilingtheir lives on the high places of the field; no matterthat they baptized their infant liberty with blood, onthe spot where stands yonder granite column, tellingof the deeds that were done for impartial freedom;no matter that the voice of musketry and artillery,from the banks of Concord river and the Common ofLexington, spoke out defiant words for justice andhumanity, in the very face of the tyrant's displeasureand menace;—all that is nothing, because, at a laterday, the fathers consented to erase these gloriouswords of their earlier history, that they might findroom upon the page, made black by the erasure, towrite 'a covenant with death and an agreement withhall'—to write a compact binding them to give thelie to the glorious declaration of a previous day,binding them to bring upon their own souls thatvery stain of complicity with tyranny which theydeemed so dark a spot upon the character of theirmother land and its government. We cannot, then,they tell us, be just, we cannot be true to the principleswhich our fathers announced in their declaration,we cannot be humane and Christian. There isthe Gospel of Jesus, with the glorious example of theGood Samaritan, bending over the sufferer by thewayside, at the risk of no matter what peril to hisown person or damage to his own interest,—with itshigh lessons of self-denial, self-sacrifice, and generousdeeds of benevolence,—with its solemn injunction tofeed the hungry, to clothe the naked, and take in thehouseless wanderer, and recognize in every poor andsuffering child of humanity, only the disguisedform, but not the less real form, of Him who wasthe brightness of the Father's glory, and the expressimage of his person'; of Him who, speaking nowthrough the poverty-wasted lips and now with thetongue of the sable bondman, says—'Inasmuch as yahave done deeds of kindness auto one of these mybrothers, ye have done them unto me.' We know itis there; we read it every morning; we hear it everySunday from our pulpits; we are aware that the injunctionstands there, that the example is recordedthere, that a glorious spirit is diffused all throughthat blessed Gospel, and we in the presence of God,angels and men, have entered into a solemn covenantthat we will be true to that Gospel, that we will takeit as the man of our counsel, as the rule of our life,as the law of our spiritual existence and action. Yet,because our fathers made a bargain to secure certainpolitical advantages, that they would repudiate thisGospel when its application demanded humanity to— 'Resolved, That, whether the people of Massachusettscan do anything to abolish slavery in the Southor not, they can forbid, and are imperatively boundby the highest moral considerations to forbid, thehunting of fugitive slaves in this Commonwealth, andto decree the immediate emancipation of all such asmen as they touch our soil; they can and ought tocause from all slaveholding relations with the South;and therefore they can and ought, in common withthe people of every other free State, to withdrawfrom a government which, both by practice and intention,is a grand conspiracy against justice, and apowerful bulwark of the slave system. the bondman, justice to the oppressed, therefore willwe be inhuman to the bondmen, unjust to the oppressed;therefore will we trample our solemn covenantwith God, made in the presence of God, angelssad men, under our fest; and that we may be trueto a man-made Constitution, all black with iniquityand bloody with crime, we will be false to the mostsacred obligations of humanity and Christianity. I do not say that men answer mo in these words.I am translating their answer out of the dialect ofwily politicians and cunning sophists, into plain language,which the common people can understand.You and I know that my translation is a faithful one,lacking, it may be, the force which it would be desirableto impart to it, because the speech of man hasno symbols to match the ideas and the facts with whichwe hare to deal on this occasion. Well, then, I meet the question as it is propounded.Has the Commonwealth of Massachusetts a right torefuse protection to the bondman, to refuse a recognitionof his manhood, to refuse to repel the aggressionsof the Slave Power, and the intrusion of the kidnapperwithin her borders? Has Massachusetts a rightto sell conscience, and humanity, and God, for sopoor a mess of pottage as is brought to her in theleaky vessel of the American Union, serving only, asit bubbles from the cauldron, hell-heated, to scaldher own tongue with the dripping stream, and failingto satisfy her thirsting lip with the disappointingdraught. (Loud applause.) I say that Massachusetts has no such right; and Isay it conceding, for the present moment, that thecompact is, in letter and spirit, what it is assumed tobe; because, assuming it to be such, it is so grosslyand monstrously immoral, so flagrantly at variancewith the principles acknowledged by the Commonwealthas self-evidently true, such an outrage uponhumanity and decency, that it cannot be a bindingcompact. No man can bind himself, no communityof man can bind itself, by no matter what bargains, todo what God forbids, to do what conscience clearlyand emphatically condemns. Yon tell me it is legal,this claim of the slaveholder; you tell me it is constitutional,this right which he arrogates to himself toturn men into brutes by the help of the government.I tell you I do not care for your terms 'legal,' and'constitutional.' I might stand here and arguewhether it is, in any just sense of the term, 'legal';and if you quote Kent and Story, Marshall and Taney,I might, on the other hand, quote Blackstone,Coke and Vetted; and I might ask you, if legalauthority is to stand, whether that legal authoritywhich exists afar from the overshadowing influenceof the slave system, is lees likely to be affected bythose evil influences, or that authority which, stand-inthe very midst of this shadow, is dimmed and bewilderedby it. But without stopping to inquire as tothe fitness of the application of the term 'legal' tothis claim of the slaveholder, it is enough for me to beable to apply to it the epithets, immoral, infamous,atrocious. I say to a citizen of Massachusetts, Doyou not believe that the slave is a man, and yourbrother?—and few are the citizens of Massachusetts,so hardy as to answer No! They tell us that eventhe Boston Courier is beginning to claim for itself adue deference to the manhood of the black man; andif the Boston Courier has found out that it is expedientto say this, you may depend upon it, that theBoston Courier knows that Massachusetts believes itis right; and if the Boston Courier believes it is right,who will face the Commonwealth of Massachusettswith the imputation upon its character, that it doubtsthe rectitude of what even the Boston Courier feels tobe right? You admit, then, that the slave is a man,and your brother; you admit that he has the sameessential and inalienable rights that you have. Youwould skulk away in Roger B. Taney's poor hiding-place,and pretend that when the Constitution wasmade, the public sentiment of the civilized world regardedthe black man as 'having no rights which thewhite man is bound to respect' But even if that liewere a truth, it would not help the case at all, foryour obligation dates back to a period older than yourConstitution; and a part of the indictment which isread against you, and to which you must plead inHeaven's court, if not on earth, is that you consentto a Constitution which accepted as its basis, andIncorporated into its structure, that horrible blasphemyagainst God, and that insult to man, that any child ofthe Eternal Father is destitute of rights worthy of the'recognition of every other child of that Father. I askyou, assuming that your Constitution was based uponthis principle of essential wickedness, What right hadyour fathers to accept that Constitution as the supremelaw of the land? What right have you, now thatyour fathers have so accepted it, and transmitted to Iyou the tradition of allegiance to it, to accept thattradition, and ratify the contract which has thus beanmade with the powers of darkness? That is the questionwhich the people of the Commonwealth of Massachusettsmust answer. They may try to evade it today;they may try to dodge it to to-morrow; theymay try to silence it with the previous question, or amotion to indefinitely postpone in the State House;they may try to slur it over in the platform of the politicalcampaign approaching; they may try to avoidit in the discussions of the political press; they mayeven put it out of sight in the homilies of the pulpitand the religious newspapers—but the question mustbe answered! It has beam written out in the sight ofmen, it has been spoken in the ears of men, and thereis no escaping it after that. The murderer who, meditatingon his deed of blood, thought that, immoral, infamous,atrocious. Courier Courier Courier Courier Courier If it were dose, when it done, then 'twine wallIt were done quickly,  could as easily wash out the memory of that day,and make the event to 'trammel up its consequence'—could as easily close the eyes of that inner vision,which he shared not with any who shared not hisconsciousness of guilt, against the spectra that crowdedhim from his stool, and usurped his place at thebanquet—as the Commonwealth of Massachusettsblind her eyes to this question, which Is glaring outupon her from the skies that hang the North Star outto guide the fugitive in his flight, and speaks to herin the very murmur of the forest, which hears only,besides that murmur, the tread of the bondmanon his way to Canada. The question must be sect,then, has Massachusetts a right to abide by an unhallowedcompact? And deep daag is the hearts ofMassachusetts, if not very loud and audible to theoutward ear, yet clearly, distinctly, In tomes whichimperatively demand audience, the answer to thisquestion has already formed itself Into syllables whichwill scorch the soul which refuses to heed them.(Loud applause.) Massachusetts has no right! it isthe common sense of universal humanity, it is the doctrineof religion and morality, it is the principle of lawitself, which forbid obedience to an immoral injunction,compliance with the terms of an immoral compact. IfI ask the men of Massachusetts, Will you ratify abargain made by your predicamors to sanctify murderwith the warrant of statute law and judicial precedent?—the men of Massachusetts will probably look at mewith mingled astonishment and indignation, hesitatingbetween the latter emotion for the insult offered, andthe former that any man should dare to offer such aninsult. And yet, if you are eat to institute a carefulcomparison between murder and the chattelization ofmanhood—if against the single atrocity of the onecrime you balance the complex and innumerable atrocitiesof the other, who is there of you that is willingto avow his belief that it hi lam immoral, less criminal,to sanction slaveholding, than it is to sanction murder?If any for him I have this question: Bring thematter home to yourself, in such form as will sat itclosest to your moat central consciousness, whether itbe in imagining that you are to be the victim of theone or the other crime, or in imagining that tome objectof your tenderest affection is to be that victim.Fancy to yourself, for a moment, the alternative presented,whether the wife that you tore, whether thedaughter now blushing into beautiful womanhood,around whom cluster your strongest ejections, andupon whom rests a father's purest pride, shall falldead at your feet, and to-morrow be laid away is thesafe sanctuary of the gram, with the sheltering clodsof the valley above her form, or whether she shall begrasped by the kidnapper and ton from your verypresence, to be exposed for sale on the auction standof the human flash market, and be struck off to himwho will bid the largest mm of filthy gold for theprivilege of desecrating that sanctuary of the HolyGhost, polluting that dwelling-place of the social anddomestic affections, and turning that moat beautifulspecimen of fair humanity into the abode ofimpurity, and the scene of deepest degradation!Picture to yourself the presentation of that alternative,and then anticipate your own answer tomy question; and in that answer hear your judgmentof the comparative guilt of him who strikes the mercifulblow of murder, and him who binds around hisvictim the poisonous coil of the slave's chain, blisteringbody and spirit together at every point of contact,festering to the core of the soul's inmost being with acorruption darker than essential impurity itself, andmore terrible to bear than the Area of unending perdition.You have answered the question long before Ihave done asking it, and have been reproving me inI your souls for lingering in my tardy and halting speechbehind the unerring and lightning-like readiness ofyour response. Well, than, you have answered thequestion, whether Massachusetts has any right to giveback the runaway slave to his m aster; for you knowthat all these sophistical distinctions which our selfishnessand pride—sometimes with diabolical malicemore than diabolical ingenuity whisper in our ears—you know that these are of no avail before the searchingeye which looks to the very motive of our act, andsees that we are false to the convictions of our ownsouls when we seek the Justification for our ownthe color of its victim. Massachusetts has no right Grant, if you will, that the fugitive bondman comingfrom Carolina or Virginia belongs to an inferiorrace. I will not atop to argue that question nowbut the inquiry might very well arise, why it is thatthis haughty Saxon race, so conscious of its own superiority,is so afraid to trust a rival race to competewith it on equal terms for the world's prizes? Concedethat it is an inferior race with which we have todeal,—what then? Is that inferiority the justificationfor robbing it of that precious boon which the Fatherhas bestowed upon it? Or, in other words, do youjustify plunder by the poverty of its victim? Do yousay that because the poor man has but one email ewelamb, brought up in his bosom, while you have manyflocks and herds spread ever your rich estate, you maytherefore feed your guests with the flesh of his lamb,and dread no coming of God's stern prophet on themorrow to make you condemn yourself with yourown ops, and ratify the condemnation with thewords—' Thou art the man!' You know it is no justification.The slave cornea here and asks for protection.You know you owe it to him. Tell me you didnot bargain it is the Constitution—what then? Whydidn't you bargain it in the Constitution, and whatright had yea to refuse to bargain it to him in theConstitutions? Whoa a man comes from a distantlead to ours and asks to be sheltered under the roofof our 'asylum for the oppressed of all nations,' we bidhim welcome, same from what quarter ha may. EvenCass was ready to welcome Garibaldi from the warsof freedom is Italy, and the nation rises up with loadacclaim to greet the arrival of the Hungarian patriot;yea, end even far abroad in the harbor of Smyrna, faras the nation can reach oat the arm of to power, itprotects the refugee who has announced his purposeto become a citizen of oar country. So there in thenation's own answer to the question of to moral obligation. Thou art the man Now, have you any right to barter away the rightsof your fellow-men, and can you barter away yourown obligation? Remember, that wham you make abargain that you will not protect Martin Kosta in theharbor of Smyrna, that you will not shield Kossuthfrom the myrmidons of Austria seeking him in thestreet of Boston, that you will not shelter Garibaldifrom the minister at the Pope, you have not merelyattempted to divest yourselves of amoral obligation,you have attempted to sell away that which does notbelong to you—another man's rights. My right tobe protected here upon the Massachusetts is aright which God gave me, and not the Commonwealthof Massachusetts. Suppose that the Pilgrimslanded from the Mayflower upon Plymouth reek,and gave occasion for the lifting up of that highstrain of she English peace— What sought they thus afar?Bright jewels of the mine,The wealth of seas, the spoils of war?   They sought a Faith's pure shrine,Aye, call it holy ground,The spot where first they tred;They've left unstained what have they round,Freedom to worship God's—     suppose that before that event, when this continentas yet a wilderness, was untrodden by the whiteman's foot—go back, if you will, to a still earlierperiod, before the red man had chased his game, and supposethat some wanderer from a civilized land had beendrifted to these shores by adverse gales, and had methere, borne unwillingly from some other region of thecivilized world, one like himself, a solitary refugeefrom the fury of the tempest, what were their obligations?Not constitutional—for they had made noConstitution; not legal— for they had enacted nolaw; not arising from any compact, or covenant,—forthey had entered into none. What upon the soul of manthe law of his social nature, put into him the power tofeel for and with his suffering and imperiled fellows,then he wrote the mandate commanding him to helpthe suffering an the endangered. Now, can you repealthat Constitution of God by any of your manmadecompacts? Can you rub that solitary wandererfrom England, we will say, of the right to theprotection of his fellow-wanderer from France orGermany, by making a bargain that it shall not begiven? I owe you a debt; can I cancel that debt bysimply writing under the obligation which attests itthat I shall not recognize it henceforward? Certainlynot. Until, them, you can cancel the obligation ofsimple humanity to simple humanity, the obligationof kindness and mutual benefit and protection, youcannot get any right whereon to base your constitutionalcompact to give up the runaway slave to hismaster.(Applause.) You come together, not twoindividual, drifting hither from opposite regions ofthe earth, but multiplied to twenty millions, and yetevery one under this same obligation which God hadfixed upon the first individual man who set foot uponthese shores:—you come together, each bound by thatdivine law, and can you more shake it off by themultimode of your concurrence than could theindividual effort of the single solitary wonderer! If ahouse is built of blocks of granite, it is a granite house,no matter what incantations are muttered ever it, nomatter what inscriptions you engrave upon its front.Whatever is inherent in the individual constituentsof the collective mans is inherent in the mans itself;and therefore the obligation to protest every manwho sets his font upon your soil, is as perfect whomyou have formed a Union and Constitution, as it waswhen one man by the side of another stood in need orto help. You can never escape from that obligation. What is the making of a government? Simplythis: the construction of a machine more effectivelyto do that work, the doing of which was every man'sduty before the government was made. Suppose Iowe a man an obligation to reap his harvest upon theprairies of Illinois, and when I go to look at it, I findthere is an immense range of territory covered by thegrain, and I say— 'Here is a mighty obligation; whatshall I do? I can never reap down that field with theold sickle my grandfather used on the hills of NewEngland; I can never lay that harvest even in theswarth with the cradle I used is my early manhood;I must devise some other means to accomplish it.' SoI sit down, and, tasking my Yankee ingenuity to theutmost, I build in the recesses of my mind a raspingmachine, and then I drag that reaping machine outof the subtle chambers of the brain and incarnate it inwood and iron, and there it stands palpable and practicalbefore me. Now I have released myself, forbooth,say our learned statesman and profound jurist,from my obligation; because I have made a machinethat can do in one day what would have taken me sixmonths to accomplish! Do you believe that? No;the making of machine is to be justified by the useto which it id put; and that use is the fulfillment ofmy obligation. Government is made to protect theright of the governed. That is not, I think, one ofthe modern, ultra, radial, anti-slavery, Garrisoningobligations. I think we read it in a document onceregarded of some authority, in this country, at least—that the purpose of the institution of government isto protest the rights of the governed. Now, I askyou, is the slave one of your governed when he comesto Massachusetts or not? If not, then you have noright to govern him, but must leave him to go andcome when and where he pleases. If he is, then youhave bound yourselves to protest him by your government,in the simple fact that you have by your government.You have only transferred to it, as the instrumentof your action, the obligation which alreadyrested upon you, by virtue of God's decree, writtenin your very souls. That, then, is our answer to those who talks to usabout the Constitution. We contend that inasmuchas slaveholding is the violation of all human rights,that in as much as the refugee has a right to leave itbehind him, and seek freedom elsewhere, if he cannotfind it at home, and inasmuch as he has come to Massachusetts,and is within the reach of her protection,he has acquired thereby a right to that protection, andwe cannot divert ourselves of the obligation to give itto him. But then, they tell us the Constitution, nevertheless.What, I ask, is the relative authority of aConstitution that man makes, and a Constitution thatGod, makes? What is the relative authority of an absolutemoral obligation, and a more conventional obligation?One would think there need be no laboredanswer to question like these; and there would notbe, if man had not suffered their minds to be befoggedby the false teachings of politicians and private. WhenBoston pulpits can enunciate the infamous and blasphemousdoctrine that we must obey the statutes enactedby a constitutional Legislature, whether wise orunwise, just or unjust, and when the doctrine thatthere is any Higher Law is repudiated by politicalparties and scouted by political leaders, and denouncedas heresy to be punished by political death, it becomes necessary for us to teach the very rudiments ofpolitical morality, is becomes necessary for us to tellnow truths as plain that are might almost tremble inthe utterance, as insulting the understanding andmoral sense which we address; but so it is. New I ash—because I do not mean go at lengthinto this argument—but one question: What is,after all, the neuron of your obligation to shay thelaw of the land? Why, you say, because the substitutedLegislature has enacted it. But that only putsthe question one step further off. What is the sourceof your obligation to recognize the authority of theconstituted Legislature of the land? In other words,what is the source of year obligation to obey an cannotbecause it is a legislative enactment? Oh, youwill tell me, it is your right and duty. The instantyou make use of that word duty, you make your appealto somewhat within me that takes hold of mymoral sense, which takes cognizance of duty; and myinquiry is, whether I am bound to obey the dictatesof my moral sense or not. If I am not, than no matterhow you make it clear that my moral sense requiresit, I sweep away the statute and the moral sensetogether, and tall you it does not please me to obeyeither. But if, to avoid that conclusion, you say, Iam bound to obey the dictates of my moral sense,then I ask you, what must I do with your statutewhen that conflicts with my moral sense?—and youhave already answered me, in assuming that I ambound to obey my own conscientious conviction. Thatis you say, that to deny my right or obligation toobey my own conscientious convictions, is virtually tstrike at the very foundation of allegiance to yourgovernment. But I pass to another consideration. The Commonwealthof Massachusetts is to be called on,through its Legislature, this winter, to enact that noslave shall be taken back to bondage from its jurisdiction.I can easily suppose that the objection willbe urged there which we hear elsewhere 'the Constitutionand the Union!' I have shown that theConstitution, whereinsoever it conflicts with themoral law, is not and cannot be binding; that itis not only our right but our duty to trample upon it;but I have this further reason, that the party in interestagainst the claims of justice and humanity hasalready forfeited even its apparent claim upon theground of the compact of the Constitution. Whenever men make bargains, they make them with theunderstanding of mutuality—there is not only a benefit,but an obligation on both sides of the bargainIf I say to you, This farm shall pass into your possessionfor so much money to pass into mine, and yougive me your note of hand and receive the deed,when the time comes for the payment of the note ofhand, if you refuse to pay it, I am under no obligationany longer to recognize your right to the property,but have a right to use such means as will be effectualto bring that property back into my possession;or, if the note is to be paid before the dead isgiven, I have a right to refuse the deed. (Applause.)You all understand the principle wall enough, and Ithink you already know enough of our relations tothe Slave Power to see the application of that principlein the case before us. The bargain, we aretold, was this; that for certain considerations, we ofthe Commonwealth of Massachusetts will give up tothe slaveholder his fugitive from slavery. Well, so thebond, if it do not exactly so read, has bean, by commonconsent, interpreted. But, in the first place, the bargainrested upon these considerations—that, whateverrights ware guaranteed to us in the Constitution, weshall be permitted to enjoy without molestation; and,second, (if not expressed, yet necessarily implied inthe absence of any terms extending the obligationsfurther,) that we should not be obliged to surrenderslaves carried from any part of the earth that wasit covered by the terms of the compact. Now, inboth of these particulars, the Slave Power has violatedthe terms of its compact, and has thus releasedus from our obligation, if it were possible that a compactso immoral could impose any obligation at thebeginning. The slaveholders have not been true tothe terms of the bargain we made. The Constitutionhas guaranteed to us the privileges and immunitiesof citizenship, go where we will within the composeof this Union. If I go to Carolina, I am a citizen ofthe United States, and, by virtue of my citizenship,I have a right to free speech and a free press, and touse my moral and religious influence In favor ofwhatever my moral and religious nature tells me Iought to endeavor to promote. I hare a right, than—just as good a right in Carolina as in Massachusetts—to assail slavery with all the weapons of the moralarmory; I have a right to call upon the people of theSouth, in the name of justice and Christianity, in thename of humanity, in the name of sound policy, inthe name of good economy, to abolish the slave system;I have a right to say that it is unjust, antiChristian and inhuman, and that it is emphaticallyuneconomical I have a right to show its waste ofthe energies of the people, its waste of the resourcesof national wealth, its violation of the essential rightsof human nature, its opposition to the laws of God andthe teachings of Christ. Can I do it? Will Carolinalet me do it? I go their with the Constitution spreadall over me as my shield of protection, I go there withmy legal rights piled up before me as ea impregnablefortress of defense, and one breath dissolves itinto nothingness, and crumbles the parchment intothin particles of impalpable vapor. Where is my constitutionalprotection, if I dare to speak for humanity,for truth, for justice in a court of justice? If 1 dare toundertake the application of Christianity to the daily lifeof Carolina, if I even dare to quote 'Poor Richard's Almanac,'in application to the wasteful and desolatingsystem of slavery, I do it at the peril of my life; andthe very best fate I can hope is the privilege of goinginto instant banishment from the territory of the sovereignempire of Carolina. Well, I come home toMassachusetts, and the next day,—having beenbanished by Carolina from her soil, in defiance of theterms of the compact,— I turn sound and catch AnthonyBurns, and tying aim hands and feet, hurryhim back into Cesalina bondage! Even waiving thequestion of the original immorality of the compactam I bound, having been robbed of the benefits thatwere to accrue to me, still to core all the burdens thatwere imposed upon me? I call you, no. duty I might go on and reside one particular after anotherin whish the Constitution has been violated by theSlave Power, not under the influences of passion, notin moments of high excitement, but deliberately, systematically,on a preconcerted plan, and with anunanimity that speaks the Slave Power so completeas to leave so possible doubt of entire harmony ofsympathy and feeling and causes of purpose andaction. Now, who will tell me, in the face of these undeniablefacts, that might be pilled one upon another—like poling upon ones, until the whole land shouldbe shadowed by the very darkness which would breedover it,—who will tell me that, nevertheless, we seebound to abide by the terms of the Constitution? But, as I said, the Constitution carries with it anotherobligation on the part of the pre-slavery party,and that is, not to attempt to stitch its applicationbeyond the limits originally understood. Yet theSlave power has done that. It has carried to Texaswhat was meant Daly for the Atlantic States: it hascarried over to the territory of Louisiana, and the Statesserved and to be carved our of it, and it is trying tocarry to Cuba, and Niearangna, and Sonora, and Iknow not how many other provisos and islands ofcondiment and sea, that obligation which was originallyunderstood as limited within definite boundaries.Now it has no boundaries. The domain ofslavery is bound only by the possibility of slaveryextension. If you know where that limit is, thenyou can tell me what is the limit to which the SlavePower would carry the obligation to give back roadwayssalves, and to do whatever other Pro-Slavery weakit sees it to exact from us. I deny the compactorif one of the parties to a compost to extend the applicationof its terms in this manner. But if you willme that it is not extended simply by the action of oneparty, but by the consent of all parties; if you tell methat, although Texas was admitted unconstitutionally,and Louisiana obtained unconstitutionally, (so admittedby Jefferson himself, when he made the purchase,)yet the North has made the act constitutionalby tacit consent, by the ratification of acquiescence,I answer, very well; I grant it, for the makeof the argument; but then, what following? Why,that we are not living under the Constitution ourfathers made in 1757 to 1759; that we are not livingunder the Constitution which Washington administrationand Jefferson violated when he bought Louisiana:which, if it had been in force, Polk would havetrampled under feat when he admitted Texas, in financeof the Constitution, which confers the privilegeof admitting new States upon Congress and not uponthe Executive. In these various notes to which allusionhas been made, the old Constitution of the fatherwas clearly set aside, and either that Constitutionis binding now,—and if it is, all these acts are unconstitutionaland void,—or that old Constitutional is outbinding now, by virtue of the existence of a new one,and then it follows, that the obligations incurred bythe old one do not must upon us now. I say, itstrict truth, we are not living under a Constitutionalmade in 1787 to '89; I say, when the Slave powermade demands which the Constitution, did not warrant,it virtually purposed a new Constitution, andwhen the North acquiesced in the proportion, it virtuallyadopted a new Constitution; and as we havehad one Constitution made after another, each, perhaps,more ample in its concession to slavery, incertain direction, that the other, but certainly neithercarrying any obligation which is dependent on theoriginal compost. New, if any body does notchose to acceded to say of the new terms, of coursehe is not bound to obey the new Constitutional. WhenLouisiana was admitted to the Union, the North acquiesced,and a new Constitution was made, Thatlasted until Missouri asked admission. There wasnothing in the original Constitution that contemplatedthe admission of territory west of the Misapplies. Thesingle fact that the Constitution did not confer thepower on any department of the government to admitnow territory is sufficient evidence that such admissionwas not in the contemplating of the people;and who will tell me that the people gave the powerto do that which they never contemplated doing, andgave it without assigning any repository that shouldreceive it? Who could acquire new territory?  Notthe Executive, not the Judiciary, not the Legislative—not all together. There was no place where thatpower was put, and therefore we may resemble in forthat the people never mount to give the powerand it never was conferred. Well, we here a newConstitution tendered to us in the proposal to takeMissouri into the Union; the North, after some contest,yield the point, and the new Constitution is ratified;and we have at least the third Constitutionsince the old Articles of Confederation were adoptedThen comes the attempt (overlooking all the outragesof the Slave Power in the mean time) to bringTexas into the Union—an attempt which it was thanbelieved would have signally failed if it had beenpursued in a constitutional way, and therefore it wascommuted in a glaringly unconstitutional way:the North aquisasced, and we had our fourth Constitutionmade fro us. Now, if the South may go on tendering to us nowConstitutions, have for the cake of getting Louisiana,there to acquire Texas, yonder to crowed slaveryinto Kansas, in defense of the these passives Constitutions,pray may us not also make our tender ofterms of a new compact? The South has made anew Constitution just as often as it has suited her owninterests. Let us take that president, and say to theSouth, 'We have the offer of a new Constitution tomake to you. It shall provide that whenever a manshall act his fact upon the sail of a State where slaveryis not sanctioned by the local law, he shall be afree man; there shall be no chase after him, thereshall be no dragging him back from thence; he shallbe protected in his rights like any other inhabitant.' ifthe South chooses to acquires, there is no harm done.We have a right to procure other terms than these ofthe compost. You bargain to build me a house, withcertain specifications, for a certain man of money.You begin your work, get tired of your bargain, andcome to me with proposed changes of the specification.I acquiesce.  You are no longer bound by theterms of the first bargain, neither am I, and I have aright to say that the pries shall be varied.  Massachusettshas a right to take this ground, that themshall be no slave existing on her soil; and if that iscountry to the forth, fifth, tenth or twelfth Constitutionwhich has been made by claims on one sideand acquiescence in on the other, all I have to say is,'yes may take your choose, asset the terms we propose,or refuse to accept them, and then we will nolonger hold you to the terms of the old bargain, butwill just stand aloof from all complicity with thewickedness you practice.' Have we not the right todo this; and if we reason to believe that theSouth will acquiesce, what is there for the politicianto be afraid of, or the office-seeker to tremble at?But if we have reason to believe that the South willnot acquiesce, what then? Why, then we meet, distinctlyset before us, this alternative: either to continuein the union, on condition of participating in theatrocious crime of slaveholding and slavery-abetting,or shun the crime by withdrawing from the Union.(Loud applause.)  Now, I want to know who is ready to meet that alternativein any other way than that which we propose?The excuse which men make continually is,that there is no need of participating in slavery becausewe remain in the Union. One man says, 'I don'tleave the Union, because the Constitution is anti-slavery';another says, 'I don't leave the Union, because Idon't feel under any obligation to obey the Unitedstates pro-slavery Constitution where it requires meto do wrong, and therefore I may stay in the Union,and not stain my soul with the blood of the slave.' Ifthis is true, then the argument against the measurewhich we propose falls to the ground; if it is not true,then the assumption is a lie upon the face of it; andwe have it to those who cling to the union to selectwhich horn of the dilemma they will hang themselvesupon, during the present session of the Legislature.There is no escaping from one or the other of them. I have yet one word more to say, which I thinkworth saying, notwithstanding the length of time Ihave occupied already. I go to the people of Massachusetts,and I ask them, one by one, if you please, inthe confidence of social communion by the fireside,'What do you think of catching runaway slaves?''Think of it! It is abominable. No man shall betaken from my house.' So says one. Says another,'I will help him to the at most of my ability. I nevermean to permit the recapture of a fugitive, if I canhelp it.' Among the Berkshire hills, in the Hampshirevalley, along the banks of the Connecticut, inthe heart of the Commonwealth, down here upon theshores of Easex and Plymouth and Barnstable, whereverI go, they tell me, 'We don't mean to permit aslave to be taken away from our soil again. They gotaway Anthony Burma, because they had the neighborhoodof the Navy Yard, and the cannon and bayonetsof the United States marines to help them; butthese will not aid them any where else. Let them getaway from the convenient vicinage of CharlestownNavy Yard, and they will try in vain to take any manfrom the soil of Massachusetts.' Now, I am not inquiringwhether that proud boast will be verified inthe day of trial; that is not essential to the argument;all I have to say is, that in these declarations,we learn the settled purpose of the people of Massachusettsnot to permit the capture of runaway slaves.They do not mean to do it, let the Constitution bewhat it may. Let Judge Taney or Judge Shaw saywhat he pleases, let Benj. F. Hallett and his brotherCommissioners do whatever dirty work they find congenialto their souls, and let Benj. R. Curtis, withwhatever congeniality there is in him, ratify the work,the people of Massachusetts do not mean to let theslave be taken back to bondage. (Loud cheers.) This, of itself, is a distinct, and, as it seems to me,potent argument; one strong link in the chain bywhich I would bind your consciences and your heartsto the deed I ask of you this day. If, I say, the peopleof Massachusetts, from the hills of Berkshire to thesands of Cape Cod, from the borders of the GreenMountain State to the line of the Connecticut, do notmean to send back the runaway slave, or permit himto be sent back,—if they mean to shelter him, to feedhim, to hide him, and spaced him on his way to Canada,if he cannot be safe here—in other words, if theymean to violate what they acknowledgement to be a provisionof the Constitution,—if they mean to transgresswhat they understand to be the requirements of thestatuts,—if they mean to tread under foot the precedentsof the Supreme Court, and of the inferior Courts,then what tight have they to lie to the South, andto lie to the world, even though that lie should coverten pages of the statute-book with a Vail of circumlocutionsthat darken counsel by words withoutknowledge? (Cheers.) what right have they tosay they will do the thing somehow, which they do notmean to do anyhow?—that the only difficulty thereis, is about the mods, when in the heart of them theyknow the difficulty is about the thing? Why not behonest, manly? Why not be frank and open? Whynot speak out to the world what they cherish in theirown hearts? Is it not time to verify the declarationof Scripture, 'that what is spoken in the car, shall beproclaimed from the house-top'? Is it not time forus to get hold here of the two Massachusetts extremitiesof the Underground Railroad, and lift it up intodaylight? (Loud applause.) Nay, is it not time to goyet a little further than that, and break the connectionbetween the Underground Railroad of Massachusettsand that of Vermont or New Hampshire, and establishhere the terminus, right under the shadow ofyour State House? (Enthusiastic cheering.) Let thatgranite obelisk yonder upon Bunker Hill be theboundary that says, 'Hitherto, but no further!'Nay, rather, only to him who comes along the oceantrack let this be the terminus, but just as soon as theland traveler crosses the line of Connecticut, and theair of Massachusetts breathes into the open windowsof the car, let it be understood the journey is ended.(Renewed applause.) somehow anyhow mods thing Is not that the true response to he demands of theSlave Power for larger concessions to slavery, when,with Chief Justice Taney for her mouthpiece, she asksyou to permit her to carry—no, not asks you to permither, but insolently demands that you accede toher claim—a claim not included in the terms of theConstitution—to carry her slaves all over the FreeStates,—to Bunker Hill and Faneuil Hall, to everyplace consecrated by the blood of freemen, and sacredto the memories of the past—demands the right of carryingslaves wherever she will, and of holding themas property wherever they are borne—is not this thetrue response: 'No man shall be recognized as propertyon the soil of Massachusetts; no man shall betaken as property from the soil of Massachusetts!'The people mean it, the people desire it, the peoplehave deliberately purposed it in their heart of hearts,and why should they not say so? That is the avowalof each of the parties, and of all, speaking collectively?Last the voice of the Commonwealth, expressedthrough so many organs of speech, should fail toreach the ears of the farthest South, why not utter itin one grand organ blast through the trump of yourLegislature? Carolina, Florida, Taxes, can hearthat, for they tremble sometimes at even its faintestwhisperings. But the argument is not complete by this statementof it; and so I go back to the starting-point bythe next statement which I make. I ask all thesepeople of Massachusetts who tell me that they do notmean to give up a runaway slave, 'What, do you daredisobey a law of the land?' You are 'a law-abidingpeople.' I have learned that from your earliest history.It is in the very bones and blood of your Anglo-Saxonrace to be 'a law-abiding people.' A Saxonman is only a section of a circle, a fraction of an integer,and the recognition of the State is essential tohis completeness, and he acknowledge its authorityaccordingly. He is 'a law-abiding' man. But, somehow,you have come into a position here which revealsanother side of that Saxon character. You are practicallycontemning the law; doing it secretly, if youwill, not because you are ashamed to do it openly, butbecause only so can you do it effectively; you any thatyou do not go about this work of charity and mercyand humanity and justice, in the manner one wouldgo about robbing hen-roosts and stealing sheep, becauseyou think there is any thing germane in suchtransactions, but because so early can you make thebenefit effectual that you dusks to confer. Verygood; them comas my question—Law-abiding as youare,—constitutionally, traditionally, educationally,habitually law-abiding as you are, why do you nowbreak a way from the ties which constitution and traditionand education and habit have imposed upon you,and tread the law under your fest, break away from theconstitutional requirements, and give liberty to himwhom law and constitution have banded as a chatteland property? There is but just one answer you canmake; there is but just one answer which measuresitself adequately with the terms of the question, andthat is—Conscience—God! you know it as well asI.'God and Conscience will not let us do otherwise.we are not law-abiding, because we are law-abiding.We are not abiding by the lower law, because we arecognizant of the higher.' (Applause.) There, then, I have you, where I began. I beganby showing you that compact is r., I binding byreason of its immorality; I conclude by showing youthat you fool it not to be binding by reason of yourconsciousness of its immorality. 
