 Extract from the Declaration of Principles, drawnup by WILLIAM GOODELL, and adapted by the RhodeIsland Anti-Slavery Convention in 1826:— ILLIAM OODELL We cannot consent to offer the slave master a compensation.We know of nothing that be has done,or is desired to do, which should entitle him to any.It cannot be for having used his neighbor's serviceswithout wages—it cannot be for any of the thingsembodied in the slave code, or revealed in its practicaloperation—it cannot be for the protection affordedthe slave by the slave laws—it cannot be for havingforbidden the slave to learn to read the Bible—itcannot be for having separated wives from their husbandsand infants from their mothers—it cannot befor any or for all these things that the slave masteris entitled to a compensation. Nor can it be forceasing to do these things, in the case of emancipation.Men should never be hired to abandon suchdisgraceful practices, nor will men of true Christianhonor receive such a compensation. Besides, slaveholding is either a profitable practice,or otherwise. If it is profitable, then theprofits of the slave's own labor must have paid themaster long ago, for the original purchase money,even if he were entitled to be refunded for it. TheGreeks and Romans, like the modern Spaniards, alwaysallowed the slave to go fine as soon as he hadpaid for himself his purchase value. If slaveholdingbe profitable, then surely two centuries of servicemust have sufficed for the compensation due theslaveholder, even upon the admission of his claim.But if slaveholding be not profitable—if the keepingis worth as much as the labor—then the propertyin the slave is merely nominal, and of no real value!The master can suffer no less in giving up suchproperty! How much should he paid to a man forthe damages done him in taking away a horse,which could earn no more than his keeping? Wesee no foundation, then, for the compensation of themaster in this case, If he loses, it is not by emancipation,but by the unprofitable purchase, in thefirst place. Let him be entreated to make a betterinvestment, in future. Again:— Emancipation destroys no property—it breaks nohence—it unstrings no muscles; the slave can earnas much money after emancipation as he ever could.There is no property destroyed. And if it be takenfrom the wrong claimant, and given to the rightowner, there can be no compensation due to thewrong claimant, on account of the transfer. On theother hand, the slave is 'entitled to compensation'for his unrequited labor. This was required to bedone, under the law of Moses, by which the servantwas directed to be set free at the Jubilee, with a'compensation' from his master. Further:—The history of former experiments supplyproves that, by emancipating their slaves, andpaying them fair wages, the masters gain money, insteadof losing it. They save the immense expenseof driven and overseers, iron collars, whips, chains,and thumbscrews! Slave labor is wasteful and unprofitablein the long ran, and the Southern Stateswould be enriched, not impoverished, by emancipation. Above all, we cannot offer the master a compensationfor the slave, because it contradicts the fundamentaprinciple, that man cannot hold propertyin man. The moment a compensation is offered tothe master, the hold upon his conscience is relinquished.The right of property is admitted, andthere is no room for charging him with the sin ofholding it. In the language of a slaveholder—'IfGovernment could purchase, it might hold slaves;if they could buy, they might sell. It would bedoing evil that good might come, and turning slave-holderto do away with slaveholding. If all the slavesshould be bought up and set free, without destroyingthe principle of slavery, the master mightpocket the compensation money, and use it to purchasemore slaves from abroad. The rejection of compensation, as a principle ofemancipation, we hold essential to the integrity andsuccess of the Anti-Slavery cause, and equally so tothe preservation of correct Christian principles anduniversal freedom. Yet an appropriation for therelief of actual distress, whenever it might occur,would not be a compensation. Neither is an equaldivision of losses among partners in wickedness a'compensation.' If pecuniary sacrifices should bemade by emancipation, and if all the partners in theguilt of slavery should equally apportion the sacrifice,it might be done without involving the principleof compensation. We can never consent to paymen for having sinned, nor offer them money toleave off sinning. The world is not to be regeneratedin this way; nor have the graces of Christianpenitence and amendment, from the days of Simon,Magus to the present hour, been purchased with,gold and silver. 
