 The soi-disant 'friends of freedom,' as our readersare aware, had a gathering at Abington on the1st inst., to celebrate the anniversary of negroemancipation in the British West Indies. The commemorationwas under the auspices of the MassachusettsAnti-Slavery Society, and differed in no respectfrom the ordinary musters of the mad menand mad woman who compose this band of agitatorsIt matters little what the occasion of these assemblagesmay be; the themes of harangue are everthe same. With a harp of a single string, they producea thousand strains. We have already noticed,but very generally, the proceedings at this meeting.The LIBERATOR furnishes us, at cathedra, with a fullaccount, some points of which, we think, may beof interest to our readers. soi-disant IBERATOR at cathedra Much as the clergy is despised, professedly, inthat quarter, we observe that the chief speakers atthe commemoration were clergymen, and that clergymenwere equally the subjects of their idolatryand abuse. The Rev. Mr. May presided, the ReverendMessrs. Foss and J, F. Clarks made the principalspeeches, The Reverend Mr. Alger's name wasgreeted with general cheering, and the vilest abuseheaped upon the Reverend Den Adams, and Lord,and Hopkins, was received with laughter and applause.A Miss Gardner, of Nantucket, opened thedeclamatory exercises by a repetition, in sweet, prettywords, of the stale denunciations of 'that bloodstained compact, misnamed the American Union.'Rev. Mr. Foes madeUnion. There was nothing so sacred, he said, withapplause, 'that he would not lift his hand againstit, if it favored slavery.' The Union he regardedonly as a compact for sustaining slavery. He was fordissolving it; and he told his Republican friends,that they ought to be ashamed of themselves for sovile sad wicked a work as that of supporting theUnion. He thought slavery would be abolished bybloodshed, unless the Union were dissolved; and headvised slaves to take their liberty, forcibly if theymust.  Rev. James Freeman Clarke made a speech whichwe read with great regret. We should at leasthave hoped better things of him. He did not avowhimself a disunionist, in terms, but he said he didnot care whether a man was opposed to disunion ornot. If any one thought disunion was necessary toabolish slavery, he was willing to work with him.He was very glad to have the idolatrous love of theUnion exposed and overthrown. He was glad therewere people who thought the right thing to be donewas to denounce the Union—let them go on! Therewas an idolatrous love of the Union which ought tobe put down. But Mr. Clarke's speech was inanother respect more offensive to good taste, if notmore ill-judged, than this. He said there werethings which differ in the Church as well as in theState. There were different things which went bythe name of church, Christianity, religion. If hethought Christianity favored or defended slavery,he should relinquish it at once. To illustrate thetwo kinds of piety, be told a silly, and worse thansilly, story about a man who 'got religion,' andwas baptized into the Baptist church, but the betrayedsome symptoms of dishonesty afterwards, and itwas said of him, that when he was dipped, thecrown of his head did not go under, and so the devilgot hold of him, and played the mischief with himever afterwards. He was not well dipped. The applicationof the story was, that Dr. Adams, Dr.Lord, and Bishop Hopkins, who wrote books 'toshow that slavery is a good thing,' were not well dipped,and were therefore the devil's men, though theywere reputed to be eminently pious men. The storywas silly, because it was witless and irrelevant; andworse than silly, because it was designed to holdup religion, or the profession of it, to ridicule andcontempt. The application of it was unjust andunmannerly, and a wide departure from that spiritof kindness by which we hope Mr. Clarke is ordinarilyactuated. Mr. Foes inquired of Mr. Clarkewhether, if he did not preach dissolution, he didnot preach a non-compliance with the pro-slaverycompacts on which the Union rests? Mr. Clarkereplied that he did. That is to say, he preachedrebellion, if he did not preeir dissolution. Whereupon Mr. Foes said that Mr. Clarke was a Garrisonian,without knowing it. He would remove thevery foundations on which the Union rests, andthat was all the Garrisonians proposed to do. Mr.May reminded the audience that the Fourth of July,which had so long been prostituted to shameful usesthroughout this mis-called republic, had at lastbeen well used by the Rev. Mr. Alger. That gentlemanhad delivered a very admirable, faithful, andpowerful oration before the city authorities of Boston.He did not hesitate to say this, 'although hehad not yet read a line of it!' But this he knew,that Mr. Alger had denounced the introduction ofMr. Mason as an act of complimentary flunkeyism.'Complimentary flunkeyism! That was the oration—a volume condensed in two words.'  hehad not yet read a line of it! We have sometimes thought it unwise to aid thepurposes of these men and women, by repeatingtheir extravagances and disseminating their treasonabledoctrines. The curiosity of the public, andthe immediate profit of gratifying the morbid populartaste for novelties and prodigies, of whatever sort,have given to these violent men, few in number asthey are, and despised as they professedly are, thefullest advantages of the public press. No sayingshave been more amply reported than theirs; and ifit has been evil and dangerous to utter their seditiousand malignant speeches, it has been a question withus, whether the newspaper press were not extensivelyliable to the charge of participating in theguilt. We are inclined to think, on the whole, that theevil in this case is not one which can either be silencedby contempt or corrected by concealment,and that the duty of the newspaper press is to exposeit, and apply an antidote. The general impressionis, that radical Abolitionism has made littleor no progress among us for the last twenty years.We see upon toe stage the same men and the samewomen, year after year, uttering the same wildvagaries and the same rebellious theories; and if itwere not for some favoring 'crisis,' with whichthey always seem to be blessed—some 7th of Marchspeech; some south side view of slavery; someassault upon free speech in the Senate; some Dredjudicial decision; it would seem that this whole excitementmust soon be quenched by the dull monotonyof railing at Church and State. But it isthese 'crises,' so artfully employed to fan the flamesof agitation, that do the work. They graduallyinsinuate error into the public mind; they strike achord of popular sympathy; and they bring together,for concert of influence and of action, two ofthe most dangerous classes of men—the professionalphilanthropists and the professional politicians.The cry of dissolution of the Union has been chimedso long and so load by the 'liberty balls' of theMelodeon, that it has became a familiar, if not agrateful sound to the itching cars of politicians.The 'party of freedom' is led by the ignis fatuusto the very verge of rebellion; and grave senators,sworn to support the Constitution, concoct theirphilippics against the 'slave power,' with the concurrenceof those who publicly and habitually gloryin trampling the Constitution under foot. Our beliefis that radical, destructive Abolitionism is makingprogress; but that this progress, far from beingin the direction of emancipation or amelioration ofslavery, is towards disunion and political anarchy.Its progress is by speciously insinuating its errors intothe minds of unreflecting community, and by itsskilful and constant goading of thorn politicianswho found all their hopes upon cheating the sympathiesof the public. If this be true, it is worthour while to note the details of this progress, anddo what may be done to arrest its further advances. ignis fatuus 
