 RICHMOND, Va., July, 1857. ICHMOND MR. EDITOR—In my last, I stated some reasonswhy Christian men here regard with suspicion eveningsaid or done at the North about slavery.—is they read the history of this agitation for thelast thirty years, they see that it has steadily proposedto one result—the dissolution of our unionof States, in order to abolish slavery. R. DITOR All Anti-Slavery Agitation Hastening to one Result.In this opinion, the Southern mind is dailymore united. It sees that even the more conservativeanti-slavery feeling of the North is fast growinginto sympathy with the ultra and infidel school ofGarrison—that the evangelical pulpit of the Northis becoming auxiliary to the godless Philosophy, theinhuman Philanthropy, of that school. I do notsuppose that the evangelical anti-slavery ministersof the North will now admit this, or that even thelion in the pulpit of the Church of the Puritans, onUnion Square, will admit what is so evident to others.Yet it is reported that he said, in one of hisDred Scott discourses, 'that to talk, as some mendid, about God, in his providence, bringing negroeshere, that they might be converted and elevated toaid in the evangelization and civilization of Africa,was enough to make the Devil vomit.' When hasinfidelity, or atheism, uttered more bitter scoffing atthe providence of God? Is it any breach of charityto say of a minister of the gospel, who allows himselfto speak thus, when ministering in the nameand in the place of the Lord Jesus Christ, that henever was tamed, nor can any man tame him? Hasthe Garrison school ever uttered anything more irreverent,if not blasphemous and infidel? more deto the providence of God, or to the nameand offices of a Christian minister? All Anti-Slavery Agitation Hastening to one Result. now tamed man him  If I remember correctly, it was reported in one ormore of your city papers, that the occupant of oneof your prominent Orthodox pulpits declared to athronged and excited audience lately, that the sellingof religious negroes at auction was bringingGod and the Holy Ghost to the block. Can youveder that sober men here believe that the anti-slaveryChristianity of the North is running into arampant infidelity, and breaking down the power ofThe Bible on the masses, and demoralizing theirsentence? I do not suppose these men will admitthat they are now, Jehu-like, driving an infidelchariot; but so sure as reason and reverence forGod's word and providence will, ere long, resumedominion in the human mind, will they look at thisgreat problem of slavery with another and higherand point than they now do, and with a clearervision of God's plan for governing, in order to reand elevate a depraved race. order  So long as their anti-slavery zeal expresses itselfin a temper so unchristian, in language so vituperativeand irreverent of God and his providence, inmeasures so violent, what sensible, sober man, Northor South, can fail to see that all this tends to thesame result—the dissolution of this Union, as inevitablyas the holder and more direct efforts of theGarrison school in their warfare on the Constitution? With either, the inhuman result—eminently inhumanto the colored race—is only a question oftime. Can the most judicious men here be suspectedtheir Christianity or their patriotism, or humanregard for the colored men under their care,because they are suspicious of or object to anythingpublished or done at the North, with the consent orapproval of such men, however loudly they boast ofthe superiority of our Northern Christianity, moraland humanity? Nor is this infidel tendency andsectional result, and the bitter fruits they have alwaysdeveloped, the only ground of the suspicionand alientation felt here. Incredulity of the North respecting the True Conditionof the Slaves. The incredulity of these anti-slaverymen is shown by their unworthy distrust ofstatements respecting the actual working of slaveryupon the moral and religious character of the coloredpeople as a whole—and of their humane treatment—statements by one on the spot, going fromthe North with the usual ignorance and prejudicesof a Northern man, respecting slavery—a man everyway as competent to take as comprehensive and intelligentChristian view of the present and prospectiveresults of the system on the colored race—to estimatefacts as candidly, and report as honestly, asany other man, North or South—a man whose testimonyon any other subject, no man in Bostonwould question—a man whose writings on othersubjects are received as candid and truthful and worthyof confidence—received as such by scholars, andby his brethren in this country and in England, andas an honor to the Christian literature of the age—a man of whom one of the first Christian scholars ofEngland, writing to a friend in this country onreading his discourse, says, 'with his fine imaginationand his faultless style, he is the Washington Irvingof sermon writers. Incredulity of the North respecting the True Conditionof the Slaves. incredulity colored race any other subject A distinguished Christian scholar of the Northare said that to write the 'South-Side View,' wasworth living a life for. This is the judgment of aman who, though born in Virginia, was educatedand has lived from early youth in the North, andhas been for fifty years intimately acquainted withthe practical working of the system, and is one ofthe last men to express a hasty and ill-consideredopinion on any subject. His opinion, with all candidmen who know him, we are willing to place inthe scales with the hasty, heated opinion of a thousandNorthern men, who have never resided in theSouth, and whose information is limited to novels,and to instances of individual violence and wrong,exaggrated to influence the North, and so greedilyswallowed as a demonstration of the tyranny andoppression of all slaveholders. Men here, of thehighest character for intelligence and candor, in theministry, in the Church and out of it—men of longexperience, large observation and wise philanthropy,and who are believers on all subjects of which theyare informed, and whose word would be taken unhesitatinglyin any Court, or in any business transaction,secure me that Dr. N. Adams's South-SideView of Slavery is a fair, candid and honest statementof facts respecting the good and the evil convertedwith the system. To this testimony I cheerfullyadd my own. More than thirty years since,my business called me to reside in South Carolina,and in the most extensively cotton-producing district.I have had occasion to travel in that Statesince, and also in Virginia, East or West. Withall my insurmountable objections to the continuanceof the system a moment longer than the true welfarenot of one individual slave, but of the coloredrace in this country, requires, and Divine Providenceopens the way to place them in a positionmore favorable for this, I must say that the statementsand views contained in that book correspondwith what I observed and learned while in the midstof slavery. Who that has read that book does notknow that it contains facts and opinions directlyopposed to the system and condemnatory of thewrongs and abuses incident to the system, as well asto all despotic power? This is admitted by Christianmasters, and acknowledged to be so because theabuses and wrongs are stated with a kind and candidspirit and in decorous language. but of the coloredrace There are, to my knowledge, many masters in theSouth, whose consciences have been quickened bythis book to correct these abuses, and who will testifythat that much maligned book and its author'svisit have done more towards reforming these abusesand wrongs than all the anti-slavery books and novelsever written at the North. Now, when menhere see a Northern gentleman who has the courage,honesty and magnanimity to state the results of hisown careful observation and inquiry, in the kindand Christian spirit of his book, pursued with sucha malignant and bitter spirit as Dr. Adams hasbeen, and this too by some of his own brethren, inthe ministry, and as I am told by some who had noteven read his book, who can be surprised at thesuspicions of the South? or what reasonable manwould expect that Southern brethren should yieldtheir own better knowledge and equally, at least,correct judgment and conscience to the dictation oftheir Northern brethren, as to the best manner ofdealing with this great problem of American slavery,especially when they treat a Christian brother withso much heat and passion for having simply expressedhis own honest opinions on the subject? I have been asked to explain this treatment of Dr.Adams by Christian ministers. Why do they pursuehim with such bitter hate? Why seek to drivehim from the Publishing Committee of the AmericanTract Society? They say to me, that Society is national; it belongsas much to the South as to the North; fromthe beginning, the South united cordially with it,merged their own Tract Societies in it, and havesteadily contributed to its funds; that the Southhas not and cannot have (being so remote) a residentmember on that Committee; but Dr. Adamsis a man who understands the South and slavery asit is, and has dealt fairly with the subject, and is aman in whom we have confidence. Does not Christiancandor and charity demand some deference tothe feelings of Southern Christians, in a Societywhose fundamental principle is union and harmonyin essential truths, and liberty and diversity in unessential? national union and harmony essential liberty and diversity unessential A False Issue. The only defence I could makewas, the assertion of Dr. Adams's opponents, thathe does not represent the public sentiment of theNorth on the subject of slavery. I assured themthat it was evident, from his book, that he wasanti-slavery in principle—opposed to its continuancea day longer than its removal would be a blessingto the colored race, and was opposed to its extensionanywhere—but that he was not anti-slaveryin the spirit and measures of his opponents for itsremoval. As to his not representing the sentimentof the North, or of the members of the Society onslavery, they earnestly objected to this as the testby which to determine his fitness to act on thatCommittee. This, they say, is raising an outsideissue, foreign to the spirit and object of the Society.Besides, where is the evidence that Dr. Adams doesnot represent the sentiments of the majority of theTract Society? A False Issue. principle The True Test of his Qualification. They insistthat the only valid question is—does Dr. Adamsrepresent, in his own spirit, character and sentiments,the evangelical character and catholic spiritand object of the Society, as expressed in its Constitution?The Constitution being the law to the Committeein acting for the Society, as well as to itsmembers in electing its officers, they insist, is theonly proper standard by which to judge of his qualificationsto serve on the Committee. They strenuouslyobject to making his sympathy with any sentimentprevailing at any time, on any outside questionof reforms, any more than his political preferences,when politics are so mixed with these reforms,or his views on infant baptism or predestination.These reforms, as such, they urge, are notembraced, or implied, in the object, scope or spiritof the Society, and, besides, sentiment or opinion inregard to them is ever changing, and never longstable. The True Test of his Qualification. evangelical character and catholic spiritand law Then again, they say, if the objection of his opponentsis the true test, how can they tolerate himany longer as a member of the Prudential Committeeof the American Board of Foreign Missions, whodecide on all the Board publishes or does? Logically,how can they stop short of driving him fromthat Committee, from the pulpit of Essex StreetChurch, from his ministerial association, and fromthe society of Christian gentlemen? For if he is notfit to be on the Tract Committee, much less is hefit to fill a so much more responsible position. Mustnot that be a very illogical logic that stops short ofthis result? The Grand issue Changed. In the treatmentwhich Dr. Adams and his book receives from hisNorthern brethren, it is plain enough to us, thatthey have changed the issue on slavery from that ofthe bondage of the colored man in the South, tothat of the freedom of the white man of the North! The Grand issue Changed. freedom How is it, that those who, while they claim to bechampions, par excellence, of freedom, cannot toleratefreedom of opinion, and a kind and candidstatement of facts, on the testimony of an eye-witness,merely because they oppose their theories andprejudices. Has not passion and ignorance vitiatedyour Northern logic and your Christian charity? Imust confess that I felt the reasonableness andforce of these views, and as yet I do not see howthey can be evaded. par excellence opinion In my next, I will give you what I have learnedof the effects, on good men here, of the late actionof the Tract Society, in accepting the report of theCommittee of Inquiry. O.C. 
