 R. 'Are you honest, Cudje?'C. 'What you give me, Massa?' A National Convention of the advocates of CompensatedEmancipation—that it, of the abolition ofSlavery throughout our Union, on the basis ofcharging the cost of such Emancipation on thePeople of both the Free and Slave States—is calledto meet in Cleveland, Ohio, on the 25th of August: The undersigned, belonging to different politicalparties, bring persuaded that it is very desirable thatsome practible and equitable plan should be broughtforward, by which the people of the North may cooperate,in a generous and brotherly spirit, with thepeople of the South, and share with them the expensenecessary to the extinction of slavery, would respectfullyand earnestly invite those of all parties and sectionsof the Union who entertain the same opinion, tomeet in National Convention, personally or by delegation,in the city of Cleveland, Ohio, on the 25th, 26thand 27th of August next; there to discuss and developsome plan of emancipation which shall fully recognizethe principle and policy of a fair and honorablecompensation to the slaveholders for the manumissionof their slaves: Eliphalet Nott, Schenectady, N.Y.; Hark Hopkins,Williamstown, Mass.; George Bethune, Brooklyn,N.Y.; Leonard Bacon, New Haven, Ct.; DudleyA. Tyng. Philadelphia, Pa.; Abel Stevens, NewYork, N.Y.; Joseph Brooks, St Louis, Mo.;Thomas C. Upham, Brunswick. Me.; Gerrit Smith,Peterboro, N.Y.; George P. Magoun, Davenport,Ga.; Joel Hawes, Hartford, Ct.; Theodore North,Elmirs, N.Y.; J.B. Bittinger, Cleveland, Ohio;Augustus W. Smith, Middletown, Ct.; John F.Eberhart, Dixon, Ill.; Elijah Coffin, Richmond,Ind.; Timothy Cooley, Granviller Mass.; NicholasPatterson, Wilmington, Del; Erectus Fairbanks,St. Johnsbury, Vt.; William W. Ellsworth, Hartford,Ct.; and others. [As no society has yet been organized in connectionwith this movement those desiring any additional informationin reference to the Convention, may addresstheir communications to Elihu Burritt, New Britain,Conn., up to the 20th August.] In subordination to the above, we notice that ameeting to choose delegates was recently held atSchenectady, and that Dr. Nott. Platt Potter, andother respected and influential citizens, united inthe call. We infer that the general call given abovewill soon appear with a long and strong list of signaturesappended.' Elihu Burritt, who is the mainspringof this movement, is an earnest, indefatigableworker, with great experience in philanthropicagitation, and a perfect knowledge of the meanswhereby public co-operation is secured. We understandthat over a hundred signatures have been obtainedin the State of Delaware alone. We rejoice that this Convention is to be held, andtrust it may be numerously attended. Let Slavery,like any other great social wrong, be discussed inevery practicable light, and every possible nodeand measure of redress be thoroughly considered.We will not say that some measure of Nationalcompensation to slaveholders may not ultimately,and wisely, be adopted. Certainly, if the slaveholdingclass were this day to make the offer—'Giveus the Public Lands, and we will abolish Slavery;'or, 'Give as Twenty Millions-per annum for fiftyyears from the Federal Treasury, and we will abolishSlavery to-morrow,' we should he inclined to answer,'Take the Lands, or take the money, and letour country be a Republic in deed as well as inname; 'but, in the absence of any such proffer, wedemur to the wisdom and policy of an offer fromour side, as we do to the justice of the proposedcompensating system, for the following reasons: I. It seems to ignore the essential error andwrong, the injustice and mischief, of slaveholding.It tends to confirm the slaveholders in the error sedulouslyinculcated by the Pro-Slavery journals,that Slavery, whatever moral objections may beurged to it, secures great industrial, pecuniary andsocial advantages to the slaveholding class, as individuals,and generally. These are the elemental fallacieswhereby Slavery is this day upheld, and wefear and dread to strengthen them. Overwhelm aPro-Slavery man with facts and arguments showingthe necessary injustice and immorality of the slaveholdingsystem, and he turns upon you with thequestion, 'Without Slavery, how shall, the worldhe supplied with Cotton, Sugar, Coffee and Tobacco?'Now we meet this question directly, by showingthat Slavery cripples and blights the productivecapacity of any region it rules, as is clearly evincedby the sparse population and low price of lands in:Slave as compared with Free States. We do not, ofcourse, maintain that the identical individuals nowgrowing Sugar and Cotton would produce more ofthose staples in Freedom than they do in Slavery,any more than the convicts in our State Prisonswould make more boots, shoes, files, &c., at liberty,than they do at present; but it is overwhelminglydemonstrable that a free-labor community, otherthings being equal, produces more improves more,enjoys more, than one whose labor is mainly extortedfrom slaves. We can prove beyond question thatVirginia, or any other Slave State, would be richer,stronger, more populous, more progressive, tenyears hence, or fifty years, if she were to abolishslavery to-morrow, than if she should retain it;but if New York were to offer Virginia Fifty Millionsof Dollars to induce her to give up Slavery,how naturally and plausibly the Slave Press wouldsay, 'They would not seek to bribe us to give upour slaves, unless they felt that Slavery gave us anadvantage over them!' We know this would befallacious; but it would be a very plausible fallacy,and would aid to close the eyes and harden thehearts of the slaveholders. II. In all discussions of grave character and moment,it is well to keep the moral element in theforeground. If Slavery be essentially right, it shouldbe left undisturbed; if wrong, those who have powerto abolish it cannot do so a moment too soon.—'Seek first the kingdom of God and His righteousness,and all these things shall be added unto you,'is the Divine rule for all cases involving considerationsof right and wrong. If Jonah, in preachingthe destruction of Nineveh for her abounding wickedness,had added, 'And I am authorized to offerten dollars per head for every one of you who repentsforthwith,' we don't believe he would have preachedto such purpose as he did. A good many sinnerswould have stopped to higgle for fifteen dollars—oreven twenty perhaps—till the season for repentancehad passed. first III. The compromising plan ignores the fact thatSlavery has always taxed the Free States, and in taxingthem to-day. In Postage, in Public Defense, inthe subordination of our industrie commercial policyto the presumed interests of cotton-growing, infalse and degrading notions of the worth and dignityof Labor, leading our youth to seek by any andevery means to avoid a life of productive industry,we of the Free States are and long have been burdenedand damaged by the Slave system. And, ifSlavery were abolished to-morrow, the work of Nationaldeliverance from the evils it has wroughtwould be barely begun. The false notions of Laborit has generated and burnt into our National geniuswould require ages for their complete eradication.Then, the negroes, as long debased and brutalizedby the lash of the overseer, reared in dense ignorance,general unchastity and the notion that Laboris a badge of degradation and an unmitigated curse,would be, for generations, a heavy trial to us all.As we write, our eye rests on this passage from arecent letter of Col. J. Prince, a member of theCanadian Parliament, who, in reply to the resolvesof a meeting of the Blacks of Toronto, in which hewas accused of having unjustly denounced theirpeople, says: 'It has been my misfortune and the misfortune ofmy family to live among those Blacks (and they turnlived upon us) for twenty-four years. I have employedhundreds of them; and, with the exceptional ofone, named Richard Hunter, not one has done for usa week's honest labor. I have taken them into myservice, have fed and clothed them year after year ontheir arrival from the States; and in return have generallyfound them rogues, and thieves, and a graceless,worthless, thriftless, lying set of vagabonds. This ismy very plain and very simple description of the darkiesas a body, and it would be indorsed by all theWestern white men, with very few exceptions.' Of course, this is strongly put—we think morestrongly than the facts will warrant—and it willnot apply to those who seek to live by agricultureso fully as it will to those who crowd into cities likeToronto—but its basis of truth must be recognizedby the candid. We know honest, worthy, industriousnegroes; but the negroes of New York havemany points of resemblance to Col. Prince's descriptionof their Canada brethren. Colored people arefavorites here as servants, and, if qualified and diligent,can command better wages than whites; yetwe are confident that there are more Blacks to-dayin New York who seek to live by harlotry, sellingliquor, and other modes of pandering to other'svices, than by downright, useful labor. And thisdeplorable state of things proves, not that theBlacks are essentially worse than other people, butthat they have, as a race, been educated in the veryworst school to be found on this continent. Theroad from slavery of soul and body to true freedomis not merely a difficult, but a long one. Ages ofbetter treatment than the Blacks have ever yet received,either in New York or New England, willbe required to raise them to the platform of a truemanhood. They have many good elements—theyare docile and imitative—and, if they could onlybe treated humanely and considerately, they mightimprove much faster than they do; still, in view ofthe indignities constantly and wantonly heaped up-upthem, they are doing as well as could be expected.Those among them who are honest, thrifty, self-respecting,deserve far more credit than whites, evenin the humblest condition, who evince like qualities,since they have overcome far stronger influencestending toward debasement and knavery. Butemancipated slaves, or the children of such, are nota desirable class of neighbors or fellow-citizens;and the overthrow of Slavery in the South mustlargely increase the northward movement of Blacks.'Let justice be done, though the heavens fall;' letevery man be free, though we know that many will(as many do and always did) abuse their freedom;but we protest against the assumption involved inthe compensating plan that the burdens of Emancipationare to be borne by the South, while its benefitsendure to the North. We firmly believe that,while Emancipation, like any radical and pervadingchange in social or political relations, must involvemany individual hardships, and a temporary generaldisruption between Capital and Labor in slaveholdingcommunities, yet its good effects would be instantlyand beneficially felt throughout the South,in the influx of an intelligent and efficient LaboringClass, and the general appreciation of real property,while its burdens would be fairly shared by theNorth. Why, then, should the North pay the Southfor freeing its slaves?—New York Tribune. New York Tribune. 
