 'Beware of DOGS,' 'Tray, Blanche, and Sweetheart, all.' To the Editor of the Transcript: To the Editor of the Transcript: SIR,—It would be an endless task for Abolitioniststo undertake to contradict the numberless misrepresentationsconcerning their course, which are maliciouslycirculated in every part of the land; and,therefore, they seldom attempt any correction. But,sometimes, an accusation may be brought, of such anature, and under each circumstances, as to demanda prompt denial, in order that the libeller may be putto open shame, and the cause of the oppressed in ourland may receive no injury. IR The dog-ged perseverance of 'Sigma,' in renewingand reiterating the exploded libel against Mr. ParkerPillsbury, that, 'some years age, he performed, inpublic, the ceremony of baptizing three dogs, in thename of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost,' cells fora fresh protest against each flagrant injustice. Insupport of his foul charge, 'Sigma' quotes a lyingstatement which appeared in the Salem Register,made by an anonymous scribbler, and a most vindictiveenemy of the Anti-Slavery cease—to this effect,namely, that 'on a Sabbath afternoon, Mr. Pillsburywent through a muck ceremony of taking several dogsinto the church—that he questioned them as to theirdoctrinal opinion, and made them give replies satisfactoryto himself—that he propounded them—andfinally administered the ceremony of baptize in thefallowing words: "I baptize thee. Baas, in the nameof the Father," '&.; "I baptize then Tiger," &c.'—'the object of the performer being,' adds 'Sigma,' 'inconsonance with his opposition to the Sabbath, tobring the ordinance of baptism also into contempt'! dog Register tobring the ordinance of baptism also into contempt New, Mr. Editor, I aver that, of all willful perversionsof facts, this has not been surpassed since thetime when it was said of another notable disturber ofthe peace, 'He hath spoken blasphemy; what furtherneed have we of witnesses? behold, now ye haveheard his blasphemy.' I testify, 'as an eye and earwitness,' having been at the meeting alluded to, andheard every word attend by Mr. Pillsbury on thatoccasion. The facts are these: In the course of oneof the most impressive speeches to which I ever listened,Mr. Pillsbury referred to the awful indifferencewith which the horrible act of reducing millions ofimmortal beings to the level of brutes, and the conditionof property, was every whose regarded in theland; and he than proceeded to reverse the case byasking, what would be said of the clergymen whoshould bring sundry dogs into the broad aisle of hischurch on a communion Sunday, and, professing toregard them as rational and accountable beings, shouldread to them the creed, and than, affecting to considerthese as having given their assent to it, should proceedto baptize them in the name of Father, Son, andHoly Ghost? 'Would not a thrill of horror,' saidMr. Pillsbury, 'run through the community, in viewof such a blasphemous procedure? And yet, whichis the snare blasphemous act—to hurl down these whoare made a little fewer than the angels among four-footedbeasts, or to attempt to elevate dogs to the positionof men? Bu who thrills with indignation, orwho lays is to heart, that so many of our fellow-creaturesare thus dehumanized? White the canine fares,which has bean hypothetically imagined, would exciteuniversal disgust and horror, the terrible tragedywhich is going on at the South causes no sensation—elicits no rebuke!' what would be said Now, what could be more pertinent, more striking,or more effective than such on illustration? It certainlymade a powerful impression upon the audienceat the time, and helped to brighten their conceptionof the blasphemous nature of chattel slavery,' to intensifytheir abhorrence of it, and to quicken their soulfor its eternal overthrow. New contains must havebeen the spirit of the wreath, who, through the SalemRegister, caricatured all that was said and done onthe occasion, representing Mr. Pillsbury as havingactually brought a troop of dogs into the church, andbaptized them in mockery of religion! And how malignantmust be the man who will persist in quotingsuch a slanders as authority, and reiterating the infamousallegation! Register 'Sigma' says! 'We have, on our files, letterswritten at that poised, from gentlemen of Danvers, ofthe first respectability, confirming the statement, inall its minute particulars, (!!) upon the testimony ofeye and our witness. 'Now, Sir, I challenge theproduction of any one of these letters, or of any oneof these eye and our witness.' Against them, I willarray hundreds of unimpeachable persons, who heardwhat Mr. Pillsbury said, and who will readily testifythat he has been most shamefully belied. inall its minute particulars, (!!) Let 'Sigma' remember how it turned out in anothercase— 'The men recovered of the bite—The dog it was that died.' Yours, for the truth, WM LLOYD GARRISON. 14 Dix Place, Aug. 13, 1857. *In reply to this, Sigma brings forward the same old libellerin the Salem Register!! * 
