 The Independent of August 13th contains two veryremarkable and peculiar letters, from two Americanmissionaries, who are editorially designated as 'twoof the most able, devoted and successful missionariesin the East,' one 'in Western Asia,' and the other 'ina neighboring field.' Independent The first of these letters, written from one missionaryto the other, is dated May 5th, 1857. The secondletter, from the second missionary, and enclosing theletter of the first to some one in this country, is datedJane 1st, 1857. We are left in entire ignorance fromwhat particular places, and from what persons, andto what persons, these letters were sent. Why is thisreserve? Is it because both letters express a verystrong and heartfelt opposition to American slavery? The Independent wishes these strong expressions ofanti-slavery feeling to be heard and headed, and callsattention to them in the following introductory paragraphs:— Independent  'The Christina sentiment of the world, in everyform, is arrayed against the system of slavery whichexists in the United States. Bat perhaps no testimonyagainst that system is so strong and so impressiveas that which comes from American missionaries,who from their distant fields of labor lookback upon their native land. Their love fur theircountry would incline them to look charitably uponher faults, while their relations to the Christiancommunity dispose them always to speak with cautionupon home attain. They aye removed from allparty and sectional strife upon the subject of slavery,and therefore look upon that subject, not withthe excited feelings of controversialists, but withthe calmness of impartial observers. As a clam,missionaries live near to God, and some of them areeminent for holiness. They are accustomed to lookupon every institution, measure, or event, in itsbearing upon the kingdom of Christ, and thus theirfeelings become as sensitive to anything affectingthat kingdom as the barometer to changes of theatmosphere. The- churches in this land, therefore,ought to give special heed to the views and feelingsof missionaries on the subject of slavery. Theyare not "infidels," "radicals," or "fanatics." They Formerly, our missionaries looked upon slavery asan evil which they had left far behind them, andwith which they had no concern. Now, however,since communication has been so freely opened withall parts of the world, they find the shame and scandalof American slavery a positive hindrance to theirwork. Converted heathen are amused that slaveryexists in this Christian land, and opposition to theGospel among the unevangelized is strengthened bythis monstrous incongruity. The lamented Stoddardonce said, "We do not dare to let our convertsknow that slavery exists in America; for how couldwe reconcile it with oar professions as a Christiannation."' The language of the second of the letters referredto is so very peculiar and significant that I quote someof its first sentences:— 'June 1st, 1857. 'MY DEAR BROTHER,—The groanings of the missionaryover his retrograding country ought perhapssometimes to be heard. With this view, I send youthe enclosed letter from Mr.—to myself, whichyou are at liberty to publish just as it is forwarded,if you think proper. Names need not be given;for the sentiment of the letter probably representsthe feelings of most of oar missionaries in theseregions. It was of course not penned for the publiceye; but the spontaneous gushings of an achingheart, poured into the ear of a brother missionary,are at least as true an index of that heart as anymore formal expression could be.' Y EAR ROTHER Why is the strong protest against slavery, (whichis the prominent point in both the letters referred to)thus anonymously written sad published? Why doesthe missionary say that his complaints upon this subjectought perhaps sometimes to be heard? Whydoes he say, in giving permission to publish the letterof his anti-slavery associate—'Names need not begiven'? and why does he say, (as if it explained thepropriety of withholding the names of persons andplaces,) 'for the sentiment of the letter probably representsthe feelings of most of our missionaries inthese regions?' In short, why must the anti-slaverysentiments of American missionaries in foreign landsbe sent to this country stealthily, and published atsecond hand, with such precautions, instead of beingsent directly to the Board, and published, with theirother communications, in the Missionary Herald andthe Annual Reports? The purpose of this paper isto answer these inquiries, and to do this, it is necessityto look as far back as 1837, in the history of theBoard. perhaps sometimes for Missionary Herald In that year, several of the Sandwich Island missionariesbecame deeply impressed with a sense of theguilt of slavery, the danger incurred by their nativecountry in supporting such a wicked system, and theresponsibility of the church for its removal. I havenow before me copies of letters from three of thosepersons, one from Rev. Jonathan S. Green, dated atHonolulu, Oahu, in May, one from Rev. Peter Gulick,from the same station, in Jane, and the thirdfrom Rev. H.R. Hitchcock, dated at Kaluaaha inNovember. They all breathe the same spirit; but toshow the strength of their sentiments and the vigor oftheir language, I subjoin extracts from the last two: 'HONOLULU, JUNE, 1837. ONOLULU UNE DEAR BROTHER WRIGHT,—I can hardly tell whetherpersonal regard, or the warm sympathy I feel foryou as one engaged, heart and soul, in the great,the blessed, the arduous cause of abolition, has thegreater influence in prompting me to address you.Ever since I seriously considered the subject, my sympathieshave been with the abolitionists, and thosefor whom they labor. It is, however, but recentlyI have become thoroughly convinced that the systemof slavery ought to be immediately abolished. Andyet this point seems now so clear and plain, that Ialmost wonder bow any real Christian could hesitatea moment in coming to a right conclusion. Perhapsone of the greatest causes of delusion in this andsimilar cases, is, our proneness to look at them inwhat we call the light of expediency. But whatright have man, who have the Bible, to follow anyother light than of Revelation? I believe, assuredly,that abolition is the cause of God, and must,therefore, triumph. The Lord hasten it in his time!I believe, too, that the reproach, abuse and violencewhich the friends of the cause (and yourself amongothers) are called to endure, in publishing the truth,will tend powerfully to accelerate the accomplishmentof your desires. EAR ROTHER RIGHT recently immediately abolished. real Christian call expediency. right assuredly You will perceive by the preceding printed resolutions,that we, as a mission, do not forget ourbrethren who are in bonds. Indeed, the situationof the mass of this nation keeps the subject ofslavery almost constantly before our eyes, and in ourminds. The condition of the laboring class (whichis almost the whole nation) is that of slavery in itsmildest farm, however. No corporeal punishmentsare resorted to, to extort labor, nor are familiesbroken up, and the marriage relation disregarded,an in the slave States of my beloved, though guiltycountry. Nor do the chiefs, who are the only masters,desire to exclude mental cultivation; but ratherendeavor to promote its general diffusion: still, withthese and other palliations, the system tends stronglyto idleness, (for who would love to work withoutrecompenses?) and is pregnant with evils ruinousto all classes. From the bottom of my heart, therefore,I say, 'God speed the abolitionists, till everyyoke of oppression is broken throughout the wholeearth.' Oppression has been greatly mitigated hereby the interdiction of the Gospel; but much remainsstill to be done. P. GULICK. exclude KALUAANA, Nov. 13, 1837. ALUAANA To the Editor of the Emancipator: To the Editor of the Emancipator: DEAR SIR,—An accidental personal of some of thenumbers of your paper induces me, though a stranger,to write you, I write on a sheet containinga sort of circular to Christians in form of resolutions;not doubting that while you are engagedin the truly philanthropic and Christian work ofpleading for the oppressed in the land of freedom,you have a deep interest also in the efforts of thosewho are laboring to break the bonds of pagandarkness. EAR IR land of freedom 'Though our fields of labor are at a great distancefrom each other, and are different in some respects,yet I feel that oar object is the same,—thatof breaking every bond, of letting the captives gofree. Be assured, sir, that in the prosecution ofthis object, yon have my prayers and beat wishes foryour success. No intelligence from my native landinterests me more than that which announce theprogress of the cause of the slave. I write because it is a privilege for me, (as I thinkit should be for every Christian,) to take an openand decided stand in favor of those who are laboringto crush slavery. Especially is this a privilege at atime when morbid prudence or time-serving policy issetting afloat the sentiment that it is a subject withwhich the missionary should not intermeddle. Imust confess that if the immediate abolition ofslavery is a subject in which Christians of everyname, circumstance or occupation, whether publicor private, individual or corporate, may not andshould not take an open, undisguised, and activepart, then there is no subject in all the wide fieldof benevolent action in which they should do so.Of all the abominations that have cursed the earth,where is there one more flagrant than that ofenslaving and crushing to dust our fellow men? Ofall the sins, which Christians are called upon to opposeat the present day, where is there a more heinousone than the one your society are laboring todestroy? The mere met that insisting anon the immediateabolition of slavery, and that describing inBible language the odious of traffic in humanflesh, will disoblige a dam of interested persons, howevergreat, is no proof that either sound prudenceor the religion of Christ requires one to forbear.A neutral position in reference to the immediate destructionof slavery can be justified by the spirit ofthe gospel no more than the same position can be inreference to the destruction of intemperance, penury,or highway robbery. And there can be little doubtthat were those sins as intimately interwoven withthe worldly interests and profits of so large a portionof the country as is the existence of slavery, thesame policy which now keeps so many aloof fromthose who are laboring to pot down the latter,would do the same in reference to those who shouldstrive to put down the former. Were the sin of holdingslaves confined to a few—and those few of littleor no wealth or influence, the neutrality which nowexists in reference to its immediate abolition wouldprobably be unknown. How disconsonant to thebenevolent, but uncompromising spirit of the Bible!'Open thy mouth for the dumb, in the cause of allsuch as are appointed to destruction. Open thy mouth,judge righteously, and plead the cause of the poor andneedy,' is a divinely inspired injunction, which nohuman policy whatever can justify us in evading.  neutral position Open thy mouth for the dumb, in the cause of allsuch as are appointed to destruction. Open thy mouth,judge righteously, and plead the cause of the poor andneedy I am happy to inform you of what I hope youmay be officially informed hereafter: that this mission(so far as I know) TO A MAN, ARE IN FAVOROF THE IMMEDIATE EMANCIPATIONOF THE SLAVE, and that we of course as a bodyare deeply interested in the success of the object towhich your paper is devoted. As we do not get thepaper, or indeed any other exclusively devoted to theinterests of the anti-slavery society, you would dome a favor, and perhaps promote the interests of thecause, by sending us a file. I think good use willbe made of it. As to the above resolutions, suffice it to say thathowever they may fail to recommend themselves tothe Christian public, they are the unanimous sentimentsof this body on the subjects to which they refer.They were not adopted rashly, or under theimpulse of convivial excitement; but after a prayerfuland serious discussion. They an sentiments, inthe promulgation of which we all feel the deepestinterest. Should this strike you, sir, as just, youwill do the cause of missions a favor by giving thema place in the Emancipator. Emancipator. Let the importance of the cause, dear sir, excusethe obtrusion of this letter upon you, and believeme your cordial and respectful friend and fellow laborer,H.R. HITCHCOCK. These and others of the Sandwich Island missionaries,feeling at once the atrocious character of slaveryitself, and its detrimental influence upon their missionarywork, not only wrote letters like the above totheir other friends, bat made similar appeals to theiremployers, the American Board of Commissioners forForeign Missions, sending them, among other things,two anti-slavery documents printed on the missionpress, one a tract, and the other a series of resolutions,printed on a letter sheet, referred to in the two precedingletters, both making a very earnest affectingappeal to American Christians to apply themselvesat once to the work of overthrowing American slavery. How were this appeal and these documents receivedby the Board? They referred the whole matter to a committee,consisting of Drs. Fay and Skinner, Rev. HenryDwight, and John Tappan and Zechariah Lewis,Esqs., who reported the following resolution, whichwas adopted in September, 1897, and, after discussion,reaffirmed, September, 1839, and which still remainsin force:— was adopted reaffirmed still remainsin force: 'In general, the sole object of the printing establishmentsconnected with the missions of the Boardshall be to exert a direct influence upon the surroundingnative population, and NO MISSION OR MEMBEROF A MISSION MAY PRINT MAY LETTER, TRACT ORAPPEAL, AT THESE ESTABLISHMENTS, AT THE EXPENSEOF THE BOARD, WITH A VIEW TO ITS BEING SENT TOINDIVIDUALS, OR COMMUNITIES, IN THE UNITEDSTATES.' OARD, WITH A VIEW TO ITS BEING SENT TOINDIVIDUALS, OR COMMUNITIES, IN THE NITED TATES. This prohibition of the diffusion of such humaneand Christian sentiments as, being contained in thepreceding letters, we must suppose were repeated inthe tract and the printed sheet of resolutions, is a fairspecimen of the despotic style of administration, andof the pro-slavery character, which have bean manifestin the Board from that time to the present; butthe clause, 'AT THE EXPENSE OF THE BOARD' is acruel addition of insult to injury, if we remember thatthe persons thus insolently rebuked had given themselves,with their small worldly possessions, to theBoard, and thus had no means of uttering the honestconvictions of their hearts to friends at a distance, exceptby using the paper and ink purchased by theBoard with the funds entrusted to them by Christiansfor the diffusion of Christian light and knowledge.If the missionaries found a fire opened in their rearby the shameless extension of heathenism at home,under the eye, and with the sanction of the Board,why should they not use the means furnished them bythe Christian public to remonstrate against it? OARD themselves The Board have chosen to suppress the importantanti-slavery testimony sent them in 1837 (for theChristian community) by the Sandwich Island missionaries,and to prohibit the printing of any moresimilar messages to Christians in this country, onthe Mission presses. And we can, by the lettersin the Independent referred to at the commencementof this article, that so arbitrary and stringent isthe supervision still exercised over the missionaries,that even in writing private letters containing anyprotest against the enormous wickedness of slavery,they feel obliged to take precautions against the discoveryof their names. I therefore call upon theBoard—as an act of justice, alike to the missionarieswhose letters to the Christian public they have thusunjustifiably suppressed, and to that public, who havea right to hear the appeals, and to know the sentiments,of the man who an supported by their contributions—to bring out from the files of the MissionHouse that tract and that printed sheet of resolutions,read them to the public at the approaching annualmeeting in Providence, print them as an appendix tothe Annual Report, and publish thorn in the MissionaryHerald; and I further sail on them to rescindthe shameful resolution quoted above, by which themouths of their missionaries have bean and still aregagged, and to call for, and publish when it comes, afree expression of opinion from the missionaries, uponthe proper course to be adopted towards a systemwhich interferes so materially with their success intheir missionaries labors as American slavery. Independent their MissionaryHerald and publish when it comes That the present position of the Board in to slavery may be rally understood, 1st us glance atits action upon that subject during the years following1837 to the present time. To rehearse the details ofthis action would fill a volume, and would includemany sophistical and some mutually contradictorydeclarations, but its substance can be given in a comparativelyshort space.  Until the Board wore compelled, by the action of asmall but pertinacious minority, to pay some attentionto the subject of slavery, and take some action uponit, they ignored that subject altogether. Even in takingthe responsibility of publicly authenticating aperson as a Christian (as, by sending him forth at amissionary, or admitting him to membership in a missionchurch,) they no more inquired whether he wasa slaveholder than whether ho was a landholder, or amechanic, or a democrat. Their agents, who annuallytravel through the Southern States, and preach inSouthern pulpits, to rain funds for the conversion ofthe heathen, have made no protest against that slaverywhich has been manufacturing and perpetuating a raceof heathen under their very eyes. Several of theirmissionaries have been slaveholders, and others haveextensively used the hired labor of slaves, thus participatingin that system which defrauds the actuallaborer of the profit of his toil. They ban also freelyadmitted slaveholders to their churches, and havebeen so far from discouraging slavery by church discipline,that one of the Secretaries of the Board (inthe Missionaries Herald, the official organ of the A.B.C.F.M., Oct. 1848, p. 149.) represented the increasednumber of slaves in the Cherokee and Choctaw nations,and the general preference than felt for the investmentof money in this 'species of property,' asone of the results of 'the doctrines of the Gospelhaving exerted their appropriate influence.' Missionaries Herald Since the year 1839, the Board have been urged atmany annual meetings, (by a minority which, howeversmall, was the representative of too much money,as well as respectability, to be altogether disregarded,)to withdraw the support and countenance which theywore affording to slavery. The petitions and memorialsthus presented won always referred to committees,and the committees generally recommended thatthe subject be lot alone, expressing perfect satisfactionwith the position of the Board. To give an idea of the manner in which this momentoussubject was treated in these Reports, we givean abstract of one of them, presented at Brooklyn in1845, by a committee consisting of Dr. Woods of Andoveand nine others, eight of them clergymen: As to declarations and measures of hostility toslavery, the Committee recommend to the Board nonew action, and refer the petitioners to the reports ofprevious meetings, (which say that the Board cannotturn aside from its peculiar and appropriatework of preaching the Gospel, to condemn slavery.) The only Mission Churches of which slaveholdersare known to be members an among the Cherokeeand Choctaw Indians. Slavery existed among themwhen the missionaries entered on their labors amongthese tribes. The qualification for membership inthe mission-churches is "satisfactory evidence of asaving change of heart, and of repentance and faithin the Lord Jesus Christ." Sundry slaveholders,designing to continue such, were considered to havegiven this evidence, and were accordingly receivedinto the church. As to the kind and amount ofinstruction given by the missionaries in relation toslavery, the Committee quote the language of oneof them, who says, "We give such instructions tomasters and servants as an contained in the Epistles,and yet not in a way to give the subject a peculiarprominence; for then it would seem to be personal,as there are usually but one or two slaveholders atour meetings. In private, we converse about all theevils and dangers of slavery." for then it would seem to be personal The Committee admit that the slave-laws amongthe Cherokees and Choctaws prohibit teaching slavesto read, throw impediments in the way of emancipation,restrict slaves in the possession of property,and embarrass the residence of free negroes amongthem. They believe that the destructive influenceof slavery is seen on the morels of both master andslave; that it sweeps away those barriers which everycivilized community has erected so protect thepurity and chastity of the family relations, and thatit will ever present formidable obstacles to the righttraining of the rising generation. The Committee however believe, that the missionariesin then slaveholding communities havebeen faithful to their work. They approve the admissionof slaveholders to their churches, and have nodifferent plan to recommend to them for the future. They approve the admissionof slaveholders to their churches The report was unanimously adopted. After having delayed and protracted the matter aslong as possible, the Board was compelled by the pertinacityof the remonstrants, to make some decision;and their decision, which still remains in force, is, thatSLAVEHOLDERS MAY BE ADMITTED ASMEMBERS, IN GOOD AND REGULAR STANDING,OF THE MISSION CHURCHES. TheBoard clearly implied their consent to the contrivanceof this practice in the mission churches, at theirmeeting in Boston, in 1848; and they formally ratifiedit at the meeting in Hartford, in 1854. formally ratified In reading over the long array of reports and correspondencerelative to this matter In the Annual Reportsof the Board, (in which pious language is frequentlyused to excuse impious conduct and wickedlaws,) we can by the vary apologies, both of the missionariesand the Board, bow completely this matterof slavery has been in their own hands-from the beginning,and how the corruption of the mission-churcheshas resulted from that of the missionariesand their employers. Slavery existed whoa the missionswon founded, by their own confession. So diddrunkenness, so did theft, so did adultery, so did murder!Why did they keep then oat of the Church, ifthey let slavery in? Why did they lot slavery in, ifthey kept these out? It was their imperative duty,in founding a church, to brand an infamous, and utterlyincompatible with the Christian character, participationin that system which, by making chattels ofmen, woman and children, authorizes any outragewhich may subsequently be inflicted on them. I repeatit. The power to keep their churches pure fromthis infamy, from the beginning, was entirely in theirown hands. They did not use it. And when calledto account for it, they allege in excuse, that public sentimentand ecclesiastical usage were not then opposedto slavery; and one of them gives, as his reason fornot dealing with slavery in the Church, after it hadgained admission, that—it would have seemed personal,as but few slaveholders attended the church-meetingsWorthy successors, these, of then apostate who turnedthe world upside down! from the beginning public sentiment ecclesiastical usage it would have seemed personal Is it not the extreme of unfaithfulness, for a classof men whose dally avocation is the study and promulgationof good morels and religion, to suffer thatwhich they admit to be 'an anti-Christian * system'—at war with the rights of man, and opposed to theprincipals of the Gospel'—-to exist in their churcheswithout Interference until it was smiled by 'theworld' without (the printers, lawyers, butchers them, carpenters,&c., when interest in religion was only personal,and not professional like their own, and towardswhom they assume themselves to be as 'light' forguidance, and as 'salt' for preservation) had not yetrenounced this practice? Yet such is the petition ofthe missionaries and of the Board! an anti-Christian * system'—at war with the rights of man, and opposed to theprincipals of the Gospel *  Thus, after many attempts to evade a formal expressionof opinion, the American Board of ForeignMissions, at its meeting in Hartford, in 1854, formallyratified a theory in conformity with the longstanding practice of its churches, TO ADMITSLAVEHOLDERS TO CHURCH-MEMBERSHIP,AS CHRISTIANS. What say the remonstrants, in regard to this ciousbaptism of slavery into full communion withthe Church?  What say the Independent, edited by Dr. JosephP. Thompson and others, who have hereedvery zealous against slavery! Independent  Wonderful to tell, in an article (Aug. 13) entitled'Meeting of the American Board,' in the very nextSelman to the extract we have quoted at the commencementof this article, and by on 'incongruity'no less 'monstrous' than that which is there delineated,the Independent says: Independent The meeting of the American Board, to be heldat Providence on the second Tuesday in September,promises to be on of unusual interest and momentfor the cause of Mission. NO question is likely toarise at that meeting which will agitate the publicmind, or divide the counsels of the Board. THEQUESTION OF SLAVERY WAS SETTLED UPON A SATISFACTORYBASIS AT HARTFORD! The great questions of principle and policy whichhaw sometimes agitated the Board ARE NOW SETTLEDFOR THIS GENERATION.' HE T ARTFORD  This is even a more complete surrender than Dr.Thompson made of himself at the late annual meetingof the Tract Society. He was perfectly satisfiedwith the Report of its Investigating Committee, bothupon its negative and positive aide, (whatever newlight upon it any since have reached him;) but thisarticle assumes that (at least as far as the Independentis concerned) no farther protest is to be madeagainst the pro-slavery position of the Board duringthe life-time of this generation. And, if silencegives consent, we must suppose all the farmer remonstrantsto have come to the same shameful conclusion. Independent Possibly, however, the Independent relied tooconfidently on the degeneracy of the Church and itsministers. Possibly there may be one left, amongthe members of the Board, who is not willing to bowthe knee to this Baal. Possibly one may yet be foundwho is willing to stand forth alone, and break this deceitfulpause which has usurped the place, of purity,and demand, in the name of Christ, and of his brethrenthe slaves of church-members under the supervisionof the American Board, that this covenantwith death be annulled, that this agreement with hellbe not suffered to stand. If there be a single memberwho wishes this to be done, let him not fail to doit. Let no supposed 'necessity of courtesy towardsas associate'—no entreaty that the 'satisfactory basis'may be suffered 'to stand for this year'—no fear 'toprovoke a personal discussion'—no 'high respect' forthe representatives of pre-slavery piety, and no fearof 'wounding their sensibilities,' be suffered to preventan earnest and vigorous protest, at the approachingmeeting of the Board, against its shameful compromisewith slavery. But if no one thus raises hisvoice, if no one dares, or, still worse, if no onecares, to speak for the cause of the slave beforethat great representative of the Church, that factmust go, to swell the already long catalogue of proofsthat the American Church is the bulwark of, Americanslavery.—C.K.W. Independent wishes this cares *Ann. Rep. of 1848, p. 105. *Ann. Rep. of 1848, p. 105. 
