 The managers at the Tract House, while treatingwith utter neglect all the appeals and remonstrancesof such of the Northern, supporters of the Society,as desire them to publish something against slavery,appear to be busily engaged in conciliating theslaveholders at the South, and convincing them thatthe resolutions of the Committee of Investigation,which Dr. Thompson, of the Independent, sopromptly accepted and endorsed, didn't mean anythingin particular, and therefore should excite intheir minds no apprehensions of evil to come uponthe blessed institution by which they an enabled toextort labor without wages, and raise black babiesfor the market. We published, on the 18th ult.,a Circular, privately addressed by the Secretaries toSouthern Colporteurs, Agents, and others, evidentlyintended to counteract the impression that theCommittee was about to do what the Independentand kindred Journals assume that the Society hadinstructed them to do. And now we have before usthe Easton (Md.) Star of the 7th ult.—a journalpublished in the very hotbed of the domestic trafficin slaves—in which we find a communication sighed,officially, by the General Agent of the Society forMaryland, District of Columbia, and Virginia. Itis the reply to some criticism that had appeared inthe Star, and concluded as follows:— them Independent Independent Star Star 'You will therefore permit me to my, 'That the Colporteurs of the American Tract Societyare not permitted to sell or distribute any otherbooks than those issued by the Society. Colporteurs '2. Of the 250 millions of publications that havegone out from the Tract House, there has not beenone word on the subject of slavery! slavery '3. I have the assurance of the officers of theSociety 'that they will abide by the Constitution, andpublish only which to agreed to by the evangelical Christiansall over the country.'' that they will abide by the Constitution G.W. Kennedy, Genl. Agt. A.T.S., Mt. D.C. Va.'TRACTS, Talbot Co., 258.' RACTS The slave-breeding Christians (!) of the Chesapeake,thus reasurred, will doubtless indicate theirgratitude by their usual liberal contribution to theSociety's treasury.—A.S.Standard. 
