 The Missouri Democrat publishes the following as aspecimen of the sanguinary slave code of that State: Democrat ARTICLE 1ST OF CRIMS, ACT, Sec. 6.—Every person,bond or free, who shall be convicted of actuallyraising a rebellion or insurrection of slaves, free negroesor mulattoes in this State, shall suffer death. RTICLE RIMS CT Sec. 7.—Every slave who shall, at any time, rebelor make insurrection, or shall plot or conspire thedeath of any person, or commit arson in furtheranceof such conspiracy, and shall, by an overt act, attemptto accomplish such purpose, shall suffer death. See. 8.—Every free parson who shall aid or assistin any such rebellion or insurrection, or shall furnisharms, or do any other overt act, in furtheranceof such rebellion or insurrection, shall be punishedby death. Sec. 9.—Every parson, bond or fine, who shall beconvicted of consulting, plotting, conspiring, or attemptingto raise any rebellion or insurrection ofnegroes or mulattoes, bond or free, or to commit anycrime in furtherance thereof, within thin State, althoughno over act be done to accomplish such purpose,shall to punished, if a freeman, by imprisonmentin the penitentiary for a period not less thantwo years; and if a slave, shall be punished in themanner prescribed in the thirty-sixth, section of theninth article of this act.  (Any number of stripes onthe bare back, not exceeding thirty-nine.) See. 10.—Every person who shall publish, circulateor utter,, by writing, speaking or printing, orby any picture or device, any statements, argumentsor opinions, the tendency of which is to excite anyslave, or other colored persona in this State, to insolenceor insubordination towards his matter or owner,or to rebellion, insurrection or murder, or to escapefrom his master or owner, shall, upon conviction, beimprisoned in the penitentiary not more than fiveyears: and upon conviction for the second offence,shall be imprisoned in the penitentiary not less thanfive years. See. 11. If any person shall bring, introduce, orcirculate, or cause to be brought, introduced or circulated,or shall aid or assist, or be in any mannerinstrumental in bringing, introducing or circulatingwithin this State any printed or written paper,pamphlet or circular, whether written or printed inor out of this State, calculated to excite insurrection,revolt, conspiracy or resistance, on the part of staves,negroes, or free persons of color in this State, againstthe citizens of this State, or any part of them, orcalculated to induce or encourage slaves to escapefrom their owners or masters, such person so offendingshall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall uponconviction be punished by imprisonment in thePenitentiary, not less than two years for the firstoffence, and not leas than ten year for a secondoffence. 
