 In the U.S.Senate, a few days since, Mr. Iverson,of Georgia, in the course of his speech on the bill fora railroad to the Pacific, said:— The election of a Northern President, upon aecotional and anti-slavery issue, will be consideredcause enough to justify secession. Let the SenatorFrom New York, [Mr. Seward,] or any other manavowing the sentiments and policy enunciated byhim in his Rochester speech, be elected President ofthe United States, and, in my opinion, there aremore than one of the Southern States that wouldtake immediate steps towards separation. And, sir,I am free to declare, then, in the Senate, that when-eversuch an event shall occur, for one, I shall befor disunion, and shall, if alive, exert all the powersI may have in urging upon the people of my Statethe necessity and propriety of an immediate separation.I know, sir, that disunion is considered bymany as an impossible thing; many think so at theSouth, and all the Northern people feel assured thatthe South can never be driven out of the Union, nomatter what may be the aggressions upon theirconstitutional rights. I trust and believe that theywill find themselves mistaken, whenever a properoccasion occurs. Sir, it is nut so difficult a matter to dissolve thisUnion as many believe. Let the Republican partyof the North obtain possession of the government,and pass a Wilmot proviso; or abolish slaveryin the District of Columbia; or repeal the FugitiveSlave Law; or reform the Supreme Court, and annulthe Dred Scott decision; or do any other act infringingupon the rights, impairing the equality,or wounding the honor of the slave States, or letthem elect a President upon the avowed declarationand principle that freedom and slavery cannot existtogether in toe Uuion, and that one or the othermust give way, and be sacrificed to the other, andthe Union would be dissolved ip six months. I donot believe, however, that such a result could orwould be brought about by a general convention ofall the slave States; it is doubtful whether all ofthem could be got into convention for any cause,and if they could, it is still more doubtful whetherthey could be harmonized and made to move togethertoward so momentous an end. But, sir, let asingle State move upon the happening of any ofthese contingencies; let her swing out of the Union,and she would of necessity very soon drag every otherslave State but with her or after her. Mr. HOUSTON (Texas) spoke in favor of the EIPaso route, and asked, 'Why rule out the South?'During the twelve or fourteen Tears he had had aseat here, the manifestations of sectional jealousyhad caused him deep and unspeakable regret.  Hehad never heard that chord struck without pain. Itseemed to him as if gentlemen whose talents shouldtend to perpetuate the Union have devised causes ofdisagreement between the North and the South.When be first heard the cry of disunion, it was inthe other House. He thought it treason—hethought the individual who uttered it should be cruciged.As well may you hope to have a healthy patient,if you cut away the main artery of his life.Will you oat the Mississippi in two? Who willhave its sources, and who its mouth? And will thegreat West suffer itself to be bereft of either? Gentlemenhave spoken for the South as if they heldits destinies in the hollow of their hand. He himself was born in the South. No man had broaderinterests there than he, for his all was there. Thushe, too, represented the South, and denied the rightof any one to speak for the [South, if he can givehis views a negation. There are those in the Southwho pray for harmony and union—men strong inholy fealty for their country and the Constitution.It would be easier for one State to come back thanfor others to go out with it. The moment it goesout, it assumes an attitude of rebellion. Let thewise men of the South turn their heads toward theUnion, not criminating and recriminating, but reflecting.Gentlemen of the North, abstain frombitterness on the Southern institution. While it isthe policy of the North to eschew slavery, it is thenecessity of the South to maintain it. He did notjoin in the talk of Southern rights. The South hasno rights except those of the North, and the Northnone except those of the South. It is a cant phrase,tending to inflame the popular passions. As regardsthe negroes, what better ute eon be made ofthem? We did not bring them here, and did notengage in the slave trade till recently, and, saidbe, 'I brand that as an act of unmitigated infamy.'He concluded his remarks by counselling the twosections to live in harmony, cultivating the advantagesGod has given us as a united nation. OUSTON hethought the individual who uttered it should be cruciged. it is thenecessity of the South to maintain it. what better ute eon be made ofthem Mr. Iverson said he had no desire to dissolve aUnion that would promote the interests of all sectionsalike, but a Union administered on a sectionalbasis by the demon of Abolitionism he wouldcrush into atoms, and trample on as the veriest reptile.Mr. Iverson proceeded in a tone of severityon Mr. Houston, saying that he (Iverson) never hearda Union speech from a Southern man without a suspicionthat it related to the Presidency; also, thatTexas had placed Mr. Houston in retirement on accountof the intensity of feeling exhibited by himin favor of the Union at the sacrifice of his ownsection, and that be (Iverson) was glad of it. he wouldcrush into atoms, and trample on as the veriest reptile. Mr. DOOLITTLE asked Mr. Iverson if be couldname any prominent man of the Republican partywho proposes to put down slavery by the action ofthe Federal Government. OOLITTLE Mr. IVERSON replied that be knew that prominentpoliticians of the North disclaim such an intention;but he looked upon that as a fraud and a pretence;be looked to their acts. He referred to the Rochesterspeech, and said that Mr. Seward had too muchgood sense to believe what he said—that the Southwould insist on establishing slavery in the North.That was all humbug. He (Iverson) believed, as hedid in his own existence, that it is the settled designof the Northern States to break down staves? in theSouthern States. VERSON 
