 The wealth, the intellect, the legislation, (Stateand Federal,) the pulpit, and the science of America,have concentrated on no one point so heartilyis in the endeavor to write down the negro as somethingless than a man: yet at the very moment ofthe triumph of this effort, there runs through thenarrow of those who make it an unaccountableconsciousness, an aching dread, that this near fainèant,this great black sluggard, is somehow endowedwith forces which are rather felt than seen, andwhich may, in 'some grim revel,' near fainèant 'Shake the pillars of the commonweal!' And there is indeed reason for this' aching dread.'The negro is something more than mere endurance;he is a force. And when the energies that now imbrutehim exhaust themselves—as they inevitablymust—the force which he now expends in resistancewill cause him to rise; his force can hardly bemeasured to-day; the opinions regarding him areexcessive; his foes estimate him too low, his friends,perhaps, too high: besides, there b not a-wantingamong these latter, in spite of their own good feelings,that 'tribe idolatry' which regards him as'not quite as.' Twenty-five years ago, in the beatof the conflict which terminated in the emancipationAct of Great Britain, there was held an anti-slaverymeeting in the city of Glasgow, at which ayoung black made a speech of each fashion that it'brought down the house.' He was followed by theeccentric but earnest and eloquent William Anderson,a minister of the Relief denomination. Dr.Wardlaw, with silver tongue, had spoken, andGeorge Thompson had revelled in his impetuous eloquence.Rev. Mr.Anderson's subject was a minerone in the programme, a sort of aide dish; yet hebegan, continued and ended in one of the most extraordinarybursts of eloquence, wit and sarcasmever heard in Dr. Wardlaw's chapel; people werecarried away. At the end of the meeting, a friendcongratulated Mr.Anderson, and casually askedhow it was that he bad got off such a grand speech?Hech, mon!' said Mr.Anderson, 'd'ye think Iwas gaen to be beaten by a black?' But although we cannot fairly estimate the forcesof the negro, we approximate them. A handfulof English subdued Ireland, and English rulerather than English arms has so impenetrated theCeltic mind with oppression, that the only resistanceto this oppression in the middle of the 19th century, culminates in Smith O'Brien, Thomas F.Meagher, JOHN MITCHELL! Compare these withSam War, Frederick Douglass, or those whofought at Christians, or the man or whoffered himselfto scourged to death in Tennessee, ratherthan betray his association insurrectionist. OHN ITCHELL The negro, under the yoke of slavery, has increased,without additions made by emigration, as rapidly,during the last forty years, as have the whitesin the whole country, aided by an immense immigrationand the increase of the immigrants; and thisincrease of the negro in America, unlike that of theIrish in Ireland, it of a strong, healthy, durablestock. Now, let the European immigration diminish,and the African slave trade revive—both whichevens are in esse—and the next forty years willpresent us with the slave States containing ten millionsof whites, and nearly fifteen millions of slaves:and the proportion of the blacks to the whites inthe United States, which is now one seventh, will benearly one. half. In that event, it requires noprophet to foresee that the Underground Railroadand the Christian Religion—the two great safety-slavesfor the restless and energetic among theslaves—will be utterly incompetent to put off thatevent which was brought about by bloodshed inHayti, and by timely legislation in the British WestIndies. esse In 1850, a black man, insulted by a white boy inthe streets of Sacramento, mildly resented by pushingthe boy away: a white man passing by with asaw in his hand, caught the black by the wrist,and sawed his hand off. The black went before amagistrate to complain, when the minister of justicedeclined receiving the complaint, on the ground thatno redress could be obtained. In 1858, we find amagistrate in California, in defiance of statute law,admitting the testimony of black men, and in thesame year, a bill to prevent the further immigrationof blacks was defeated in the Legislature of thatState. In the debate on the subject, a memberstated that' the six thousand free blacks in Californiawere an industrious people, with six millions ofdollars in personal and real estate.' This is aboutone thousand dollars to each individual—a sumthree times as great as the census of 1850 gives tothe individuals composing the farming population ofVermont. In a school exhibition in the city of New York, inDecember, 1858, there were productions from twentywhite and one colored ward schools; of the thirtyprizes awarded, three were gained by the coloredschool; which may be thus formularised for the useof that distinguished archaeologist, craniologist andanthologist, Dr. Nott, of Alabama:—☞black children's intellect: white children's intellect. In the Concours of the colleges of France, in1858, the laurels ones worn by Abelard fell uponthe  of a black youth from Hayti, M. Faubert,who won the highest prize, winning other prizes. It is well known thatnot a Jew white Americans are among the studentsof the French colleges; and none of these having yetwon this distinguished honor, we must again formularisefor Dr. Nott—1: 1:: white Americanstudents in Paris: black Haytien students in Paris. Concours   Here, then, we have the vital force, the physicalforce, and some slight inklings of the yet undevelopedmental power of the negro. The negro is a constantquantity; other raises may be, and are, variables;be is positive and reliable, and seems fixed so.The panic of 1857 was arrested by the cotton crop,and even at this moment, when the West is bankrupt,with its 'enchanted' free laborers and 'enchanted'stores of grain, the vitality of trade ismaintained by the products of black labor, which itis the ambition of the so-called Republican party tosweep from the land. What a glorious destinyawaits the negro when the soil now fertilized by hisagony and bloody sweat, shall teem under his energies,renewed and developed by freedom! For 'Freedom hand in hand with labor,Walketh strong and brave;On the forehead of his neighbor,No man writeth slave!'    The negro is the 'coming man,' heralded by Dr.Arnold. The European race would seem to havereached its destined development—of Arts in Greece,of Jurisprudence in Rome, and of Industrial Economiesin England and the United States. To advancestill further, the tide of civilization requireswhat the great commoner prescribed for Irelandnew blood. And whence can this be procured, unlessfrom a race hitherto unmixed in the current ofcivilization? 
