 We believe in Calhoun living, and in Webster andClay dead. We believe the Declaration of Independence a self-evidentlie, for niggers nave no rights that a Democratis bound to respect; and Adam and Eve werealone' created' equal, and all the rest of mankindare horn. We believe that' mechanics and laborers' are the'mudsills of society,' only fit to be regarded as the'capital of the rich.' We believe in 'Squatter Sovereignty' during aPresidential election, but after the election all SquatterSovereignty reverts to the President. We believe a Slave State ought to become a partner,of the Union, if it have 35,000 inhabitants. We believe a Free State ought not to become a she have 93,000 inhhabitants.  We believe Buchanan and Douglas Democracy isas old as Noah's Ark. We believe in hard money generally, with an occasionalissue of treasury rays, which ought not underany ordinary condition of government to exceedforty millions per year. treasury rays We believe to the 'victors belong the spoils,' andif there be more victors than spoils, spoils should bemade to order. We believe Jefferson was a superannuated old fool,and that republicanism which takes its roots fromhim is 'black.' black. We believe that this is a great country, but SouthCarolina is greater. We believe in a National party if it includes theSouth, and leaves out the North. We believe in the great principle of 'voting earlyand often,' for if one vote be good, then two am better. We believe in the estimable right of Democrats,when on the stump, to change their principles withthe degrees of latitude and longitude. We believe the history of political parties establishesthe fact that there is no cohesiveness equal tothe cohesiveness of public plunder. We believe there are no principles so dear to thethousands of office-seakers that swam the hosts ofDemocratic Israel, as the five loaves and two fishes. We believe in the missionary enterprise of Walkerand his followers, and secretly enjoin all to pray forits success. We believe Kansas needs another Governor, or shewill soon commence bleeding, and no physician willbe found to staunch her blood. We believe Pennsylvania Ohio, Indians andlaws are 'outside the pale of healthy organizations,'and we humbly pray the President to appoint a fastday that they may return to the true faith, themighty faith of the President. Pennsylvania Ohio, Indians laws Finally, we believe Democracy, Whiskey, andNiggers, are one and indivisible. United they willstand, divided they must fall.—Laws City Rep. Laws City Rep. 
