 The following notice of the negro actor, Ira Aldridge,to from the St. Petersburg correspondent ofLo Nerd, under date of Dec. 5:— Lo Nerd 'The success of the negro actor, Ira Aldridge,has been wonderful. At his debut, people were curiousto see an Othello who needed neither crapenor pomade to blacken his face. Many expectedtears of laughter rather than tears of emotion, whenthey learned that lago and Desdemona would replyto him in German. [The absence of an Englishtroupe forced him to play with German actors.]Those who counted on this were strangely deceived.From his appearance on the stage, the Africanartist completely captivated his audience by his harmoniousresonant voice, and bra style full ofsimplicity, nature and dignity. Fur the first timewe had seen a tragic hero talk and walk like commonmortals, without declamation and withoutexaggerated gesture. We forgot that we were in atheatre, and followed the drama as if it had beena real transaction. The scene in the Third Act, when the sentimentof jealousy to roused in the ferocious Moor, is thetriumph of Aldridge. At the first word of the wilyinsinuation, you ate his eyes kindle; yon feel thetears in his voice when he questions Iago, then thedeep cobs which stifle it; and finally, when be mpersuaded that his wretchedness to complete, a cryof sage, or Bather a roar like that of a wild beast,starts from his abdomen. I still seem to hear thatcry; it chilled us with fear, and made every spectatorshudder. Tears wet his cheeks; his mouthfoamed, and his eyes flashed fire. I have never seenan artist identify himself so perfectly with the characterwhich be represents. An sector told me thathe saw him sob for soma moments after his exit fromthe scene. Everybody, men and women, weptBoilean was right in saying to actors: 'Weep yourselvesif you would make others weep.' Rachel, inthe Fourth Act of Les Horace, is the only artistwho ever produced so great an effect. At the firstrepresentation, the poor Desdemona was so horrorstricken,at the terrible expression of the Moor, thatshe sprang from the bed and feed, shrieking withfright Les Horace In spite of his stony nature, Aldridge can adapthimself to those seems which require calmness andsubdued passion. In Shylock, to see him tremblingwith four and indignation before the tribunal whichis endeavoring to force Christianity upon him, makeone of those impression which are never effaced.The severest critics find but one fault with him—that, when speaking to characters at the beck of thestage, he has the bad habit of turning his back tothe public. The director remonstrated with him,but it was of no avail.' 
