 The annual meeting of the Hartford branch of theAmerican Tract Society was held in that city a fewsays since—Deacon William W. Turner in the chair.After a few prefatory remarks, Dea. Turner introducedHon. Thomas S. Williams, President of the AmericanTract Society, to the meeting. Judge Williams said he had, in view of his connectionwith the Society, no apology to offer for thescience of it before that audience. The gentlemenwas formed the publishing committee of the Societywere men of well known piety and worth; he hadonly to mention Rev. Dr. Justine Edwards, Rev.Dr. Milner and Rev. Dr. Knox, whose names werea guarantee for all he could claim for them. The Society has, in the past forty years, done somuch good, extended its area of usefulness so widely,and made its power and influence so fully understood:has gained so much praise from all quarters,that, at length, it might well be said of it: 'Woeunto you, when all speak well of you!' Some timeonce certain men, who lacked evangelical piety, beganto complain that the Society did not interest itselfdirectly in the matter of slavery. But always is asubject that enters into politics, provokes discussion,it must exciting when entered upon, and in regard tomuch, many good men widely differ. If the Societywere to begin to discuss the question, where shouldstop it? If it laid down rules to guide the masters,it must also publish guides to the servants;—shouldthey say to them, 'Servants, obey your masters!'or should they advise them that all men were bornin and equal, and that it was their right to taketheir liberty if they could? Some time since, theIndependent newspaper was established under thecase of a man well known to be a thorough Abolitionist,and that paper has constantly abused theSociety; it stated again and again that the Societywas in possession of large funds that were unwiselyand improperly used. This statement was madeso often that a committee was at length appointedto inquire into facts, and after a careful examinationof the affairs and books of the Society, they reportedthat it was conducted upon principles and in a mannerupon which no improvement could be made.Those who condemn the publishing committee fornot complying with one clause of this report, condemnanother clause—namely, the clause on thefinances—in the same report. who lacked evangelical piety provokes discussion good Independent abused At the tone of the report of this committee, thewhole South become alarmed; letters were daily receivedfrom colporteurs, agents and ministers of thegospel, protesting against the publication of anti-slaverytracts. Of one denomination in Virginia, 100,-000 communicants broke off all connection with theSociety; it became evident that, if a sectional coursewere pursued, the whole South would be lost. Ithas been said that right must be done, without considerationof consequences; but right sometimes dependsupon consequences. We hear ministers at theNorth preaching vehemently against the sin a slavery.Ask those men to go South, and labor therefor its extermination, and they will tell you no, theydare not, for they might lose their heads if they should.It would have done no good to publish tracts againstslavery, for South they would not be allowed, andNorth, where slavery does not exist, they would beuseless. The original report, ordering the publicationof such tracts, was at first endorsed by the Society;but, at the next annual meeting, the publishingcommittee were most emphatically endorsed.Pride had said: 'Do not yield to dictates from theSouth!' but our hearts had said: 'Go on in thesuccessful path you have followed for thirty years,engaged in a great, catholic, national work!' thewhole South become alarmed thegospel the publication of anti-slaverytracts. sectional right depends there they might lose their heads if they should. South they would not be allowed North they would beuseless. catholic Judge Persons followed—The Society has onlyproduced good fruits; its apparent fruits for theyear just ended were better than at any previoustime since its organization. The officers of the Societyhave been abused simply because they have refacedto publish tracts that they sincerely believe tobe contrary to the principles of true religion. Itsformer friends have changed their course, and notthe Society. It was said here the other evening,that the Society refused to publish a tract made up,by a Mr. Wolcott of Providence, entirely of textsfrom Scripture. The circumstances connected withthe sending of this tract to New York showed thatit was not actually intended for publication, butonly as a test of the Society, and it was rejected;but the Society is publishing a New Testament, withnotes, for circulation everywhere, that contain allthese texts, freely commented upon. contrary to the principles of true religion. The speaker wished that every one who choose togive his money to the Boston society would do sofreely, and he would say 'God speed!' to it. Butare you certain that the money will not get to NewYork after all? The Boston Society is, as yet, but asubordinate branch of the National one. At theirmeeting last year, they put a resolution, withdrawingfrom the parent society, into the hands of acommittee, to report at the next annual meeting, nofurther action being taken in the matter. But, sendto Boston all the money you wish to, and God gowith it. The Boston movement seems to be only intendedto break up the National organization. The Boston Society is, as yet, but asubordinate branch of the National one. seems This subject of slavery is one upon which the best ofmen less their temper. Dr. Bacon lost his temperwhen, at the meeting in New York, the great majoritywas given against his views, and said: 'Thedevil will not win in the long run!' Dr. Bethune'spoke right out in meeting' when he said that themajority did not choose to be called devils. Dr.Bacon said that he should not leave the Society;that he was a life member, and should stick by, yearafter year, fighting it to the death, and leave thecombating it as a legacy to his children. This subject of slavery is one upon which the best ofmen less their temper. The Boston society did an unfair thing when theypitched upon the time for their meeting just beforethe season when the annual collections of the Nationalsociety were to be made. They should havefixed the date of their meeting more generously.What if this new society gets into the country townsall over the land? Like anti-masonry, anti-slavery,and other similar agitations, the result would be anoverthrow of what was conservative, national andtime-honored, and must end in ruin to the cause. Judge Ellsworth now spoke. He said that he wasnot a defender of or apologist for slavery, or its extension,and he wished at this time to place himselfright upon the record. He had ever felt that humanslavery was a great and unmitigated wrong andcalamity. Its spirit has dominion in our nationalcouncils, and has even entered into the church,making the hired ministers of the gospel afraid.The Judge eulogized the Society at some length, followingmainly the paths of the previous speakers.As to the nature of the tracts to be published, hewould leave the matter to those experienced men whohad, for years, made it a study, as he would go to acompetent lawyer if he wished to litigate, or to aphysician of good standing if he were ill. The Bostonsociety may, in its pride publish one anti-slaverytract, but even that is doubtful. he would sayto them: 'If you can abolish slavery, I am withyou with my whole heart!' for I hate and detest it;but the discussion of slavery cannot enter into everyinterest and relation of life. To bring it in here isnot a thing of Christian practicability. The Judge eulogized the Society at some length the previous speakers. one abolish To bring it in here isnot a thing of Christian practicability. 
