 In the Legislature of Massachusetts, on Friday last,on the presentation of a memorial signed by WilliamC.Nell and other colored citizens of the State, askingfor the vindication and protection of their rights, Mr.Spofford, of Newburyport, said:— I do not rise, Mr.Speaker, to enter upon anylengthy discussion of this idle question which hascome up Here to-day; Life is not long enough todischarge that and the other duties which devolveupon me here. But, sir, I rise to protest, at thisearly stage of the session, against the introductionof this agitating question of slavery. It came here,sir, at the last session, at an early hoar, and fromthe beginning to the close it drew its hateful lengthalong here, occupying more time than was devotedto any other single subject of legislation; engenderedmore ill-feeling, profiting nothing. Now, sir,that is the attitude of this question at the presenttime. There is nothing to be gained by the petition;nothing whatever is asked. The gentleman from Greenfield has presented thepetition here, and desires referred tothe Committee on Federal Relations. Well, Mr.speaker, suppose it be so referred—in what possibleway can it effect any good for the black men of thecommonwealth, concerning whom the gentlemanfrom Greenfield seems to be so much excited, and sotender in his sympathies? The Committee may reporta series of resolutions, denouncing the FederalUnion and the Supreme Court of the United States,but pray tell me, how will that avail anything toelevate, politically, socially, morally or religiously,the black men of the Commonwealth? You maydenounce the State of South Carolina because shewill not permit the black citizens of Massachusettsto enter her State, except at the risk of imprisonment;but, gentlemen, does this avail anything forthe black man here? I protest not; and I declareto you, gentlemen of the House of Representatives,that the people of the Commonwealth demand atyour hands more practical legislation than this.  Nor, let it be imputed to me, that because I amopposed to the agitation of this subject, I have notsympathies as warm as any man for all who suffer.or are oppressed. Sir, not merely from party association,but from the natural instincts of my ownheart, I am a Democrat. So far as I can, I woulddo every thing to elevate, to improve, to educate theblack man, here and elsewhere. But I do believe,gentlemen, that it is idle, that it is disrespectful tothe Commonwealth, while there are such untold laborsto be performed by this Legislature, for us towaste the time on these fanciful questions. I rise,therefore, for the purpose of submitting a motionthat, when the question is taken, it be taken byyeas and nays, in order that the people of the Commonwealthmay know who the Representatives arewho are disposed to continue, throughout the session,a constant and useless agitation of the slaveryquestion. 
