 PORTLAND, JUNE 4, 1853. ORTLAND UNE MR. GARRISON: R. ARRISON I wish to offer to your readers a few remarks on theHon. HORACE MANN'S letter of May 20th, published inTHE LIBERATOR of June 3d. Mr. Mann wishes whoevermay write on the subject to give his name. Thepublic are welcome to know the name of the writer ofwhatever comes from my pen, so far as the name is ofsay value in strengthening or weakening an argument.Some readers, however, may and do decide the valueof an agreement solely upon the fact of authorship. ORACE ANN'S HE IBERATOR If Mr. Mann had token the ground that the Constitutionis anti-slavery, I had been silent, with whatevercause he might have argued it. This he has not done,that argues on the presumption and supposition that itis pro-slavery; and if, in his next letter, he takes theanti-slavery interpretation, it will not affect the logic ofhis last letter. As excellent writer on Logic uses the following language:— Mathematicians, in all their writings, follow this method: 1. They fix the meaning of their words, definingtheir terms each in its place, and make it an invariablerule never afterwards to use any term but in the senseto which it is limited by their definition. invariable 2. They lay down the axioms which they will haveoccasion to use in the course of their work. 3. They add their postulate, (uncontradictable propositions,)which also they demand to be granted as evidenceof themselves. 4. They then demonstrate their propositions, as faras may be, affirmatively; contenting themselves withthis rule, that whatsoever they have to prove, they takecare to prove it from some truths that have been grantedor proved before.' grantedor proved before.' Thus Mathematics is made an exact logic, from whose there is no escape.  Mr. Mann starts fair with the first point. He says,When I speak of voting, I mean voting, office-holding,oath-taking, and all; and when I speak of government,I mean both governments, State and National. Thissense take of brevity.' So far, so good. Mr. Manndefines the term 'voting,' as to the object of the presentdiscussion, and says it means oath-taking and all; andif that we have to do is to stick to it like mathematics. voting oath-taking I must pass over the first two columns of Mr. Mann'sletter, for brevity's sake; and before I begin to touchhis argument, it is necessary to lay down an axiom indispensablein the present discussion; for Mr. Mann isarguing the case with non-voters, who hold the Constitutionto which he swears by his vote to be pro-slavery;which he must admit, in order to give the argumentany weight.  Axiom: That whoever votes, takes anoath to support the Constitution under which he votes,and in so doing, swears to support every part of the instrument,individually and collectively. When a manmean to support the Constitution of the United States,he will not deny that he swears that 'no person shallbe deprived of life, liberty or property without due processof law'; and he cannot logically deny that heas swears that 'no person held to service or labor inthe State, under the laws thereof, escaping into another,shall, in consequence of any law or regulation thereinbe discharged from such service or labor; but shallbe delivered up, on claim of the party to whom suchService or labor may be due.' Certainly, if he swearssome one, he swears to the other, and voting and oathingare the same. non-voters Postulata: That by 'persons held to service or labor,'terms are meant and understood. That it is right for the subject under foreign disposersto match and enjoy whatever privilege the rulerallows—rights of trade, the mail, of the public coinage,the courts,' &c. &c. We will proceed to try the argument in accordancewith the definition axioms and necessary informers. Mr. Mann says, 'Now, it may be owing to my blindnessobtuseness, but I was never able to see but one of an argument why a man who thinks hecan honestly enjoy all the privileges which the wickednessof governments may concede, should refuse to enjoythis highest of all privileges—the right of being a partof the government itself.'  As I have always entertained a high respect and essentialfor Mr. Mann, I must concede all the benefit thathe can derive from this self-depreciation, rather thanconsider it the effect of perverseness. The question isnot whether the non-voter in conscientious, but whetherhe is logical; whether his conclusions result withmathematical certainty from the admitted and acknowledgedpremises. Had Mr. Mann assumed andproceeded upon the fact that the Constitution is anti-slavery,'to all intents, purposes and constructionswhatsoever,' I might yield the argument, without considereither blindness or obtuseness, but might submitby simply exclaiming— 'Optics sharp it needs, I ween,To see what is not to be seen.'  When Mr. Mann speaks of its being innocent to enjoyall the privileges which the wickedest government may to the subject, I presume he means only suchpriviledges as are just and right, and not privileges tocommit crime and to do injustice. Unless he speakswith this limitation, his inference is not true; and if he, it is not sound. Cannot Mr. Mann see any reasonwhy the subject, who thinks he may innocently enjoyall the just privileges which a wicked government mayconcede to him, should refuse to become that wickedgovernment, if the opportunity offered; and if he canperceive a good reason for such refusal, cannot he perceivean equally good reason for his refusing to becomea part of that wicked government, if he must previouslyswear to do its wickedness in order to become a partthereof?  And can he see no reason why he should refuse to swear, if any case he does not mean to fulfil his?   become that wicked   It appears to me that I might leave the whole subjectwith your readers without another word; but I wishto notice a few more of Mr. Mann's illustrations, whichwithout any intentional disrespect, I might more properlynominate obfuscations. Mr. Mann puts forth a number of categories, as self-precedentpropositions, from which he arrives at the concern,as necessary inferences, that we may innocentlyswear to support a Constitution which requires us todo what he and we are predetermined we never will do. 'When King John summoned his first Parliament,'asks Mr. Mann, 'could a man vote then? When, lessthan a thousand years ago, slaves were bought and soldin England as they are now in Virginia, could a manvote then, in order to arrest the traffic? When theStuarts revived the old doctrine of Divine Right, andcame near enforcing it upon the people and Parliament,could a man vote or hold office then, to establish thethrone of William of Orange? Or, to look at the otheraspect of the case, could Clarkson give a vote or Wilberforcebe a member of the House of Commons, for thevery purpose of mitigating the horrors of the slavetrade, and finally of abolishing that traffic itself—couldthey do this, I say, without damnable sin? And ifthey, then and there, why not we, here and now?' Nothing is easier to be answered than this last question,and in such a manner as to put the whole advancecorps of categories to instant flight. If, when King John's first Parliament assembled,they were first obliged to swear that they would sustainKing John in one half his villainies, before they couldvote to pass any measure for the welfare of the nation,whether they meant to fulfil the oath or not, they wereguilty of a damning sin; and if Clarkson and Wilberforcewere compelled to swear, and by voting did swear,to continue the piratical traffic in slaves, in order toobtain power to abolish it, and did or did not intend tofulfil the oath, they committed 'a damnable sin'; andthe Parliament were compelled, in order to establish theHouse of Orange, to swear in advance, and by theirvotes did swear, to support the claims of James II. andthe divine right of kings, whether they did or did notmean to abide by the oath—especially if they did not—they were guilty of 'a damnable sin.' But can any oneshow that they were obliged to do so? If they were,their case was parallel to ours. They were not so compelled.Their vote was no such oath. They were notsubjected to the ordeal of any such Proorustean-bedsteadas the Constitution of the United States. Theycould vote without an oath to do the thing they abhorredand were resolved to overthrow. But before Mr.Mann or you can get the political power, and in thevery act of exercising that power, to repeal the FugitiveSlave Law and abolish the traffic, he or you mustswear that fugitive slaves shall be delivered up, onclaim of the party to whom such service or labor maybe due; and that, too, with a predetermination never tofulfil the oath. Their vote oath. shall be delivered up, onclaim of the party to whom such service or labor maybe due; 'But let me drive this argument home with one blowmore.' If the slaves could obtain the right to vote, andall their other disabilities should remain, nothing but'blindness' or 'obtuseness' would justify one slave invoting to obtain all his other rights, if that vote was anoath that all the existing disabilities of slaves shouldremain for an indefinite period, and that he would supportthe instrument by which these disabilities werecontinued, though predetermined never to fulfil theoath. Mr. Mann appears to think that there is annihilationin this interrogative, and so there is—to his ownside of the discussion. But I cannot trespass on your columns, and yourreaders' patience, by noticing in their order each oneof Mr. Mann's simoon periods, which appear as if theywere designed to blind, stifle and astonish the reader,rather than convince him. I can only notice one moreof Mr. Mann's point of argument. It will be sufficient,however, as it covers the whole ground. 'But let us see where this moral partnership in ourwicked government begins and ends. There is thevoting by which the officers of government are elected;the oath-taking by which they are qualified for the dutiesof their office; and then the performance of thoseduties for the benefit of the people. How can thesesuccessive acts be philosophically or morally separatedfrom each other? If nobody would buy public lands oraccept a pension, the whole public land system and PensionBureau would be swept away at once. These officersare appointed and their oaths administered for noother purpose but to issue land warrants and pay pensions.Can I take either warrant or pension from anofficer who would not have been in existence but for mysake and such as me? Can I require of him to showme his commission, in order to see that it is countersignedby the devil, and so all right, (for without ocularinspection of the devil's sign-manual, I would notemploy him, but leave him at once,) and then, havingconsummated the transaction, turn round and say Ihad nothing to do with voting for the appointment orthe oath-taking of that functionary, but only withthe money and the land! * * * * And I cannot seewhy, if it is wicked to elect a man to office, it is not aswicked to stand waiting impatiently till he is qualifiedby taking a heaven-defying oath, and then employ him.The truth is, the election, qualification and functions ofan officer are part of the same whole. Politicallyspeaking, I cannot separate the duties of an officer,postmaster, custom-house officer, or any other, from thevoting that authorized the performance, of the duties,and the oath-taking that qualified him to performthem.' Here is Mr. Mann's strongest point, in meeting anddisposing of which, we meet and dispose of his wholeargument, from beginning to end. This appears to me to be a confounding and amalgatingof all moral distinctions. It is admitted that thedevil is at the head of the government, and that allthe subordinate and coordinate parts are the devil'scompeers and agents. Now, does a right thing becomewrong because (from some known or unknown motive)the devil permits it? No. If the devil, having thesupreme power, requires that I should worship himand not God, and exercises that power to inflict painsand penalties in case of disobedience, I must worshipGod,(as did Daniel,) and brave the penalty. But supposethe devil deems it expedient to exercise toleration,and grants a charter by which all persons may worshipaccording to the dictates of their own consciences ortheir own interests. Shall I not therefore worship God,because the devil recognizes interest and conscience asequals, or because the devil waives his power of inflictingthe penalty? And is there no damnation betweenGod-worship and devil-worship, because the devil permitsit? But suppose some agent of the devil, dissatisfiedwith the act of toleration, who finds the worshipof God to conflict with his own interest, comes forwardand demands, in the devil's name, that this worshipshall stop, and says it is against the law. I answer,'An act of toleration has bean passed.' He denies it.I draw the parchment from my pocket, and show him'the devil's sign-manual,' and am permitted to continueworship without being punished. Now, can Mr. Mann see no difference between mythus enjoying my just privilege of performing my dutyto God, and voting for the devil to be President of theUnited States, with an oath—-that I do not mean to keep—to do the devil's bidding? To buy land, receivepensions, and have and use post-offices, are not melumin se, whether the functions of the office are performedby saint or sinner, any more then buying and sellingbeef end mutton. 'Those officers are appointed, andtheir oaths administered, for no other purpose than toissue land warrants and pay pensions.' Very good;those are things just and right in themselves, andtherefore we may buy land and receive pensions, thoughthey be the devil's agents to do these right things andnothing else. Bat they take the oath. True, in orderto enjoy the benefits of the appointment to do theseright things, they swear to do a wrong thing, whichthey may or may not intend to keep when the occasioncomes; and herein they are wrong. If nobodywould take the oath, these officers would not be appointed,which would produce great inconvenience in regardto pensions; but men could settle on the public lands,and, with some inconveniences, maintain their claimsafterwards, in various ways, as these things have beendone before; and if no postmasters, in order to distributethe mail, and nothing else, would take the oathto surrender fugitive slaves—which is no part of theirofficial duty—we could have no government mail; butwe could then have a private mail, just as efficient,which might result in a different oath, as a similar enterprisedid in the reduction of postage. But theirtaking an oath to do a wrong thing, which is no partof their official duty, bat a trick of the government tobind them to the Juggernaut of Slavery, no more identifiesme with their oath, because I employ them to dothe right things of their office, than sending a letter tomy sister in New Orleans, by her husband, who is aslaveholder, makes me a partaker in the slave traffic. melumin se Mr. Mann perceives that men have, from the state ofserfs under absolute despotism, pushed their way tothe attainment of their highest right of self-governmentby the ballot. How did they accomplish all this withoutvoting, before that right was acquired? What menhave done, men can do, especially when governed byhigh, intelligent, unyielding moral considerations. He'would not sit as a magistrate under the Fugitive SlaveLaw to save his life'; and yet he thinks that would bean infinitely less offence before God and man than toneglect or refuse to vote. I have nothing to do withMr. Mann's conscience, but only with his logic. Hedoes not believe that men governed by the highest moralconsiderations could form a better government thanthe present, because without these moral considerationsit never was done. I must close, lest I become wearisome,though the materials are plentiful for a greatlyextended examination. D.S. GRANDIN. 
