 [Boston Correspondence of the Anti-Slavery Standard.] THE ARGUMENT.—The Correspondent magnifieth theTwenty-First of June—And why—He proposeth anew Fast Day—He feareth the Courier—He bowethbefore Mr. Mann—He quoteth his P.S.—He treatethof the Natural History of Hyenas—He praiseththem—He showeth their analogy to Sigma—Hespeculateth as to Mr. Mann's demise—He describeththe effect of the P.S.—He giveth Mr. Mann creditfor Courage—He thinketh him hard to please—He commenteth on Mr. Mann's Letter, and waxethdidactic and a trifle dull—He promiseth to bestowsome more tediousness on the readers, in a certaincontingency, &c. &c. &c. HE RGUMENT. The Correspondent magnifieth theTwenty-First of June—And why—He proposeth anew Fast Day—He feareth the Courier—He bowethbefore Mr. Mann—He quoteth his P.S.—He treatethof the Natural History of Hyenas—He praiseththem—He showeth their analogy to Sigma—Hespeculateth as to Mr. Mann's demise—He describeththe effect of the P.S.—He giveth Mr. Mann creditfor Courage—He thinketh him hard to please—He commenteth on Mr. Mann's Letter, and waxethdidactic and a trifle dull—He promiseth to bestowsome more tediousness on the readers, in a certaincontingency, &c. &c. &c. BOSTON, June 21, 1853. OSTON 'The famous Twenty-first of June!' that LordByron sung of, once. Famous for being the longestday in the year, and forever glorious as the day ofthe month when the slaveholders, at Baltimore,gave Mr. Webster his reward for his treason of the7th of March, 1850. Let it never be said that theabolitionists are unwilling to allow the slaveholderstheir due. Be their praises forever, on this day, inall our mouths. I once proposed, I believe, (or ifI didn't, I do now,) that the 21st of June be heldas a Feast, called, perhaps, All Slaveholders' Day,on which nothing shall be said in disparagement ofany of that Guild, but every thing that can bescraped together in their praise, because of thatgreat, glorious, transcendent Act of Justice? ThatOne Virtue redeemed a Thousand Crimes. It isno wonder that he slunk, broken-hearted, to Marshfield,and died. Turned out, rejected and ridiculedby the men, to conciliate whose favor he had madehimself perdurably infamous, what better thingcould he have done? But I must take care, or the Boston Courier will,call me 'a hyena' again. Indeed, I suppose I mustbe one, for the Hon. Horace Mann, in a P.S. to aletter he wrote last week to the Liberator, declaresthat this honorary title, thus bestowed, (not originallyself-assumed, as he supposes—amended, only,on my motion, by inserting the word 'laughing'before the word 'hyena,') was unanimously confirmedby the whole Nation. Perhaps you wouldlike to see what he says. Here it is. After disposingof other persons who have had the assuranceto criticise his part of the controversy with Mr.Phillips, he goes on:— Courier Liberator 'D.Y., the correspondent of the Anti-SlaveryStandard, intimated a less amiable excuse for himself,when lately, in a moment of self-conscious recognition,he suggested for himself the name of 'the laughinghyena.' And all the people shouted, 'Amen!' Anti-SlaveryStandard 'Now, I have no fault to find with the place inNatural History which has been thus unanimouslyassigned to me. Hyenas are animals that performa useful purpose in the world, or they would not havebeen made. They may not be generally popular,(differing from me in that particular, at least;)but they are not without their uses. Mr. Mann, Idare say, speaks from experience. He may havehad a convincing taste of my quality. But in orderto have been qualified to judge of it, he trust himselfhave undergone an important change. Youknow that a Hyena resembles the late lamentedSigma in one thing—that his are 'Dealings withthe Dead,' only. If Mr. Mann has found himselfself a subject for the manipulation (or unguipulation)of a hyena, he must have been firstdead. Now, I, and many others, knew this melancholyfact. And I had a shrewd suspicion thatCock Robin himself knew that he had been killed,and also who killed him. And here he confessesthe former under his own sign manual. Perhapsthere may be a reasonable difference of opinion onthe last point. An impartial Coroner's Jury (demedictate, say half Whigs and half Democrats)might, perhaps, hesitate as to the verdict—whetherit should be one of Mann-slaughter against Mr.Phillips, or of Felo de se against that unfortunategentleman himself. Dead dead. demedictate Mann-slaughter Felo de se One consequence, however, that Postscript hashad. Of course, everybody reads the P.S. of aletter first, and every confirmed novel-reader (ofwhich intelligent fraternity I have been an unworthymember from say earliest days) reads the lastchapter first of all, and infers from that whether itis worth while to begin at the beginning. Now, Imust confess that I had not read Mr. Mann's letterin the Liberator of June 3d, (and, of course, notthat of June 17th,) until I had read this Postscripturn. I had not formed so high an opinion of hislogic or his rhetoric from his Phillips Letters as tobe very curious as to what he could say on anysubject that did not make him angry enough to bediverting. I had the best of intentions as to readingit, but am afraid they might have gone withtoo many others of mine to pave an unmentionableplace, had it not been, for this stimulus. I haveread them both now, and I must say, that theyhave shown Mr. Mann to possess a quality whichhis mislikers have denied-him. They affirm thatMr. Mann, when not put off his guard by his passions,is sly, cautions, calculating, prudent to thevery verge of that virtue. I think they must reconsidertheir opinion, should they read these twoletters. Surely, to write and publish them, as hehimself says, 'under his own name, and datedfrom his own home,' shows an intrepidity, a couragebordering on desperation, in one who has beena lawyer, and who has tried to be a statesman, forwhich I had never given him credit. He says, indeed,that 'controversy is uncongenial to his nature.His faculties will not work in it.' I cannotbut think that Mr. Mann has a just self-knowledgeon this latter point, though there may be a diversityof opinion as to the first. I should advise himto apply his faculties in some other direction. Hehas, clearly, mistaken his mission. At any rate,however it may have been in the time past of hislife, I think it highly probable that he will 'loathecontroversy' for the tune to come. He has certainlyhad reason to. Liberator Postscripturn. I do n't know how far Mr. Mann may considerthese remarks as coming within the purview ofhis paragraph deprecating a Rejoinder—for that isthe meaning of it, it strikes me, when done intoEnglish.' But he is very hard to please, and Ihardly know how to frame my remarks in a wayto suit him. For instance, in his controversy withMr. Phillips, he claimed the last word as his right;and yet when Mr. Phillips gave it to him, and retiredfrom the field, leaving him to say what heliked last, he construes it into a flight and an acknowledgmentof his victory! And he has n'tceased singing anthems to himself, from that timeto this! I wonder what he would have said if Mr.Phillips had refused, instead of according, his demandof being heard last! But I do n't mean toanswer him—only to point out one or two thingsthat don't need answering. The greatest part of his letter is consumed inarguing points which we Garrisonians have neverdenied. Of course, human government is necessarilyimperfect, and equally, of course, all governments,even the worst, do many good things.Our scruple is this: Can men believing that theConstitution of the United States sustains slavery,as an integral part of itself, swear to support thatConstitution, and yet not do what the Constitutionrequires for the support of slavery, when properlycalled upon to do it? Is it honest or right to swearto do what we never mean to do? The question isnot, at all, how we can do the most good, even tothe slave; but what do honesty and honor requireof us, as individuals? I hold that I have noright to take a place of power and profit, which Ican only get by swearing to do certain things,when I am fully resolved never to do them. Itlooks to me like obtaining goods on false pretences.Mr. Mann's history is not in the least in point.Wilberforce and Buxton did a good work in Parliament,and Clarkson and Macaulay supportedthem; but there is no parallelism between the cases,unless Mr. Mann can show that these men thoughttheir government inherently and fundamentally bad,and that they themselves were bound to do thingswicked in themselves by taking part in it. Ofcourse, they had no such opinion. I presume Mr.Phillips would have no scruple about sitting inParliament, were he an Englishman, for Parliamentis the Constitution. A more parallel casewould be that of the Catholics before Emancipation.Might the Duke of Norfolk and Daniel ()'—Connell, as men of honor and honesty, take theoaths of Supremacy and Abjuration, for the sakeof getting into Parliament, because they could doso much good there? They thought not. Mr. Mann,I suppose, must think they were wrong in refusing.Every man must be the judge of how muchwrong he will do, on Mr. Mann's theory of politicalmorals, (knowing all the time that it iswrong, for that is our assumption,) in order to dosuch and such good things. I do not see why Mr.Mann's argument is not quite broad enough tocover Mr. Webster and Commissioner Curtis. Whyhad they not a right to decide how much wrongthey would do in order to save the Union? Mr.Mann has wasted a good deal of indignation, onone side or the other. thoughttheir government inherently and fundamentally bad not. Mr. Mann seems incapable of perceiving anydifference between submitting to laws and makingand executing them, though he could understandit, if I am not mistaken, when he needed thedistinction for his own use, as to the Fugitiveslave law, in Congress. We think that takingpart in a government, like ours, making laws undera written Constitution, is executing them, oragreeing to execute them when called on. Livingunder the government and submitting to laws, becausewe can't help ourselves, we consider innocent.But Mr. Mann takes it for granted that livingunder a government is the same thing as votingand taking office under it, and his argument rests,mainly, on this assumption. It is a fine specimenof arguing, in a circle. And it is as perfect a justificationof the Whigs and Democrats in theircourse as of the Free Soilers, if they think they cando more good by a pro-slavery than an anti-slaverycourse. They are the judges, and not Mr. Mann. they think We may condemn them, for we assume the inherentwickedness of slavery; accept the usual constructionof the Constitution, that certain clausesrelate to slavery; and then refuse to swear to supportit, by ourselves or our attorneys, simply becausewe don't mean to support it, and do meanto break it, in these particulars, as often as wehave a chance. This may not be great Statesmanship;but, I must say, it looks to me like commonsense and common honesty. The consequences arenone of our business. Toe slaves have no rightto ask me to tell a falsehood, or do a wrong act, toset them free to-morrow. And I hold returningfugitive slaves, or swearing to return them, or notto resist their return, to be very wicked things.And swearing to do these things, not intending todo them, after I have had the consideration, if notas wicked, is wicked enough, and much meaner.Our whole political morality lies in a nutshell.We do not mean to make promises which we donot mean to perform. I do not see anything inMr. Mann's whole letter of June 3d that touchesthis scruple; and, yet, it is the only point in disputebetween us. But I have taken up more than my share ofroom without reaching Mr. Mann's last letter.Perhaps I may something about it, next time—especiallyif the weather be as hot as it is to-day;for it is mighty easy writing.—-D.Y. 
