 I have a suggestion to make to my friend opposite,[Mr. Wilson,] in regard to the form of hisproposition, which, if he will accept it, will, as itseems to me, absolutely remove his propositionfrom the criticism of my most eloquent friend beforeme, [Mr. Choate,] and from the criticism ofother gentlemen who nave addressed the Convention.I suggest to him to strike out the word'militia,' and substitute therefor the words 'militarycompanies,' so that his proposition will read'that in the organization of the volunteer militarycompanies of the Commonwealth, there shall be nodistinction of color or race.' Mr. WWILSON. I accept the suggestion, and willamend my proposition accordingly. WILSON. Mr. SUMNER. Now that proposition, as amended,I submit, is absolutely consistent with the Constitutionof the United States, and, I believe, inconformity with the public sentiment of Massachusetts. UMNER. A brief inquiry will show that it is consistentwith the Constitution of the United States, and inno respect interferes with the organization of theNational Militia. That Constitution provides 'fororganizing, arming and disciplining a militia, andgives Congress full power over the subject. To bemore explicit, I will read the clause. It is foundin the lone list of enumerated powers of Congress,and is as follows:—'Congress shall have power toprovide for organizing, arming and disciplining themilitia, and of governing such part of them asmay be employed in the service of the United States,reserving to the States respectively the appointmentof the officers, and the authority of trainingthe militia, according to the discipline prescribedby Congress.' And then at the close of the sectionit is further declared 'that Congress shall make alllaws which shall be necessary and proper for carryinginto execution the foregoing powers.' alllaws which shall be necessary and proper In pursuance of this power, Congress have proceededby various laws, 'to provide for organizing,arming and disciplining the militia, and for governingsuch part of them as may be engaged in theservice of the United States.' The earliest ofthese laws, which is still in force, is entitled, 'Anact more effectually to provide for the national defence,by establishing an uniform militia throughoutthe United States.' [Act of May 8th, 1792, ch.33.] This has been followed by several acts inaddition thereto. Congress, then, have undertakento exercise the power of 'organizing' the militiaunder the Constitution. establishing an uniform And here the question arises, to what extent, ifany, this power, when already exercised by Congress,is exclusive in its character. Among thepowers delegated to Congress, there may be somewhich are not for the time being, exercised. Forinstance, there is the power 'to fix the standardof weights and measures.' Practically this hasnever been exercised by Congress; but it has beenleft to each State within its own jurisdiction. Onthe other hand, there is a power belonging to thesame group, 'to establish uniform laws on the subjectof bankruptcies throughout the United States,'which, when exercised by Congress, has been heldso far exclusive, as to avoid at once all the bankruptand insolvent laws of the several States. Sir, I might go over all the powers of Congress,and find constant illustration of the subject. Forinstance, there is the power 'to establish an uniformrule of naturalization,' on which Chief JusticeMarshall once remarked:—'That the power ofnaturalization is exclusively in Congress, does notseem to be, and certainly ought not to be controverted.'There is the power 'to regulate commercewith foreign nations and among the severalStates,' which was early declared by the SupremeCourt to be exclusive, so as to prevent the exerciseof any part of it by the States. There is thepower over patents and copyrights, which has alsobeen regarded as exclusive. So, also, is the power'to define and punish piracies and felonies, committedon the high seas, and offences against thelaw of nations.' So; also, is still another power,viz.: 'to establish post-offices and post-roads.' Allof these powers, as in the case of the power overthe National Militia, have been exercised by Congress,and even if not absolutely exclusive in theiroriginal character, have become so by the exercise. exclusively Now, sir, upon what ground do gentlemen makeany discrimination in the case of the power overthe national militia? I know of no ground whichseems to be tenable. It is natural that the Statesshould desire to exercise this power, since it wasso important to them before the Union; but I donot see how any discrimination can be maintainedat the present time. Whatever may have been theoriginal importance of the militia to each State,yet when the Constitution of the United Stateswas formed, and Congress exercised the powerdelegated to it over this subject, the militia of theseveral States was absorbed into one uniform body,organized, armed, and disciplined as the NationalMilitia. To the States respectively was left, accordingto the express language of the Constitution,'the appointment of the officers and the authorityof training the militia, according to the disciplineprescribed by Congress.' To this we may add theimplied power of 'governing' them when in theservice of the State. This is all. The distinctspecification of certain powers, as reserved to theStates, seems to exclude them from the exercise ofall others, which are not specified or clearly implied.In other words, they are excluded from all powerover the 'organizing, arming, and disciplining themilitia,'—at least after Congress have undertakento enact laws for this purpose. The history of the adoption of the several partsof this clause in the Federal Convention reflectslight upon its true meaning. The first part, in regardto organizing, arming, and disciplining themilitia, was passed by a vote of nine States againsttwo; the next referring the appointment of officersto the States, after an ineffectual attempt to amendit by confining the appointment to officers underthe rank of general officers, was passed without adivision; and the last, reserving to the States theauthority to train the militia, according to the disciplineprescribed by Congress, was passed by avote of seven States against four. It seems, then,that there was a strong opposition in the Convention,even to the express reservation to the Statesof 'the authority of training the militia.' Butthis power is not reserved unqualifiedly. TheStates are to train the militia 'according to thediscipline prescribed by Congress;' not according toany discipline determined by the States, or by theStates concurrently with the General Government;but absolutely according to the discipline prescribed byCongress; nor more, nor less; thus distinctly recognizingthe exclusive character of the legislationof Congress on this subject. discipline prescribed according to the discipline prescribed byCongress; This interpretation derives confirmation from themanner in which the militia of England was constitutedor organized at the time of the adoption ofthe Federal Constitution. To the crown was giventhe 'sole right to govern and command them,'though they were 'officered' by the Lord Lieutenantof the county, the deputy Lieutenant, andother principal landholders of the county. Thecommentaries of Sir William Blackstone, fromwhich this description is drawn, were familiar tothe members of the Convention; and it is reasonableto suppose that in the distribution of powersbetween the General Government and the States, onthis subject, the peculiar arrangement which prevailedin the mother country was not disregarded. 'sole right If it should be said that the adoption of thisconclusion would affect the character of many lawsenacted by States, and thus far recognized asancillary to the National Militia, it may be repliedthat the possibility of these consequences cannotjustly influence our conclusions on a question whichmust be determined by acknowledged principles ofconstitutional law. In obedience to these same principles,the Supreme Court, in the case of Prigg vs.Pennsylvania, have pronounced an opinion, whichhas annulled a large number of statutes in differentStates. Mr. Justice Wayne in this case said:'That the legislation by Congress upon the provision,as the supreme law of the land, excludes all Statelegislation on the same subject; and that no State canpass any law or regulation, or interpose such asmay have been a law or regulation when the Constitutionof the United States was ratified, to superaddto, control, qualify, or impede a remedy enactedby Congress for the delivery of fugitive slavesto the parties to whom their service or labor is due.' Prigg vs.Pennsylvania excludes all Statelegislation on the same subject; to superaddto Without the sanction of any express words in theConstitution, and chiefly, if not solely, in view ofthe importance of consulting 'unity of purpose oruniformity of operation' in the legislation withregard to fugitive slaves, they have excluded theStates from all sovereignty in the premises. Now if this rule be applicable to the power overfugitive slaves, it is also applicable to the powerover the militia. Indeed, I know of no powerwhich so absolutely requires what has been regardedas an important criterion, 'unity of purpose oruniformity of operation,' as that over the militia.No true military organization can spring from oppositeor inharmonious systems; and all systemsproceeding from different sources are liable to beopposite or inharmonious. Now, sir, let us apply this reasoning in the matterin hand, that we may arrive at a just conclusion.In Massachusetts, there now exists, and has for along time existed, an anamolous system, familiarlyand loosely described as the Volunteer Militia, notcomposed absolutely of those enrolled under thelaws of the United States, but a smaller, moreselect and peculiar body.' Now it cannot be doubtedthat the State, by virtue of its police powers withinits own borders, would have power to constituteor organize a body of volunteers, to aid in enforcingits laws. But it does not follow that it will havepower to constitute or organize a body of volunteers,who shall be regarded as a part of the NationalMilitia. And, sir, I make bold to say thatthe volunteer militia—I prefer to call it the volunteermilitary companies—cannot be regarded as apart of the National Militia. It is no part of thatuniform militia which it was the object of the earlyAct of Congress to organize. 'It may appear to bea part of this system—it may affect to be; but, Isubmit, it is a mistake to suppose that it is so inany just constitutional sense. police powers volunteers uniform militia As a local system, disconnected from the nationalmilitia, and not in any way constrained by itsorganization, it is within our jurisdiction. We arefree to declare the principles which shall govern it.We may declare that, whatever may be the existinglaw of the United States with regard to its enrolledmilitia—and with this I propose no interference,because it would be futile—I say, Massachusetts,may proudly declare that, in her ownvolunteer military companies, marshalled under herown local laws, there shall be no distinction ofcolor or race. 
