 A highly important and instructive (!) letter,from the pen of Hon. Horace Mann, is publishedon our first page, in which that gentleman giveshis opinion in respect to voting under the Constitution,supposing it, in some sense, to support slavery.Like every thing else from Mr. Mann, thisletter is brilliant, eloquent and able. Its reasoningis powerful, and we see not how it can be answered.(!!) We shall, next week, lay before ourreaders another document from the same pen,which carries us gloriously (!!) to an ANTI-SLAVERYCONSTITUTION, by three distinct routes. (!!!) NTI LAVERY ONSTITUTION routes. !!! The first route is by the well-established andwell-understood rules of legal interpretation, asold as the science of law itself; this route conductsus unfailingly to an Anti-Slavery Constitution.The next is by a route a little less directthan the first, yet equally certain; it is contemporaneoushistory: this brings us, like the other, toan Anti-Slavery Constitution. The third is theplain, literal reading of the Constitution, whichdefies ingenuity itself to fasten slavery upon it.We shall publish this important letter next week. We look upon the Mann and Phillips' controversy,as the last serious one which we shall have onthe question of the propriety and rightfulness ofvoting under the Constitution. (!!!) Efforts topersuade abolitionists that it is a sin to vote forthe abolition of slavery, and that their true workis to dissolve the political Union between the confederatedStates, will, we trust, give place to efforts,more wisely directed, urging to the exercise,by the people, of all the moral, religious and politicalpower of the nation for the abolition of slavery.If this shall result from this controversy,it will not have been held in vain, and Mr. Mannwill have performed a most excellent work. The question whether an honest man can voteand hold office under the American Constitution,has been pressed by Mr. Garrison and his friendsduring the last ten years. They have held theConstitution to be 'a covenant with death and anagreement with hell,' and have, therefore, refusedto vote under it. The unsoundness of their conclusions,and the fallacies by which they havereached them, have been repeatedly exposed bysuch men as Lysander Spooner, Win. Goodell, AlvanStewart, and Gerrit Smith. Still, they haveheld on to their conclusions, and fancied themselvesto occupy what, in their humility, they arepleased to term 'HIGHER ROUND' than is occupiedby any other abolitionists beside. It is true thatslaveholders could ask no higher service from themthan that which they are promptly rendering;for what more do the slaveholders want than tohave the character of the Constitution, the characterof the great men who framed and adopted it,and the facts of history so perverted as to standbetween them and the terrible crime and scandalof slaveholding? They do not desire to be foundmore upright and just than the fundamental law ofthe land, or more virtuous than their revolutionaryfathers. The fact is, non-voting abolitionistshave been conscientiously weaving garments toshield the consciences of slaveholders during thelast ten years, claiming, all the while, that theyoccupy higher ground than all other opponents ofslavery. May we not now hope to hear no moreof it, in view of Horace Mann's extinguisher? (!!)—Frederick Douglass's Paper. Frederick Douglass's Paper. 
