 The Convention went into Committee of theWhole, Mr. SCHOULER of Boston in the Chair, forthe consideration of the report of the Committeeon the Militia, on the petition of John P. Coburnand others, 'that the laws may be so modified thatno able-bodied male citizen may be forbidden orprevented from serving, or holding office or commissionin the militia on account of his color.'Upon the petition, the Committee reported— CHOULER 'That, in the opinion of the Committee, this Conventioncannot incorporate into the Constitution of Massachusetts,any provision which shall conflict with thelaws of the United States, and cannot therefore act inaccordance with the request of the petitioners. But,inasmuch as the present organization of the militia of theCommonwealth is founded upon a system of voluntary,and not of compulsory, service, a service not contemplatedby the laws of the United States, and as this systemauthorizes "the commander-in-chief, who may beauthorized, the mayor and aldermen of any city, or theselectmen of any town in the Commonwealth, to grantpetitions for raising companies at large, provided thewhole number of these companies shall not exceed onehundred and twenty," [1840, sec. 12. and 1848, chap.84, see. 4,] and as no reference is, in this provision ofthe law, made to color, the committee believe the wholesubject to be within the control and authority of the officersjust named. They therefore advise that it is inexpedientto act thereon.' Mr. WHITNEY of Boylston moved to strike outthe report, and insert instead a resolution, thatin the future enrolment of the militia of this Commonwealth,no distinction shall be made on accountof color. This amendment, after a brief debate,was rejected, 74 to 99, and the report was accepted.The Committee then rose and reported progress. HITNEY In Convention, Mr. WILSON of Natick moved tostrike out the last sentence of the report, and insertinstead the words— ILSON Resolved, That no distinction shall ever be made inthe organization of the volunteer militia of the Commonwealth,on account of color or race. Mr. WILSON supported his amendment in a briefspeech, arguing that nothing should be insertedin the Constitution that would have a tendency toabridge the rights and privileges of any citizen.Ho wanted the fundamental law so comprehensivethat all men, without distinction of race or color,might live under it. ILSON Mr. KEYES of Abington followed in support of theamendment. EYES Mr. BOUTWELL of Berlin, and Mr. ABBOTT ofLowell, opposed the amendment as being in directconflict with the Constitution. OUTWELL BBOTT Mr. OLIVER of Lawrence, Chairman of the MilitiaCommittee, defended the report. LIVER Mr. CHOATE of Boston said, that although he hadno very strong feeling upon the subject under discussion,he felt it his duty to say a word or two inaddition to what had already been said on the interestingmatter of national law, and the supposedconflict which was thought to arise, as developedby the proposition of the gentleman from Natick,[Mr. Wilson.] If the amendment meant merely toauthorize the Governor to organize a company ofmen in such a way as to place them beyond the effectof our criminal law, in consequence of suchorganization,—if it meant the withdrawing thesepersons from the operation of that part of ourcriminal code which would subject them to prosecutionfor riot,—if it meant to organize a mereand strictly insulated local police, forming no partof the militia of the nation, not coming withintheir name, not entitled to serve in their ranks,not subjected to the code of law by which they aregoverned—but a mere insulated and discriminatedlocal police—then there was no conflict at all, thathe (Mr. Choate) could see. But if it was proposedto make an organization which shall form any partof the national army, who shall stand upon theparade under the stars and stripes on an equalitywith the citizen soldiery of the land—he meant, hesaid, an equality under the law—forming a part ofthat institution, bearing its name, and subject toits regulation and control and discipline,—theamendment proposed was a manifest violation, hethought, of the Constitution of the United States.He differed with the gentleman from Marshfield(Mr. Sumner) and others, in the opinions whichthey had expressed upon the comparative and relativejurisdiction between the State of Massachusettsand the United States, in regard to this matterof the militia. The grant of power to the generalgovernment was not exclusive; that was perfectlywell established; and although Congress mayor may not have taken the matter in hand, yet, justso for as it left the ground uncovered, the Statesmay intervene and make a militia law of their own.Unless, therefore, you can raise a direct conflict inregard to this particular subject matter of ourlegislation and the legislation of Congress, there isno conflict at all. But with regard to the motionsubmitted by the gentleman from Marshfield, lastevening, he was prepared to show that it was unwarrantedby the Constitution of the UnitedStates. HOATE It was perfectly competent for this Commonwealth,in its constitutional capacity, in its relationto the Union, to make an organic law thatshall re-enact every provision in the Constitutionof the United States, and every provision in everylaw of the United States, upon the subject of themilitia—from the beginning to the end—yes, wemay re-enact it, we may legislate or ordain anauxiliary reference to it—we may do anything andeverything till we come to the point of direct conflict,and no further. There is not a word in theease of Prigg vs. Pennsylvania,—which had beenalluded to upon this point,—impugning this positionThe Prigg case stood alone, and would standalone till the end of our national time, an adjudicationupon the Fugitive Slave Law, and nothingelse. He could not adopt the doctrine, that thelegislation of the general government was exclusivein its nature until its acts. When it acts andcovers the matter, we cannot avoid it. We maygo up to it, we may go round it, but we cannotgo in conflict with a national law. In regard to the inquiry, as to what would bethe result of sending a colored commander-in-chiefat the head of the Massachusetts militia in responseto a notional call for military, the Attorney Generalsaid he found no difficulty in the solution ofthat question. The federal laws had furnished anapt answer. The general government had legislated,and bad covered the whole ground. It hadlegislated by definition—it had created a notionalmilitia—and had identified it and made it homogeneous;ascertained it particularly and practicallyin point of law, by prefixing the epithet 'white'.It has national legislation completely and exclusivelyof the entire subject matter, and hence itcomes to be merely a question as to what you willdo; it comes to be true by necessary consequence—perceived instantly by the gentleman from Natick,and not doubted even by the impassioned and eloquentgentleman from Abington, (Mr. Keyes)—itcomes to he the concession of every one, that thatis the fundamental and paramount and supreme law.If that be so, (said Mr. Choate,) whatever youdesire it may be worth, you can raise no coloredregiment or part of a regiment, that shall be of themilitia of the United States—none whatever. Itthen becomes a question what such a companywould be, and whether it was worth while to makeany provision for its organization. He would tellthe Convention what, in his judgment, the StateLegislature could constitutionally do—though perhapsit might be said it was not necessary to interferein the matter—and that was, that the Governormay authorize colored citizens to organize themselveswith arms in their hands, to procure the flagof our country, and march with a band of musicat their bead, without violating the provisions ofour criminal law in that respect. It may be ordainedthat such an organization, marching inour streets, shall not be taken and deemed to be ariot—that it is not such an organization as wouldproduce terror in the minds of those peaceablydisposed. But it is certain, that if they were togo upon parade and win Bunker Hills, yet theynever can be a part of the militia of the UnitedStates. No court martial can ever touch a hair oftheir head—no military court of the United Statescan come near them—no military court can knowthem or recognize them in any way; and whilethe white volunteer, who stands side by side withthe colored soldier, may look to one pension, andfeel that he is subject to one administration ofcriminal law, none of these things can appertainto any person of color. That was the difficulty.Whether humanity and. philanthropy would bepromoted by adopting the proposition which hadbeen offered, and what would be its effect uponthe white volunteer, he did not pretend to predict.Ho was not a military man, either in taste or spirit;but however strange it might sound to hear himsay so, he was a 'philanthropist and humaneman'; but he did not see his way clear on thepoint of utility. Nay more, he did not see howhe could do any thing for this colored race, by puttingthem in one of the high places of the Commonwealth,with weapons in their hands, and allowour glorious banner to throw around them allthe pomp and parade and condition of war; thecolor cleaves to them there, and on parade is onlythe more conspicuous. Gentlemen might differfrom him in the opinion he had expressed—on thatpoint he had nothing to say. He rose merely forthe purpose of attempting to clear the idea in regardto the relation of the Constitution and law ofthe United States to our laws, on this subject ofthe militia. He held that on that subject we do asmuch harm by giving to the general governmenttoo much power as too little. The true rule wasthe exact measure of right between both. He repeated,that by the exposition of the law, Congressgets no such exclusive power, but that we may armand train our militia just as we please; but heheld, that when we come to legislate and cover agiven ground, we cannot go beyond the Constitutionof the United States. 'white'.  Mr. WILSON of Natick asked the Attorney General,if, in his opinion, the law of the United Stateswould forbid the Governor of this Commonwealth,the commander-in-chief of the voluntary militia ofthis Commonwealth, to act as such, in calling themout to suppress a riot: and in connection withthese same questions, he also asked whether a coloredman may not be one of the volunteer militia. ILSON Mr. CHOATE answered, that the President of theUnited States had no power, perhaps not in anycase, to prohibit the Governor from doing this orthat. It was not the mode in which the generalgovernment exerted its jurisdiction on States, or onGovernors of States. But the difficulty was this:Suppose the President cannot prohibit, and thegovernment does call on such a company, what arethey when called out? The militia, or a part ofthe militia of the United States? Certainly not,as he viewed the law in reference to it. HOATE Mr. SUMNER of Marshfield suggested, that if thegentleman from Natick would modify his amendmentso as to insert instead of the word 'militia,'the words 'military companies,' the objections presentedby the Attorney General would be avoided,and our militia would be consistent with federal law. UMNER Mr. WILSON modified his resolution in the mannersuggested. ILSON Mr. HALLETT of Wilbraham expressed astonishmentat the views put forth by the member fromMarshfield. If volunteer 'military companies' didnot mean 'militia,' what did they mean? If theywere not the militia of the United States, we hadbeen improperly receiving, year after year, thesums of money payable in arms to the severalStates for military service. ALLETT Mr. WILSON asked the member from Wilbrahamwhat would be the consequence of sending a coloredcommander-in-chief, at the head of our Statemilitia, to the service of the United States? It wascompetent for Massachusetts to elect a coloredGovernor, and he would like to know what theUnited States would do about it, if this Stateshould send a colored chief officer to head her militia? ILSON Mr. HALLETT thought that the Attorney Generalhad already answered that question. If the gentlemanfrom Natick was not satisfied with the replyof the learned Attorney General, he (Mr. Hallett)would say, that if Massachusetts should send acolored commander-in-chief at the head of her militia,the United States would not recognize his authority,and would at once supersede him. Therewas law for this assertion—constitutional law—clear and well-defined. ALLETT Mr. BARTLETT of Boston thought the questionunder consideration a practical as well as a legalquestion. If it was desirable to have a colored organizationdistinct from the militia, but yet clothedwith power to carry arms, and in all respects assimilatingto a military organization—that was amatter of State right. But what was meant by'volunteer military companies'? Did the gentlemanfrom Marshfield mean a new theory hithertounknown in this Commonwealth? If he meantthat, the proposition ought to be distinctly statedto the Convention. Our volunteer system was partof the militia of the United States, and it was notcompetent to do any act that was manifestly inconsistentwith the national law. ARTLETT Mr. ABBOTT of Lowell, after saying that he hadconsulted with several gentlemen on the subject,and that they agreed with him to let this part ofour fundamental law remain untouched, moved tolay the report upon the table. BBOTT And this motion was sustained without a division. IN CONVENTION, June 21. N ONVENTION The resolves and articles of amendment on thesubject of the militia were taken up—question onfinal passage. Mr. WHITNEY, of Boylston, opposed the resolve,ridiculing the volunteer militia, as men engagedin childish amusement. He expressed himself apprehensiveof another war with Mexico, to bebrought about by the evil influence of slavery;but he would meet any foreign invasion by a peacefulproclamation, appealing to the common sentimentof humanity. He believed the adoption ofthese resolves would injure the Free Democraticparty, by alienating those in favor of peace doctrines. HITNEY Mr. KEYES, of Abington, considered the militiaas of some service in large towns, but was of opinionthat when brought into conflict with a foreignfoe, they were sometimes prone to 'devour thepaths of flight.' He would vote for those resolutions,because the times required them, and becausethe 'good time coming' had not yet come. EYES Mr. WILSON, of Natick, denied that this was anyboon granted to the militia. It was only carryingout what was already provided in the Constitutionand laws of the United States. He repudiated theidea of gaining or losing votes from any action onthis subject, believing that the militia, as such,would only obey orders, without discussing constitutionalquestions. He was in favor of peacemeasures, but would never abolish the militia tillevery tyrant on the earth should be put down,and the people should have their rights. ILSON Mr. FOSTER, of Charlemont, believed that it wasonly war that makes, and will continue to maketyrants, and that peace alone would put themdown. OSTER Mr. SUMNER, of Marshfield, contended that therewere too many of these resolutions, some conflictingwith the power of the General Government toorganize and discipline the militia, and some enteringinto details which should be left to the Legislature.He moved to amend by substituting resolvesproviding, 1st. That the Governor shall beCommander in Chief of the Army and Navy ofthe Commonwealth, and of the militia thereof exceptwhen these forces are actually in the serviceof the United States, and shall have power to callout the militia to execute the laws, suppress insurrection,or repel invasion. 2d. The appointmentof officers and the training of the militiashall be regulated in such manner as may hereafterbe deemed expedient by the Legislature; andall persons who from scruples of conscience maybe averse to bearing arms shall be excused there-from,upon conditions prescribed by law. UMNER 
