 TO THE EDITOR: DITOR SIR—I regret the decision you have come to, to excludethe discussion of American Slavery fromyour columns; and I do so for several reasons, withonly two of which shall I now trouble you. One ofthem is furnished by yourself. You say, 'We havereceived several communications relative to AmericanSlavery, which we regret we cannot insert.'This proves that many of your readers take an interestin the subject; and it is to be regretted that this interestcannot be extended through your columns.The other reason is, a renewed conviction on mymind, that the great body of Unitarians in theselands take so little interest in this great question ofhumanity, that its discussion in a Unitarian journalis voted to be out of place. This I deeply regret asI can see no value in Unitarianism apart fromheartfelt feelings of humanity. A sect which cannotbear the wailings of the slave, and berestless and uneasy until these wailings giveplace to the song of rejoicing, may as well minglewith the herd of common professors. The missionof such, for good, has ceased to be of any value.Teetotalism—Anti-War—Anti-Hanging—if theyspoke in earnest tones, would, I fear, be also voteda bore by such milk-and-water Christiana. WhenI read some of your stirring 'leaders,' I rejoiced inthe hope that a new and more earnest spirit was infusedinto the Inquirer, and that good fruit wouldbe the result. IR Inquirer Will you give this short notice a place, andoblige Yours, JAMES HAUGHTON. 35 Eccles st., Dublin, 15th March, 1849. P.S. Your correspondent 'An American Citizen,'quite applauds Miss Taylor's wet-blanket recommendation.See how naturally these defenders of man-stealersshake hands with English folk, who think wehave no right to meddle with their 'peculiar institution,'unless we have gloves on. [Our respect for Mr. Haughton induces us to insertthe foregoing letter. We must observe, however,that it illustrates the perversity of misinterpretationinto which the best men may be misled, whenthe judgment is carried away by the feelings. Wehave not said a syllable to warrant the suppositionthat we have come to a decision 'to exclude the discussionof American Slavery from our columns.'This is a figment of Mr. Haughton's imagination.We have said, and we repeat that the subject is onewith which an English journalist cannot properlyconcern himself, otherwise than incidentally. Whenthe current of events brings it naturally before him,he should testify, with all possible earnestness,against the flagrant enormity which stains the fairfame of America; but it would be mere folly andQuixotism to go on day after day, and week afterweek, preaching and declaiming against distantabuses, over which he and his readers have comparativelylittle power, whilst there is a crowd of socialevils which they might remove, surrounding them athome. Nor can we think that there is any proof ofindifference in dwelling more upon our own faultsand our own duties, than on those of our neighbors.The recent discussion on American Slavery arosenaturally out of the letters addressed to us by Mr.Hincks, whose long connection with the readers ofthe Inquirer gave peculiar interest to the impressionsproduced in his mind by a recent visit to the UnitedStates. We suffered that discussion to go on aslong as we thought it useful, and then stopped it,not in deference to the opinions of others, but simplybecause, according to our own judgment it hadproceeded far enough. We shall return to the subjectwhenever the occasion seems to us to call for it. incidentally. The communications which we declined to insert,and to which Mr. Haughton refers, included one fromMr. Haughton himself, and were of considerablelength. With all due respect for the writers, wemust observe, that their letters contained no newfacts—no new comments upon old facts, and no newforce or point in their mode of repeating old arguments.We therefore thought that our limitedspice might be better devoted to other matter.—ED.INQUIRER. D. NQUIRER. 
