 We remember how abolitionists used to ridiculethe idea of a Dissolution of the Union, and enterinto a grave argument to prove that there was nodanger of such an event But that was when its dissolutionwas urged as a means to sustain slavery, andwas a greater bugbear than it now is. But in thesedays the proposition comes from the other side, andis presented as a means for the overthrow of slavery.Even in former times, when, in relation to their dutyas members of the government, abolitionists sawas through a glass darkly, there were those who feltthat a continuance of slavery for a few years longerwould inevitably, lead to a rupture. Of such wasAmos A. Phelps. In a volume of lectures he publishedin 1834, after showing how improbable it wasthat the South would dissolve the Union, he thusproceeds:— 'I would say that the Union may as well perish inthe struggle for right, as in the continuance of its oppressions.For, to my mind, nothing is more certain thanthat the Union will perish, and at no distant period,unless it be saved by the timely abolition of slavery.There is but one path of safety. It is the path ofduty; and if we will not walk in it, our destiny, andthe destiny of the Union is sealed. If this Union isever severed, it will be severed by slavery perpetuated.In one form or another, slavery is now, and solong as it exists, will continue to be, the great and almostonly cause of collision between the South andthe North, and, as I have elsewhere said, will originatecollisions without end. This is the stone of ourstumbling and rock of offence. This is the great thefruitful source of danger. Every day it continues, itwaxes worse and worse, and becomes more and morefruitful of danger. It is constantly weakening thebonds of our Union, and, let alone, will soon severthem. The process of separation has virtually beengoing on for years. A few more collisions such aswe have already felt will complete it and such collisions,as long as slavery exists, cannot be avoided.They will come; and with them, sooner or later, willcome the severing of the Union. No other alternativeis before us, if we persist in our oppressions. If,then, we must have disunion, let us nave it in thestruggle for right rather than in the struggle forwrong. If we persist in the latter, we shall have itat all events. We can but have it by endeavoring theformer. Let us then risk the experiment. It is betterto die a penitent than to he smitten down as an incorrigibleand hardened offender.' that the Union may as well perish inthe struggle for right, as in the continuance of its oppressions. 
