 Jerrold's (London) News notices a new work, justpublished in London, entitled, 'The Western World;or, Travels in the United States in 1846-7: by A.Mackay, Esq., barrister-at-law.' 'It is a worthybook,' says the News,' full of sober sense, and plain,rational description.' It quotes a passage which wecopy; and a pretty story it is, too, for a barristerto go home and tell of the 'Model Republic '! 'At one end of the car in which I was seated, sata young man, very respectably dressed, but who borein his countenance those traces, almost indelible,which, long after every symptom of the color hasvanished, bespeak the presence of African blood inthe veins. The quantity which he possessed couldnot have been more than 12 1-2 per cent of his wholeblood, tinging his skin with a shade, just visible, andno more. If his face was not as white, it was, atall events, cleaner than many of those around him.I observed that he became very uneasy every timethe conductor came into the car, eyeing him withtimid glances, as if in fear of him. Divining thecause of this conduct. I determined to watch theissue, which was not delayed. By-and-by the conductorentered the car again, and, as if he had comefor the purpose, walked straight op to the poorwretch in question, and, without deigning to speakto him, ordered him out with a wave of his finger.The blood in a moment mounted to his temples, andsuffosed his whole face; bat resistance was vain;and with a hanging head and broken-hearted look,he left the carriage. He was not a slave; but not asoul reconstructed, not a whisper was heard in hisbehalf. The silence of all indicated their approvalof this petty manifestation of the tyranny of blood.These bold defenders of "life, liberty, and the pursuitof happiness," them chivalrous asserters of theDeclaration of Independence, looked with utter indifferenceon this practical violation of the "rightsof man." '"Served the d—-d nigger right," said a youngster,scarcely twenty, at the other end of the ,and those immediately around him laughed at theremark.  '"He'll know his place better nest time, theb—y mongrel!" said another; and the laugh wasrepeated. 'Curious to know what had been done with him, Isought the conductor, whom I found returning fromthe front part of the train. '"Blow me," said he, "if you can't regulate athousand of your out-and-out on pretending niggersmuch more easier than one of these compositiongentry; they think, because they have got a littlewhitewash on their ugly mugs, that they are thereal china, and no mistake." '"But where have you put him?" I asked; "besurely can't ride on the engine." '"Put him!—in the nigger's crib, to be sure,where he should be," said he. '"Can I see it?" I inquired. '"You can, if you have a taste that way," he replied;"keep on ahead, straight through the baggagevan, and you will see them all alive."' 
