 NEW YORK, May 8, 1849. EW ORK MY DEAR FRIEND: Y EAR RIEND Our anniversary meeting at the Tabernacle has justterminated, a powerful impression having bean visiblymade upon those who were present—a great congregation,embodying a large amount of the intelligence,morality and religion of the community—most respectfulin their behavior, and deeply interested in mind,with an occasional and feeble exception on the part ofsome tormented spirit in the galleries, whose hissesserved only to call forth the louder bursts of approbationfrom the assembly. Prayer was offered bySAMUEL MAY. Jr., in the spirit of true devotion; afterwhich, pertinent and impressive portions of Scripturewere read, as applicable to the condition andperils of this oppressive nation. The Memorial fromAberdeenshire, Scotland, signed by upwards of onethousand persons, among them several ministers ofvarious religious denominations, remonstrating withthe American churches for the criminal supportwhich they are giving to slavery, and urging them toexclude slaveholders from their communion, was laidbefore the meeting by the President with some introductoryremarks. According to the Report of theTreasurer, FRANCIS JACKSON of Boston, the wholeamount received into the treasury, during the lastyear, was $6992 57; the expenditures were $6975 13;leaving a balance of $17 44 on hand. EDMUNDQUINCY then presented a series of resolutions, relatingto the participation of the Church and the Governmentin the system of slavery, and setting forththe duty of every Christian and Patriot having forhis motto, and carrying it out to the letter—'NoUnion with Slaveholders, religiously or politically.' PARKERPILLSBURY then took the platform and made anexcellent speech, and was followed by WENDELLPHILLIPS, at considerable length, in a speech chargedwith an immense amount of moral electricity, andmarked by all the characteristics of his opulent mind.It was just such a speech as the occasion and thetimes demand, and was responded to in a most gratifyingmanner. Said one of our Philadelphia friends,whose eulogy is worth a great deal,—'I feel as if Icould willingly go across the Atlantic to hear such aspeech.' FREDERICK DOUGLASS then took the platform,and was warmly received; but after proceedinga short time, gave way, in consequence of the latenessof the hour, much to the regret of many who hadnever heard him. I have not time to add more, exceptthat it is strengthening to see the faces of oldfriends, and to feel the pressure of their warm grasp. AMUEL AY. RANCIS ACKSON DMUND UINCY 'NoUnion with Slaveholders, religiously or politically.' ARKER ILLSBURY ENDELL HILLIPS REDERICK OUGLASS Yours, truly, WM. LLOYD GARRISON. 
