 SPEECH OF MR. HORACE MANN,OF MASSACHUSETTS,In the House of Representatives, Feb. 23, 1849,ON SLAVERY AND THE SLAVE TRADE IN THE DISTRICTOF COLUMBIA.(Concluded.) In the House of Representatives, Feb. N LAVERY AND THE LAVE RADE IN THE ISTRICT OF OLUMBIA. Concluded. Notwithstanding I have dwelt so long upon thesocial and moral aspects of this subject, I am stilltempted not to forgo that which was my principalobject in rising, namely, to submit an argument onthe question of the legality or constitutionality ofslavery in this District. I have bestowed muchcareful attention upon thin subject with the sincerestdesire of arriving at true, legal, and constitutionalresults. I submit my views with deference,because I know they are in conflict with the viewsof others, for whose knowledge and abilities I havethe profoundest respect. The legality of slavery in the District of Columbiahas been assumed, arid practically acquiesced in,for fifty years. Had the question of its validity beenraised, and argued on the principles of the Constitution,immediately after the creation of the District,'I believe this territory would have been declaredfree soil. In my conscientious opinion, slavery existsin this District only by original usurpation andsubsequent acquiescence. If so, Congress cannotbe too speedily invoked to abdicate the power it hasusurped. The first position I take in this—That slavery hasno legal existence, unless by force of positive law. That slavery hasno legal existence, unless by force of positive law. If any man claims authority over the body, mind,and soul of one of his fellow-men, and claims thisauthority not only for the whole life of his victim,but a like authority over all his descendants, there isno part of the civilized world where he will not berequired to show some positive law, authorizing thepower and the bondage. If the claimant says, 'Iam stronger, or I am wiser thin he? or' I have anAnglo-Saxon brain, while he has only an Africanbrain:' or 'my skin is white, and his skin is notwhite? or 'I descended from Shem, and he fromHain: and, therefore, he is my slave,'—there is nota court in Christendom, which, though it may admitthe fact, will ratify the inference. If the claimantaffirms that it is morally right for him to seize hisfellow-man and reduce him to slavery; if he bringsthe Bible into court as his law book, and cites Abraham,and Issac, and Jacob, and Paul, as his authorities;still, I say, there is not a court in Christendomthat will not deny the validity of the title, andrebuke the arrogance of the demand.* Positive law,then, is the only foundation of slavery. The authoritiesare numerous, if not numberless, to establishthis position. I shall not encumber this argumentby citing many of them. The few which Ishall cite will contain a reference to the rest. morally * The grand reason given by Lord Mansfield, inSomerset's case, was, 'that it is so intrinsicallywrong, that it is incapable of being introduced intoany country, on any reasons, moral or political, andcan only stand on positive law.' (20 State Trials, 1.) Chief Justice Marshall says 'that it [slavery] iscontrary to the law of nature, will scarcely be denied.That every mm has a natural right to thefruits of his own labor, is generally admitted; andthat no other person can rightfully deprive him ofthose fruits, and appropriate them against his will,seems to be the necessary result of this admission.'(Antelope, 10 Wheat, 120.) 'The first objection,' says Mr. Justice Best, in thecase of Forbes and Cochrane, 'which occurs to mein this case, is that it does not appear, in the specialcase, that the right to slaves exists in East Florida.That right is not a general, but a local right; itought, therefore, to have been shown that it existedin Florida, and that the defendants knew of its existence.Assuming, however, that those facts didappear, still, under the circumstances of this case,this action could not be maintained. That right is not a general, but a local right 'The question is, were these persons slaves at thetune when Sir G. Cockburn refused to do the actwhen he was desired to do? I am decidedly ofopinion that they were no longer slaves. The momentthey put their feet on board of a British man ofwar, not lying within the waters of East Florida,(where undoubtedly the laws of that country wouldprevail,) those persons who had before been slaveswere free. * * * Slavery isa local law, and therefore, if a man wishes to preservehis slaves, let him attach them to him by affection,or make fast the bars of their prison, or rivetwell their chains; for the instant they get beyond thelimits where slavery is recognized by the local law,they have broken their chains, they have escaped fromtheir prison, and are free,' (2 Barn. &Cres., 466-7,Forbes vs. Cochrane, S.C., 3 Dowl. and Ryland679.) British for the instant they get beyond thelimits where slavery is recognized by the local law,they have broken their chains, they have escaped fromtheir prison, and are free,' I am of opinion' says Holroyd, J., in the samecase, 'that according to the principles of the Englishlaw, the right to slaves, even in a country wheresuch rights are recognized by law, must be consideredas founded, not upon the law of nature, butupon the particular law of that country.' 'The law of slavery is a law in invistum; andwhen a party gets out of the territory where it prevails,and out of the power of his master, and getsunder the protection of another power, without anywrongful act done by the party giving that protectionthe right of the master, which is founded on themunicipal law of the particular place only, does notcontinue, and there is no right of action against aparts who merely receives the slave in that country,without doing any wrongful act.' invistum; andwhen a party gets out of the territory where it prevails which is founded on themunicipal law of the particular place only The definition of slavery given by the Roman lawimplies that it is local: Serritus est constitutes jurisgentium, qua quits domino ticno, CONTRA NATURUM,subjicitur. 18 Pick. Rep. 193, Commonwealth, vs.Aves. Langford vs. Coquillon, 14 Martin's Rep.,402. 'The relation of owner and slave is a creationof the municipal law.' 3 Marshall, 470, Ky.,Rankinvs. Lydia. I Wash. C.C. Rep. 499, Butlervs. Hopper. 4 Wash. C.C. 295, Er parte Simmens.9 Curry's Louisiana Rep., 473, Maria Louisa vs.Marot et al. Serritus est constitutes jurisgentium, qua quits domino ticno  subjicitur. vs.Aves. vs. vs. vs. Er parte vs. This point may be presented in another light. Bythe law of nature, all men are free. But in somegovernments, the law of the State, upheld by thepower of the State, overrides the law of nature, andenslaves a portion of the people. The law of natureprecedes before this legalized violence; but it recodesno further than the legalized violence drivesit back. Within the jurisdictional limits of suchStates, then, slavery is made legal, though it is notmade right. But if a slave passes out of the jurisdictionwhere violence overpowers right, into a jurisdiction legal right. There may, however, be some further positivelaw, which, though it does not authorize the buyingor selling of a slave, still does provide that an escapedor escaping slave may be recaptured and redeliveredinto bondage. Such is the third paragraphof the second section of the fourth article of theConstitution of the United States. Such, too, is theact of Congress of Feb. 12, 1793, providing for therecapture of fugitive slaves. This, however, wouldnot be without positive law. The debates in all the conventions for adoptingthe Constitution of the United States, proceed uponthe ground that slavery depends upon positive lawfor its existence. If it did not,—if a man who hasa legal right to a slave in Virginia, has a legal rightto him any where, then the provision in the Constitution,and the act of 1793, for recapturing fugitiveslaves, would have been unnecessary. On the south side of a boundary line, then, slaverymay exist by force of positive law; while, onthe north side, in the absence of any such law, slaveryis unlawful. A slave, passing out of a jurisdictionwhere slavery is legalized, into a jurisdictionwhere it is not, becomes free. It is as though aman should migrate from one of those South Sea islands,where cannibalism is legalized, and where thepublic authorities, according to the reports of travellers,not only condemn and execute a criminal, butdine on him, after he it executed.—it is, I say, asthough the subject of such a government should migrateinto one where cannibalism is not lawful, andwhere, therefore, though he should be condemnedand executed for crime, it would be no part of thesentence or the ceremony that he should be eaten.He is out of cannibal jurisdiction. butdine on him, after he it executed. The right of freedom is a natural right It is apositive existence. It is a moral entity. Like theright to life, it pertains, by the law of nature and ofGod, to every human being. This moral right continuesto exist until it is abolished. Some act abolishingthis freedom, then, must be proved; it mustbe proved affirmatively, or else the fact of freedomremains. This is the solid and indestructible groundof the maxim, that slavery can exist only by positivelaw; that it is a local institution; that the right offreedom must be first abolished before slavery canexist. local 2. My second position is this: Thai a man's legalcondition may be changed by a change in the governmentover him, while he remains in the same place,just as effectually at it can be changed by his removal to another place, and putting himself underanother government. The inhabitants of the NorthAmerican colonies did not change their place ofresidence when they passed from under the governmentof Great Britain, and came under the governmentof the Confederation. The Mexicans, inhabitingthe then States of California and New Mexico,did not change their place of residence, when, onthe thirtieth day of May last, they ceased to be citizensof the Mexican Republic, and became citizens,or quasi citizens, of the United States. Their politicalrelations were changed, not by their removalfrom under the canopy of one government, and placingthemselves under the canopy of another government,but by the withdrawal of one governmentfrom over them, and by the extension to them ofcertain political rights and capacities under anothergovernment. Before this thirtieth day of May, theycould have committed treason against Mexico, batnot after it. Before it, they could not commit treasonagainst the United States; but when they shallbe citizens of the Union, they can. These vitalchanges in their relations are without any change intheir residence. Within my recollection, an oldgentleman died in Massachusetts, who had lived infive different towns, but still remained where he wasborn, like one of the old oak trees, on the old homestead.The part of the original town where he wasborn had been set off and incorporated into a newtown; and that part of the second town where helived, into a third; and so on, until he died in thefifth town, without toy change of domicile. Now,this man lived under the jurisdiction and by-laws offive towns, as they were successively incorporatedover him, just as much as though he bad struck histent five times, and placed himself, by successivemigrations, under five different municipal regulations. Thai a man's legalcondition may be changed by a change in the governmentover him, while he remains in the same place,just as effectually at it can be changed by his removal to another place, and putting himself underanother government. quasi political A similar thing must have happened to thousandsof our fellow-citizens of the Union; some of themat first lived under a foreign government; then underone territorial government; then under another;and at last have become citizens of a State, withoutany change of domicile. Indeed, it would seem thatnothing can be clearer then the proposition, whetherregarded as a legal or political one, than that thelaws and the jurisdiction may be changed over aman who continues to reside m the same place, justas effectually and as completely as a man may changethe laws and jurisdiction over himself by removing toa different place. In many cases, the former worksa more thorough change than the latter. The lawsof Great Britain do not acknowledge the right ofself-expatriation; while, at the same time, it is held,that the inhabitants of a foreign province, incorporatedinto the kingdom, change their allegiancewithout changing their residence. 3. My third proposition is this: That the jurisdictionunder which the inhabitants of what is now theDistrict of Columbia lived, prior to the cession of theDistrict by Maryland to the United States, was utterlyand totally changed at the moment of the cession,—at the moment when, according to the provisionsof the Constitution, they ceased to be citizens of theState of Maryland, and became citizens of the Districtof Columbia. That the jurisdictionunder which the inhabitants of what is now theDistrict of Columbia lived, prior to the cession of theDistrict by Maryland to the United States, was utterlyand totally changed at the moment of the cession,—at the moment when, according to the provisionsof the Constitution, they ceased to be citizens of theState of Maryland, and became citizens of the Districtof Columbia. By the seventeenth paragraph (Hickey's Constitution)of the 8th section of the 1st article, it is providedthat Congress shall have power 'to exercise exclusivelegislation in all cases whatsoever over suchDistrict, (not exceeding ten miles square,) as may, bycession of particular States, and the acceptance ofCongress, become the seat of the government of theUnited States.' Congress, then, has the power of sole and exclusivelegislation,' in all cases whatsoever,' in regardto the District of Columbia. What is the meaningof the word 'exclusive,' in this connection? It cannotmean absolute and uncontrolled; for, if it did, itwould make Congress as sovereign as the Russianautocrat. It means that no other government, noother body of men whatever, shall have concurrentpower of legislation over the District; nor, indeed,any subordinate power, except what may be derivedfrom Congress. Over every man who is a citizen ofone of the United States, there are two jurisdictions,—the jurisdiction of the General Government, andthe jurisdiction of the State Government Thereare two governments that have the power to legislatefor him; but there w only one power,—the Congressof the United States,—that can legislate for acitizen of the District of Colombia. absolute uncontrolled; In Kendall vs. the United States, 12 Peters, 524,it is said—'There is in the District of Columbia nodivision of powers between the General and Stategovernments. Congress has the entire control overthe District, for every purpose of government.' vs. So it has been held that a justice of the peace inthe District of Columbia is an officer of the governmentof the United States, and is therefore exemptfrom militia duty. Wise vs. Withers, 3 Crunch, 331;1 Cond. Rep., 552. vs. A citizen of the District of Columbia is not a citizenof any one of the United States. Hephurn etal. vs. Ellery, 2 Crunch, 445: Westcott's Losses vs.Inhabitants—, Peters' C.C.R., 45. etal. vs. vs. Up to the time of the cession, the inhabitants ofthis District were under two jurisdictions,—that ofMaryland and that of Congress; but after the cession,under that of Congress alone. Now, whenthe inhabitants of this District passed out of thejurisdiction of Maryland, and came under the exclusivejurisdiction of Congress, let us see whatwas the effect of such change of jurisdiction uponthem. In the act of Congress of 1790, chap. 28, sect 1,which was an act for the establishment of the seatof government of the United States, there is the followingclause: 'Provided, nevertheless, That the operationof the laws of the State [of Maryland] withinsuch District shall not be affected by this acceptance,until the time fixed for the removal of the governmentthereto, and until Congress shall otherwise by lawprovide.' 'Provided, nevertheless until the time fixed for the removal of the governmentthereto, and until Congress shall otherwise by lawprovide.' Here, then. Congress expressly provided and contractedwith the State of Maryland, that the laws ofMaryland in this District should not be interferedwith until the removal of the seat of government tothis place; and Congress likewise impliedly providedand contracted, that when the seat of governmentshould be removed to this place, it would dischargethe duty imposed upon it by the Constitution of theUnited States, and would assume and exercise the'exclusive legislation' provided for in that instrument.This act of Congress was approved on the16th of July, 1790. expressly impliedly By the Maryland laws of 1791, chap. 45, sec. 2,that State ceded to the United States the territorywhich now constitutes the District of Columbia, andthe words of the cession are these: 'in full and absoluteright, as well of soil as of person, residing orto reside thereon,' & * * * providedthat the jurisdiction of the laws of Maryland 'shallnut cease or determine until Congress shall by lawprovide for the government thereof. until Congress shall by lawprovide for the government thereof. The state of the case, then, was simply this: 1.The Constitution gave Congress power of exclusivelegislation over such district as might be ceded forthe seat of government 2. Congress, by the act of1790, above referred to, proposed to the State ofMaryland to accept a portion of her territory for thispurpose, but engaged not to interfere with her lawsuntil after it had taken actual possession of the cededterritory. 3. Maryland accepted the proposition,rehearsing the condition in these words, namely,that 'the laws of Maryland shall not cease or determineuntil Congress shall by law provide for thegovernment thereof.' By the sixth section of the act of 1790, chap. 28,Congress provided that it would remove to this District,and make this the seat of Government, on thefirst Monday of December, 1800. It did so; andnow its express duty under the Constitution, and itsimplied promise to the State of Maryland, were tobe fulfilled, by exercising' exclusive legislation' overthis District. In fulfilment of this duty and promise, Congress,on the 27th of February, 1801, by the act of 1801,ch. 15, proceeded to legislate for the District of Columbia;and, in the first section of that act, it providedas follows: 'Be it enacted, & That the laws of the State ofVirginia, as they now exist, shall be and continue inforce in that part of the District of Columbia whichwas ceded by the said State to the United States,and by them accepted for the permanent seat ofGovernment; and that the laws of the State of Maryland,as they now exist, shall be and continue inforce in that part of the said District which was cededby that State to the United States, and by themaccepted, as aforesaid.' Be it enacted, & By this act then, Congress assumed to exercise,and did exercise, that exclusive legislation over theDistrict of Columbia, which had been provided forby the Constitution. That portion of the District which was ceded toCongress by Virginia, having been receded to thatState by the act of Congress of July 9, 1846, (st.1846, ch. 35,) all that relates to it may, for the purposesof this argument, be laid out of the question. On the 27th day of February, 1801, then, thelaws of Maryland, as such, were abrogated in thisDistrict. The legislative power of Congress becameexclusive. All legislative power previously possessedby Maryland over it then ceased. The connectionof Maryland with this District as a part of itsformer territory, and occupied by its former citizens,was dissolved. It had no longer any more legislativepower over the District than Maine or Georgiahad. Historically, we may talk about the laws ofMaryland, as they once existed here; but practically,and as a matter of strict law and fact, her lawswere no longer known within the District. Thelaws which governed the people of this District afterthe 27th day of February, 1804, were the laws ofCongress, and not the laws of Maryland. as such To show that this part of the District passed outfrom under the government of Maryland, and cameunder the government of the United States, I referto Reilly, appellant vs. Lamar et al., 2d Cranch, 344,I Cond. Rep. 322, where it is said, 'By the separationof the District of Columbia from the State ofMaryland, the residents in that part of Marylandwhich became a part of the District, ceased to becitizens of the State.' It was held, in that case, thata citizen of the District of Columbia could not bedischarged by the insolvent law of Maryland. vs. et al. A citizen of the District of Columbia cannot maintainan action in the circuit court of the UnitedStates out of the District, he not being a citizen ofthe State within the meaning of the provision of thelaw of the United States regulating the jurisdictionof the courts of the United States. Hepburn et al.vs. Ellzey, 2d Cranch, 445, 1st Cond. Rep., 444.See also Loughborough vs. Blake, 5 Wheat, 317,and Levy Court of Washington vs. Ringgold, 5Peters, 451. et al.vs. vs. vs. 4. The next point of inquiry is: What is the legalforce and effect, upon the subject of slavery, of theact of Congress of 1801, before cited? Its wordsare: 'That the laws of the State of Maryland, asthey now exist, shall be continued in force in thatpart of said District which was ceded by that Stateto the United States,' & And here, I acknowledgethat the operation of this clause is precisely thesame as though Congress had transcribed all theMaryland laws, word for word, and letter for letter,with the clause prefixed,' Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Representatives of the UnitedStates of America in Congress assembled,' and thePresident of the United States had affixed his signaturethereto. I acknowledge further, that the lawsof Maryland had legalized slavery in the State ofMaryland, and had defined what classes of personsmight be held as slaves therein. What is the legalforce and effect, upon the subject of slavery, of theact of Congress of before cited? But it by no means follows, because Congressproposed to re-enact, in terms, for this District, allthe laws of Maryland, that, therefore, it did re-enactthem. It does not follow, that because two Legislaturesuse the same words, that the words must necessarilyhave the same effect. It makes all thedifference in the world, whether words are need byone possessed of power, or by one devoid of power.Congress might pass a law in precisely the samewords as those used by the Parliament of Great Britain,and yet the law of Congress be invalid and inoperative,while the act of Parliament would be validand binding. We have a written Construction;Great Britain has no written Constitution. TheBritish Parliament, on many subjects, has an amplerjurisdiction than the American Congress. The lawof Congress might be unconstitutional and void,while that of the British Parliament, framed in preciselythe same language, might be constitutionand binding. So the law of Maryland might be valid underthe Constitution of Maryland, and therefore bindingupon the citizens of Maryland; while the law ofCongress, though framed in precisely the samewords, would be repugnant to the Constitution of theUnited States, and therefore have no validity. Now, this is precisely the case bore. Congress,in attempting to re-enact the Maryland laws, to upholdslavery in this District, transcended the limitsof its constitutional power. It acted unconstitutionally.It acted in plain contravention of some of theplainest and moat obvious principles consecrated bythe Constitution. If so, no one will dispute that itsact is void. I do not deny, them that Congress usedwords of sufficient amplitude to cover slavery; butwhat I deny is, that it had any power to give legalforce to those words. 5. My next proposition, therefore, is this: That asCongress can do nothing, excepting what it is empoweredto do by the Constitution, and as the Constitution,does not empower it to establish slaveryhere, it cannot establish slavery here, nor continue it. That asCongress can do nothing, excepting what it is empoweredto do by the Constitution, and as the Constitution,does not empower it to establish slaveryhere, it cannot establish slavery here, nor continue it. Where is there any express power given to Congressby the Constitution to establish slavery?Where is the article, section, or clause? I demandto have the title shown. Thousands of human beingsare not to be robbed of all their dearest rights; andthey and their children, for ever, by strained constructions,or apocryphal authority, deemed to bondage.Will those who say that Congress cannot establisha banking institution by construction, nor aidinternal improvements, nor enact a tariff,—will theysay that it can make a man a slave, and all his posterityslaves, by construction? express Nor can any power to establish slavery be deducedfrom the 18th clause of the 8th section of the1st article of the Constitution, which gives Congresspower to 'make all laws which shall be necessaryand proper for carrying into execution' the powersthat are granted. What power is granted to Congress, for the exerciseof which, the establishment of slavery in thisDistrict is a necessary means or preliminary? Congresshas power to lay and collect taxes; to borrowmoney; to regulate commerce; to establish uniformrules of naturalization; to coin money; to punishcounterfeiters; to establish post-offices and post-roads;to promote the progress of science and thearts; to establish courts; to define and punish piracieson the high seas; to declare war; to raise andsupport armies; to provide and maintain a navy;to organize and maintain a militia; and so forth andso forth. Bat to whet one of all these powers is theCower to establish slavery in the District of Columbiaa necessary incident? If slavery in the Districtof Columbia were to cease to-day, could not the governmentcontinue to exercise every function whichit has heretofore exercised? If so, then the existenceof slavery in this District is not 'necessary' to theexercise of any of the powers expressly granted. I callupon any gentleman to name any one power of thisGovernment which cannot be exercised, which mustnecessarily cease, if slavery should cease to be, inthis District of Columbia? 'I pause for a reply.' Well, then, if the power to establish slavery inthis District is not among the granted powers, and ifit is not necessary for the exercise of any one of thegranted powers, then it is nowhere,—it does not existat all. No power of Congress, then, exists, either forthe creation or for the continuance of slavery in thisDistrict and all the legislation of Congress uponthis subject is beyond or against the Constitution. Let me illustrate this in another way. Supposethere had been a religious establishment in Marylandat the time of the cession; suppose, under theauspices of Lord Baltimore, the Catholic religion hadbeen established as the religion of the State; andthat, in order to punish heresy and secure conformityto the religion of the State, an inquisition had beenfounded, and that the seat of that inquisition hadbeen within the limits of the District of Columbia, atthe time of the cession: could Congress, in the absenceof all express or implied authority on the subjectof establishing a State religion, have upheld theCatholic religion here, and appointed the officers ofthe inquisition to administer it? The idea is abhorrentto the whole spirit of the Constitution. ButCongress had as much power to establish a nationalreligion here, in the absence of all express or impliedauthority to do so, as to establish slaveryhere. Congress, then, does not, and cannot legalize slaveryin this District. It found slavery in existencein the States; and it does not abolish it, or interferewith it, because it has no power of 'exclusivelegislation' in them. But Congress has as muchright to go into any State and abolish slavery there,as any State, even Virginia or Maryland, has to comeinto this District with its laws, and establish slaveryhere. I suppose that no jurist, will contend thatCongress could have passed the act of 1793, for therecapture of fugitive slaves, had it not been for thethird clause in the second section of the fourth articleof the Constitution, which provides for the re-deliveryof a fugitive slave, on the claim of his master.By this article in the Constitution, the ease of fugitiveslaves only is provided for. If a master voluntarilycarries a slave into a free State, and the slavedeparts from his possession, he cannot reclaim him,Why not? Why cannot Congress pass a law, that ifa men takes a dozen slaves to Boston, and they theresee fit to strike for wages, and to leave his possessionbecause their terms are not complied with,—why isit, I ask, that Congress cannot pass a law authorizingtheir seizure and delivery into the master's hands?The reason is, that the Constitution has conferredupon Congress no such express power, nor is suchpower implied as being necessary to the exerciseof any power that is expressed. And if Congresscannot so much as restore a slave to a master, whohas voluntarily carried him into a free State, how canit continue slavery in this District, after Marylandhas ceded it to this Government, whose fundamentalorganic law gives it no power to create or continueslavery here? fugitive Suppose Maryland had ceded her share of theDistrict to Massachusetts, would not every slave init have been instantaneously free by the Constitution ofMassachusetts? They would have been transferredto a free jurisdiction,—just as much as an individualowner of a slave passes under a free jurisdiction,when he voluntarily taken his slave to the North.The legal existence of slavery was annulled in thisDistrict when Congress exercised its 'exclusive'power over it, just as much as the debtor's righttube discharged under the Maryland bankrupt lawwas annulled. But I go farther than this; and I say that theConstitution not only does not empower Congress toestablish or continue slavery in this District, butagain and again, by the strongest implications possible,it prohibits the exercise of such a power. In regard to the whole matter of slavery, the Constitutiontouches the subject with an averted face.The abhorred word 'slave' at nowhere mentioned inIt. The Constitution is ashamed to otter such aname. The country, coming fresh from that baptismof fire—the American Revolution,—would notprofuse its lips with this unhallowed word, Human,circulation is reached to. It seeks to escape aguilty confession. Like a calprit, in whom somelove of character still survives, it speaks of its offencewithout calling it by name. It was the reputableand honorable word 'possess,' intend of the word 'slaves.' As the Tyrian Qu, about toperpetrate a dead which would consign her characterto infamy, called it by the sacred name of 'marriage,'and committed it,—   'Hoc proctexit nomine culpam;' 'Hoc proctexit nomine culpam;' So the Constitution, about to recognize the mostGuilty and cruel of all relations between man andman, sought to avert its eyes from the act, and topacify the remonstrances of conscience against everyparticipation in the crime, by hiding the deed undera reputable word. But not at look to the Participation of the Constitution;for I maintain that there is not only apower, express or implied, in the Constitution, authorizingCongress to create or continue shivery inthis District, but that it is debarred and prohibitedfrom doing so, again and again. I suppose no one will deny that the positive prohibitionagainst the exercise of certain enumeratedpowers apply to Congress, when legislating for thisDistrict, just as much as when legislating for the Unionat large. This doctrine has recently been stronglyasserted by Mr. Calhoun, in the Banana of theUnited States; and, as I would gladly produce convictionin Southern minds, I make use of this Southernauthority. He affirms that Congress, in legislatingfor the Territories. 'is subject to many andimportant restrictions and conditions, of which someare expressed and others implied. Among the formermay be classed all the general and absoluteprohibitions of the Constitution; that is, all thosewhich prohibit the exercise of certain powers underany circumstances. In this class is included the prohibitionof granting titles of nobility; passing ex postfacto laws and bills of attainder; the suspension ofthe writ of habeas corpus, except in certain cases;making laws respecting the establishment of religion,or its free exercise, and every other of likedescription.' ex postfacto habeas corpus Will any man say that Congress can pass an expostfacio law for this District, and defend itselfby referring to its power of exclusive legislationover it? Can Congress pass a bill of attainder, corruptingthe blood of an inhabitant of this District,or repeal or suspend at any time, his right to a writ ofhabeas corpus, or establish a religion here, or interdictthe free exercise thereof? No jurist, no statesmanwill pretend it. expostfacio habeas corpus But there is another prohibition in the Constitutionevery whit as full and explicit as any ofthese. The fifth article of amendment declares that'no person shall be'' deprived of life, liberty or property,without due process of law.' Here the Constitution uses the word' person'—the most comprehensive word it could find.' NoPERSON shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property,without due process of law.' Now, what doesthis word, 'person,' mean? Or who, under the Constitution,is such a 'person' as cannot be deprived oflife, liberty, or property, by virtue of an act of Congress,without due process of law? Let as take ourdefinition of the word' person' from the Constitutionitself: 'No person shall be a representative, whohas not attained the age of twenty-five years,' &,(see 2d clause of the 2d section of the 1st article.)'Representatives and direct taxes shall be apportionedamong the several States which may be includedwithin this Union, according to their respective numbers,which shall be determined by adding to thewhole number of free persons, including those booedto service for a term of years, and excluding Indiansnot taxed, three-fifths of all other persons? &(3d clause of the same section.) 'No person shallbe a Senator who has not attained the age of thirtyyears,' &, (1st article, 2d section, 3d clause.) 'Noperson shall be convicted [of an impeachable offenceby the Senate] without the concurrence of two-thirds.'(1st section, 3d article, 6th clause.) 'Noperson holding any office under the United Statesshall be a member of either House daring his continuancein office.' (1st article, 6th section, 2dclause.) 'The migration or importation of such personsas any of the States now existing shall thinkproper to admit, shall not be prohibited'—'but a taxor duty may be imposed on such importation, not exceedingten dollars for each person,' & (1st article,9th section, 1st clause.) 'No person holdingany office of profit or trust,' 'shall accept say present,& (1st article, 9th section, 8th clause.) 'No personholding an office of profit or trust under theUnited States, shall be appointed an elector.' (2darticle, 1st section, 2d clause.) 'The electors shallmeet in their respective States, and vote by ballot fortwo persons,' & 'The person having the greatestnumber of votes shall be President,' & 'If no personhave a majority,' & 'In every case, after thechoice of the President, the person having the greatestnumber of votes of the electors shall be Vice-President,(article 2d, section 1st, clause 2d.*) Noperson except a natural-born citizen, &, 'shall beeligible to the office of President; neither shall anyperson be eligible to that office, who shall not haveattained the age of thirty-five years,' &' No personshall be convicted of treason, unless, on the testimonyof two witnesses,' &, (article 3d, section 3d,clause 3d.) 'A person charged in any State withtreason,' &, (article 4th, section 2d, clause 2d.)'No person, held to service or labor,' & (article4th, section 2d, clause 3d.) without due process of law? person persons persons? person person person persons person,' person person persons,' person person person * person person person person person Now, it will be seen from all this, that the word'person' is used in the Constitution is the most comprehensivesense, it embraces Indians, if taxed; itembraces natives of Africa; it embraces apprenticesand slaves, or those held to service or labor;and it embraces every citizen, from the humblest tothe highest from the most true to the most reasonable.It embraces all, from the stave to the Presidentof the United States. And, after having usedthe word to embrace all these classes and descriptionsof men, it proceeds to say, in an amendment,that 'no PERSON shall be deprived of life, liberty,or property, without due process of law.' (Amendment,article 5.) 'person' no shall be deprived of life, liberty,or property, without due process of law.' The law of Maryland ceded this district to Congress,'in full and absolute right, as well of soil asof person, residing or to reside therein.' person Now, Congress, is attempting to legalize slaveryin the District of Colombia, has provided, in terms,by its adoption of the Maryland laws, that one manmay held another man in bondage, in this District,'WITHOUT DUE PROCESS OF LAW,' and, indeed,without any process of law; may held him in bondagefrom his birth; may beget him, and still holdhim and his posterity in bondage. 'Process oflaw' means legal proceedings. It is a phrase thatdoes not pertain to the legislature but to the courts.It mesas the institution of a suit in civil matters;the finding of an indictment, or an information incriminal ones; the issuing of subpoenas for witnesses,&, in both. (See article 6 of amendmentsto the Constitution.) Now, a slave is a person deprived of his libertyand property, without any process of law. Therehas been no 'due' process of thaw to reduce him tothis miserable confliction; there has been no processof law at all. A slave, therefore, in this District,is deprived of his liberty and property, in pursuanceof the laws of Congress, without any legal processwhatever, and therefore in flagrant contradiction ofthe fifth article of the Amendments to the Constitutionof the United States. Hence, the act of Congress,purporting to continue the Maryland laws respectingslavery in this District, was, and is, andforever must be, until the Constitution is altered, nulland void. any There is a striking historical fact in regard to thepharmacology of this fifth article of amendment. Itssubstance was proposed by several States. Virginiais proposed it in the following words: 'No ought to be taken, imprisoned, or disseized of hisfreehold liberation, privileges, or franchises, or outlawed,or exiled, or is any manner destroyed or deprivedof his life, liberty, or property, but by thelaw of the land.' (See 3 Elliott's Debates, 506-Proceedingsof June 27, 1786. Also 4 Elliott's De,21d, for the same amendment, as prepared bythe  of New York.)     The Virginia A used the wait '.'It  that no '' shall be deprived,& The New York Amendment and the     word 'person.' And the amendment was adoptedand ratified almost in the words of the New Yorkphraseology. The word person was chosen, andtherefore Congress has no constitutional power todeprive of life, liberty, or property, without due processof law, any being embraced within the definitionof that word. By its own selection of words, it is debarred,not merely from depriving a 'freeman,' butfrom depriving a 'person.' person. person without due processof law 'freeman,' 'person.' When Congress attempted to legalize and perpetuateslavery in this District it violated the fourth articleof the Amendments, which declares' the rightof the people to be secure in their persons, houses,papers and effects, against unreasonable searchesand seizures.' If Congress cannot authorize domiciliarysearches and seizures against a single individual,can it degrade a whole race of men to thecondition of slaves, and then say that, because theyare slaves, they shall not be secure, but shall be atthe mercy of any alleged master in regard to theirpersons—to be commanded and restrained, to bebought and sold? If Congress cannot authorizesearches and seizures of houses, papers and effects,can it get around the Constitution by saying we willcreate a class of persons who shall have no powerof owning any houses, papers, or effects, to besearched or seized? secure because theyare slaves Again: Congress shall pass 'no bill of attainder.'What is a bill of attainder? It is a bill that workscorruption of blood. It disfranchises its object. Ittakes away from him the common privileges of a citizen.It makes a man incapable of acquiring, inheriting,or transmitting property; incapable of holdingoffice, or acting as attorney for others; and it shutsthe door of the courts against him. These disablingconsequences may descend to a man's children afterhim, though this is not necessary. Now, to passsuch a bill is a thing winch Congress cannot do.But when Congress undertook to legalize slavery inthis District, it undertook to do all this, and worsethan all this. It attainted, not individuals merely,but a whole race. A slave is an outlaw; that is,he cannot make a contract; he cannot prosecute anddefend in court; property cannot be acquired byhim, or devised to him, or transmitted through him.A white man may give his testimony against him,but be cannot give his testimony against a whiteman. He is despoiled of his liberal legem—hisbirthright Ha cannot own the food or clothes hehas earned. What in his, in his master's. And thiscorruption of blood, which the law of slavery works,does not stop with the first, nor with the secondgeneration—not with the tenth nor the tea thousandth;but by the theory of the law, goes on forever.Bills of attainder, during the history of theworst periods of the world, have applied to individualsonly, or at most to a family. Bat here Congress,in defiance of the Constitution, has undertaken toestablish a degraded casts is society, and to perpetuateit through all generations. Now, can sayreasonable man for a moment suppose that the Constitutionmeant to debar Congress from passing actsof attainder against individuals, but to permit it topass wholesale, sweeping laws, working disfranchisementof an entire race, and entailing degradationfor ever? liberal legem Let us look at another general prohibition of theConstitution: 'No title of nobility shall be grantedby the United States,' (article 1, section 9, clause8.) 'The distinction of rank and honors,' says Blackstone,'is necessary in every well-governed State,in order to reward such as are eminent for their servicesto the public.' But the framers of the Constitutiondid not think so, the people of the UnitedStates did not think so; and therefore they incorporateda provision into their organic law, that 'notitle of nobility should be granted.' But it mattersnot whether the favored individual is called 'Marquess'or 'Master.' If he is invested by the governmentwith a monopoly of rights and privileges, invirtue of his title sad its legal incidents, without anycorresponding civil duties, he belongs to an order ofnobility—he is a nobleman. Mr. McDuffies defendsthe institution of slavery, on the ground that it establishesthe highest of all ranks and the broadest of alldistinctions between men. He says no nation has yetexisted which has not, in some form, created the distinctionof classes—such as patrician and plebeian, orcitizen and helot or lord and commoner—and thatthe institution of slavery stands here instead of theseorders, and supersedes them all, by being equivalentto them all. Now, is it not inconceivable that theConstitution should interdict the bestowment of specialfavors to distinguished individuals for meritoriousservices, and yet should authorize Congress toconfer the highest of all earthly prerogatives—theprerogative over property, liberty, end volition itself—upon one class of men over another class of men?Yet if Congress can create or legalize slavery, it canestablish the worst order of nobility that ever existed.It can give to one class of men the power toown and to control, to penish and to despoil, anotherclass; to sell father, mother, wife and children, intobondage. To prohibit Congress from doing one ofthese things, and to permit it to do the other, isstraining at a gnat, while swallowing a camel—awhole caravan of camels! an But the same clause in the Constitution whichgives Congress the power of exclusive legislationover this District, also empowers it 'to exercise likeauthority over all places purchased by the consentof the legislature of the State, in which the sameshall lie, for ate erection of magazines, arsenalsdock-yards, and other needful buildings.' If, then,Congress has any constitutional power tolegalize slavery in this District, it has the same power tolegalize it (that is to, create it) at all places, in theState of Massachusetts or New York, or any other,where it may have obtained territory from a State,for a fort, magazine, arsenal, dockyard, or other needfulbuilding. Where it has obtained land in themiddle of a city—Philadelphia, New York, Boston orChicago—for a custom-house, it may create slaverythere. The power to do this is conferred in preciselythe same words as the power by which it hasbeen held that slavery can be established in theDistrict of Columbia. And now I will occupy the few minutes that areleft me in considering what seems to me the onlyplausible argument that can be urged in favor of theconstitutionality of slavery in this District. It may be said, that when a territory is obtained byone nation from another, whether by conquest or bytreaty, the laws which governed the inhabitants atthe time of the conquest or cession, remain in forceuntil they are abrogated by the laws of the conqueringor purchasing Power. For this principle, theauthority of Lord Mansfield, in the case of Campbellvs. Hall, I Cowper, 208, may be cited. The decisionsof our own courts are to the some effect. (See2 Gallisen's Reports; 501, United States, appt., vs.Juan Purchases; 7 Peters, 51, Johnson vs. McIntosh;8 Wharton, 543). I do not dispute the authorityof this case. But it does not touch the questionI am arguing; or as far as it beans upon it atall, it confess the views I would enforce. The principleis, that the existing laws remain in force untilthey are gated. I agree to this. But in thecase of the District of Columbia, there was a specialagreement between Maryland and the United States,that, as came as the United States should legislatefor the District, the laws of Maryland, as well, shouldcause to be  here. On the 27th day ofFebruary, 1801, therefore, all the rights which thecitizens of this District possessed they possessed underThe law of Congress, and not under the law ofMaryland. On the day proceeding, a citizen couldhave voted for Governor or other State offence ofMaryland; on the day following, he could no longervote for any such officer. On the day proceeding hiscould have  for  of President and Vice-PresidentOf the United States; on the day followinghe could no longer be so discharged. On theday preceding, he might have been required, througha justice of the peace of the State of Maryland, toperform militia duty; but on the day following, ifcommissioned as a justice of the peace of the Districtof Columbia, he could not be compelled to performmilitia duty, because he would, in such case,be an officer of the United States. On the day preceding,he might have sued in the circuit court of theUnited States, as being a citizen of Maryland; but,on the day following, he could not sue, because hehad ceased to be a citizen of a State. Thus thechange of jurisdiction over him deprived him ofsome privileges, and relieved him from some burdens.It deprived him of these privileges, and relieved himfrom these burdens, notwithstanding the act of Congresshad said, in unambiguous words, 'the laws ofthe State of Maryland, AS THEY NOW EXIST, shallbe and continue in force in that part of the said Districtwhich was ceded by that State to the UnitedStates.' But the most momentous change whichwas wrought by the transfer of the citizen from thejurisdiction of Maryland to the jurisdiction of theUnited States, was that which made it impossiblefor him any longer to hold a slave. Under the lawsof Maryland, he might have held his slave, for herstatutes had legalized slavery; but under the Constitutionof the United States, he could not hold aslave; for that Constitution had given Congress nopower to legalize slavery in tins District, and hadgone so far as to make prohibitions against it. Hisright to hold slaves then expired, or fell, like his rightto vote for United States officers, or for State officers;or his right to be discharged under the Marylandinsolvent law; or his right to sue in certaincourts, &, c. vs. vs. vs. until  as well     shallbe and continue in force One point more, sir, and I have done. Why, saysmy opponent, did not the right to hold slaves continueafter the change of jurisdiction as well as theright to hold horses? For the plainest of all reasons,I answer: for the reason that a horse is property bythe universal consent of mankind, by the recognitionof every civilized court in Christendom, without anypositive law declaring it to be the subject of ownership.But a man is not property, without positivelaw; without a law declaring him to be the subjectof ownership. There was such a positive law inMaryland; but Congress, for want of constitutionalauthority, could not enact, revive, or continue it.And such, I verily believe, would have been the decisionof the Supreme Court of the United States,had the question been earned before them immediatelysubsequent to the act of 1801. But now, asslavery has existed practically in this District forhalf a century, it is proper to pass a law abolishingit. It is better, under the present circumstances,that slavery should be abolished here by a law ofCongress, than by the decision of a court; becauseCongress can provide an indemnity for the owners,and let the slaves go free. But should it be abolishedby a legal adjudication, every slave would be hurriedaway to the South, and sold, he and his descendants,into perpetual bondage. property man An anecdote, which I have on the best authority,is not inappropriate. A few years ago, a citizen ofthe state of Connecticut absconded, leaving; a wifebehind him. He went to the State of Mississippi,where he took a colored woman as his concubine, hadchildren by her, acquired property, and died. Thewife and heirs in Connecticut claimed the propertyacquired in Mississippi. The claim was contested.The Hon. Henry S. Foote, now a Senator from thatState, conducted the defence. He denied the title ofthe wife in Connecticut, affirmed that of the concubineand her children in Mississippi, and cited thecase of Abraham and Sarah and Hagar, to prove thelegality and the propriety of the concubinage, andthe Divine authority for it. And surely, if the Bibleargument in favor of slavery is sound, Mr. Foote's argumentin favor of concubinage is equally so.diction where right is superior to violence, he isthen free; not because there is any change in theman, but because there is a change in the laws towhich the man is subject. An anecdote, which I have on the best authority,is not inappropriate. A few years ago, a citizen ofthe state of Connecticut absconded, leaving; a wifebehind him. He went to the State of Mississippi,where he took a colored woman as his concubine, hadchildren by her, acquired property, and died. Thewife and heirs in Connecticut claimed the propertyacquired in Mississippi. The claim was contested.The Hon. Henry S. Foote, now a Senator from thatState, conducted the defence. He denied the title ofthe wife in Connecticut, affirmed that of the concubineand her children in Mississippi, and cited thecase of Abraham and Sarah and Hagar, to prove thelegality and the propriety of the concubinage, andthe Divine authority for it. And surely, if the Bibleargument in favor of slavery is sound, Mr. Foote's argumentin favor of concubinage is equally so.diction where right is superior to violence, he isthen free; not because there is any change in theman, but because there is a change in the laws towhich the man is subject. This class in the  is ; has all purposes of determing the  integrationof words, it its as good as ever. This class in the  is ; has all purposes of determing the  integrationof words, it its as good as ever.      
