 The Boston Transcript, speaking of the anniversariesin that city, says: Transcript 'The American Missionary Association listened toan address from Rev. Dr. Cheever, which for powerof a certain kind has seldom been equalled. He madethe church and ministry out colossal sinners, and inas great need of repentance as the most confirmed devotesof the world. Few speakers, clerical or lay,accustom themselves to the use of such freedom ofutterance, or possess the ability to embody theirthoughts in a mental framework of as much strength,as Dr. Cheever.' The Boston Atlas and Bec, of the 3d inst., containsthis powerful address of Dr. Cheever, revised expresslyfor that paper by the author. It is entitled, 'TheCommission from God, of the Missionary Enterprise,against the Sin of Slavery; and the Responsibility ofthe Church and Ministry for its fulfillment.' It hasalso been published in a neat and cheap tract by JohnP. Jewett &Co. The following is its concluding portion—we regret that we cannot find room for thewhole of it in our columns:— Atlas and Bec Within two years, the progress of the slave despotismhas been appealing. For a while it wassomewhat slow and doubtful; now it rushes, plunges,and sweeps all before it, like a ground wavedriven by an earthquake. All the dykes of justice,all the tribunals connecting each with heaven,every enshrinement and entrenchment of righteousnessand truth, all the barriers of constitutionallaw, all the sentiments and axioms of freedom andhumanity, are flung down and rolled into the cataract.Every defence of liberty and right has beentorn away, and with a clean sweep the tide of thiswickedness pours down like and avalanche from thetop of the Jungfran Alps. The Constitution itself,in spite of the Declaration of Independence, impressedinto the terrible service, goes crashing overour consciences, liberties, and rights, instead of protectingand defending them. The Constitution islike a strong locomotive that has been used to draga heavily loaded train up an inclined plane; butthe summit being reached, the obstacles conquered,the train itself takes the supremacy on the otherside, and instead of being drawn, drives the locomotivebefore it. Just so the Constitution, being fetteredto the slave-despotism, has dragged the wholetrain slowly and with difficulty up the inclinedplane of compromises, conscience, and the people'sunwillingness; but the moment it has reached thesummit, which it has done, when the Supreme Tribunalof Justice, with the flag of the Drod Scottdecision, steps on board; then there is no more difficultyor delay; then the train governs, crowds drivethe Constitution before it, and it rushes down headlong.The Judges themselves remove the brakes,and sit enthroned upon the Constitution, governingit, not governed by it, at the whistle of this President,whose sole magnificent business, as ChiefMagistrate of the United States, has dwindled downto that of engineering for the slaveocracy. upon Now there is but one power under heaven thatcan stop this iniquity, or do the least thing againstits stay or hindrance, or hold out the least hopethat we can be saved from utter destruction by it,and that power in the Word with the Spirit of Godupon the individual and public conscience. Theclaim that the Constitution and laws, under interpretationof the Supreme Court, are to be obeyed,whether God's Word sanctions them or not, is somonstrous, so blasphemous against God, so destructiveof his authority in human affairs, that it seemsincredible that such an idea could have been bronchedin any Christian community. Yes, professedlyChristian men do not hesitate to set the Constitutionthus perverted, and the Dred Scott decisionwith it, and the doctrines of devils growing out ofthat decision, in the place of the throne of God,and the individual conscience is ordered, at all hazards,to bow down to it. So, as of old, 'equity isperverted, and judgment springeth up as hemlock inthe furrows of the field, and oppression becomeththe law, and the statutes of Omri are kept, and allthe words of the house of Ahab, and ye walk intheir counsels.' It does not need that a man should be an acknowledgedvillain to do this, or a pirate, or an apostatefrom Christianity, or a United States Marshal, orhangman, or Slave Commissioner and Judge of Prebate,where living depends on the support of sinunrighteous government; but professed man of Godcirculated these doctrine and prophet deal treacherouslywith them, and cause the people to errby them, as troops of robbers wait for aman, so the company of priest murder in theway by consent by silent sanction; and gray-hairedand eloquent minister, and Executive Committees,and Publishing Committees, and Prudential Committees,out of whom God cannot find a single gapmanfor his truth, throw themselves into the breachfor the defence of slavery, and denounce as fanaticsthose who in God's name call it sin. They bendtheir tongue like a bow for lies, bat are not valiantor the truth. They hate him that rebuketh in thegate, and the reprobation of sin as in their view agreater sin than sin, if the sinners say that, unlessthe sin he admitted, they will not receive the Gospel.They bind the Word of God, and seal up itsthunders, and muxxle the Tract Society and the pulpit,and the American Board, and suffer no man tospeak above his breath, when this iniquity is to bedeal with. by consent The fact that good men are involved in this conspiracyof silence, is what makes it so fearful, so powerful.if they were openly bad men, or had not gained therespect and confidence of the community, this contrivanceat this sin and their defence of it would nothe endured at all. It is thus that they are guilty ofdouble treason against God, in using the reputationwhich he has given them, to give currency to wickednessand lying. Under such examples, the sophistryof the apologists for slavery prevails with perniciouspower. Their doctrines glare and glitterupon the people, till their charm is like that of theserpent, whose eye fascinates its victim, so that, afara little trembling and flattering, all resistance isit an end. Under such examples, the conscience ofthe country is debauched and paralyzed, and thepeople are prepared to endure the most atrociousoutrages with tame acquiescence and submission.The ministry themselves, thus afraid and silenced,or persuaded into the policy of silence, as being theway of safety, peace, and prudence, lose all theirpower as the conductors of heaven's fire, and becomelike so many sticks of commercial sealing-wax.The electricity of thought, of truth, of freedomfrom the Word of God, stops where it first touches;it is insulated, it cannot pass to others; there is nospontaneous conducting power. Transitorily, perhaps,it melts the stick at one end, but their verycapacity for being melted serves only for sealing upand keeping close; and thus the whole ministry become,in regard to this tremendous, remorseless,all-devouring iniquity, no batter than the devil'swaling wax. Such w their uprightness, such istheir conservatism. Its very law and principle arethe wisdom of the god of this world, to keep God'slight from the conscience. Instead of a manifestationof the truth to every man's conscience in thesight of God, their method is concealment, and underit iniquity and falsehood run riot. The crisis to which we have come makes it imperativeupon every church, minister, and MissionaryInstitution to speak out. Even the South-returnedmissionaries sometimes bear their testimony againstslavery. How happens it that almost every man atthe North is silent? No voice is raised at the anniversariesof our Missionary Boards, though we hear,by letter* from our missionary brethren abroad, howtheir hearts are filled with anguish at the dreadfulprevalence of this sin, and how this stumbling-blockof our iniquity lies in the path of the Gospel;and yet, the moment they step on these shores, andpass through the ordeal of our conservatism, it is aperfect dephiogistication of their souls; the spirit,the anguish, the fire of indignation dies out; thepower almost of sight and feeling, in regard to theiniquity of this sin, is taken from them, and theonly condition on which they can escape the chargeof imprudence, insubordination, and fanatical sealwithout knowledge, the only condition on whichthey can keep on good terms with the leading men,and enjoy their confidence, is that of profound silencein the presence of that hideous crime which isthe Dagon of our nation's worship. Other men speak out. Dr. Livingstone is a witnessin print, and there being' other presses besidesthat of the Tract House, we get his testimony withoutmutilation, concerning the atrocities which weat home an fostering. Bat the moment a missionarysets his foot upon the soil of that republicwhere slavery is the law of the land, although, likeMr. Duff, he may have come from a country wherethey freely denounce this abomination, and wherehe himself has spoken against it, the spell of silenceis upon him; be is bitten by that pastoral hydrophobiadescribed in Isaiah, under which men becomedumb dogs that cannot bark. Even such men ofpowerful eloquence visit our shores at the most solemncrises in our long and dreadful conflict againstthe despotism of slavery, and depart without openingtheir lips in God's name to rebuke that iniquity,which yet they tell as from abroad is the greatesthuman obstacle to the spread and triumph of theGospel! Whence is this? How is this? Whatmeans this? Most their very letters pan through aquarantine at the Missionary Rooms, and are theythemselves carefully instructed, and theft utterancesstrained through the alembic of a Prudential Committee,the presiding genius of whose wisdom is representedin the loving kindness of the South sideview? Must their words on this subject be utteredin under tones and anxious whispers, as though agreat imprudence were committed m even advertingto it? Is there any such complicity in the AmericanBoard with slavery itself, that even then? ownforeign missionaries cannot speak? I think, until we can show some faces of flint inthe church, the ministry, and our Tract and MissionarySocieties, it becomes us to be modest inspeaking of the dough-faces in political life. Everywhere the power of bribery and debauchery in behalfof this sin is present, and every when almostomnipotent. No political party can be relied upon,nor any Christian society—afraid of the Word ofGod, afraid to say that sin is sin. But the Church, the Ministry and our MissionaryBoards ought to cut themselves free from suchdouble-dealing, to come forth entirely from all entanglementwith such iniquity, and all shadow ofthe sanction of it, having no fellowship with theunfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprovingthem. The American Missionary Association, bythis testimony as to the sinfulness of slavery, by refusing,them. The name of God and his righteousness, byto enter into covenant with any of the Churcheswhere it is sustained, by rejecting their offerings, asGod himself in his own Word rejected them, and byproclaiming his truth against the sin, are dealing amighty end continued blow for the reprobation andoverthrow of the system. The time has come whensuch decision and openness are requisite on the partof all Christian associations, in whatever shape;and certainly, when the system of slavery, which,in its beginning, continuance, and propagation, ispurely and surely manstealing, is set up inthe name of Heaven's mercy as God's missionaryinstitute, as well as enshrined in the nationaljudgment seat as the perfection of national justiceand law, every association for the spread ofGod's truth and the advancement of Christ's kingdomis bound to make known and act upon God'sabhorrence of such boundless impiety and crime. 
