 The Boston (Catholic) Pilot. in a characteristic articleon the recent anniversaries in Boston, says:— Pilot. 'The proceedings of the American Tract Society,the Peace Society, and the New England Anti-SlaverySociety, possessed elements of temporary interest.while the actors in them very comfortably succeededin making themselves believe that they wereeffectively laboring for the welfare of others. * *At the Anti-Slavery Convention— The Rev. Caleb Stetson, a Unitarian, declaredthat 'God has no right to do what man has noright to do.' The ex-reverend Henry C. Wrightand, 'To a God that sanctions slavery, I am anathiest: to such a God, the American God, I say—Get thee behind me, Satan; thou art an offence tome.'  Such were the blasphemies served up in thename of religion, as the authorised agents of theanti-slavery party understand it. A reverend Mr.Foss and one C.L. Remond, a mulatto, denouncedGeorge Washington as a thief and a robber, becausehe presided over the convention which framed theConstitution providing for the rendition of fugitiveslaves , which had been the settled law of the landfor a century before the Revolution. There was nomeasure to the hatred which these orators expressedfor such conservative Protestant clergymen as hesitatedto adopt abolitionism and disunion as an articleof religious faith. The Rev. Theodore Parker,the same who has so often ridiculed the scripturemiracles as fables and frauds, made a long argumentto show that the clause in the Constitution whichguarantees to every State 'a republican form of government,imposes upon Congress the abolition ofslavery in all the States in which it exists, as an imperativeduty. This he maintained in the name ofthe Christian religion, as he understands it, notwithstandingthat the same Constitution commandsthe restitution of runaway slaves, and bases the representationin the national house of representatives,and direct taxation in the slave States, upon thenumber of slaves. Now all this is very shocking;yet it is only Protestantism logically carried out.What Protestant, upon his own principles, can fairlycall in question Mr. Parker's right to propoundsuch views? The Protestant who should do sowould he very likely, in reference to some othertemporal question, to exercise the same right to insistupon something equally absurd as a fundamentalarticle of religious faith. A Mrs. Dull, who waspresent, put forth her views on the subject of therights of women to share with man in the affairs ofgovernment. She, too, spoke of her mission, 'as aduty which she owed to God, and to society;' andthus we have it, that the right of women to be menis a religious doctrine; and this idea had the heartyconcurrence of several of the leaders on the platform.The managing spirit of the convention was,as in previous years since the organization of thesociety, William Lloyd Garrison—the same whodenies the right of society to execute the death penaltyupon the convicted murderer, and who eloquently eulogized Orsini and his companions forattempting to assassinate the Emperor, and actuallykilling nine persons, who were within the range ofthe grenades thrown under the Emperor's carriage.So we have it all round from those wonderful expoundersof Christianity. To defend the nationagainst a foreign foe, by opposing force to force, isa sin, but to kill the owner and claimant of a slaveis a religious duty. To hang a murder is a sin,but to kill own who resists red-Republicanism is a religious duty, and entitles the slayer to an apotheosis.To restrict woman to the sphere of action forwhich the Creator designed and fashioned her is asin; but to impart to her the functions of man insociety is a religious duty.  To the promulgation ofsuch ideas was the 'Anniversary Week' in Bostondevoted. As we have said above, the meetingswhich attracted any degree of public interest werethose in which the ideas we have reprobated wereadvanced and approved, in the name of religion. 
