 The General Conference of the Methodist EpiscopalChurch at its late session in Nashville, expungedfrom the Book of Discipline all reference to thesubject of buying and selling slaves. According tothe constitutional law of the Church, three-fourthsof the annual Conferences must concur in this action.The vote stood, ayes 140, noes 8. The resolutionsthus almost unanimously adopted were asfollows:— Whereas, The rule in the General Rule of theMethodist Episcopal Church, South, forbidding'the buying and selling of men, women and children,with an intention to enslave them,' is ambiguousin its phraseology, and liable to be construed asantagonistic to the institution of slavery, in regardto which the church has no right to meddle, exceptin enforcing the duties of masters and servants, asset forth in the Holy Scriptures; and whereas, astrong desire for the expunction of said rule hasbeen expressed in nearly all parts of our ecclesiasticalconnection; therefore, Resolved, 1. By the delegates of the Annual Conferencesof the Methodist Episcopal Church, South,in General Conference assembled, that the rule forbiddingthe buying and selling of men, women andchildren, with an intention to enslave them,' be expungedfrom the General Rule of the MethodistEpiscopal Church, South. Resolved, 2. That in adopting the foregoing resolution,this Conference expresses no opinion in regardto the African slave trade, to which the rule inquestion has been 'understood' to refer. Five other resolutions follow, providing for thesubmission of this action in due form to the AnnualConferences for ratification, and requesting thebishops, in the pastoral address, to define the positionof the church on slavery, which is, that slaveryis a civil institution, with which the church hasnothing whatever to do. Last the adoption of these resolutions might beunderstood as favoring a renewal of the slave trade,Bishop Pierce explained the matter thus:— The whole philosophy of the proceeding seems tobe founded on the fact that it is not the province ofthe church to decide any question with reference toAmerican slavery. The Church South maintains thatslavery is not a subject of ecclesiastical legislation.The single object was, that while we disclaimed theright of legislation upon that subject, we wished tomake the Discipline conform to that profession.The Conference by its action this morning has notported with its authority, or the authority of thechurch over its members in any respect. Everymember of the church claims to be a loyal citizen.We declare here that African slavery is a purelycivil institution, and there is no reason for alarmabout losing church control. If we turn to the 23dArticle of Religion, we shall find there that thechurch retains its proper authority over its members,with reference to the subject. We therefore, bythis act, simply maintain our original position—that of having nothing to do with the subject ofslavery more than with any other civil matter overwhich the laws of the country are extended. I begthe brethren, therefore, to be easy. There is nothinghere to warrant any construction looking towards arepeal of the laws of the Untied States in regard tothe African slave trade. There is no occasion forsensitiveness, nor for any legislation on the subjectanywhere else. No harm has been done to any bodytoday. We have only set ourselves right on a vexedquestion; and we may safely defy all the efforts ofour enemies, North and South, to damage thechurch for taking a clear position upon this subject.' 
