 MR. PRESIDENT,—I have listened, for one, with themost hearty delight to the announcement that Mr.Parker has made, of what he thinks should be themain purpose in the labor of the coming year, especiallythat which relates to an enactment, on thepart of Massachusetts, that she ignores the existenceof the Fugitive Slave Clause, and takes her neck outof the yoke, at any rate. I am exceedingly glad tohave his ascent and concurrence in that resolution.Although that resolution stands, I believe, for thefirst time, here, and a fortnight ago in New York, inthe list of our principles and measures, it is some threeor four years since our friend Henry C. Wright hasbeen accustomed to urge it upon us. We have atlast come up to him. I remember, at college, whenour Natural Philosophy Professor used to put down amorsel of granite, or some minute atom of diamond,and then bring to bear upon it the positive and negativepoles of the electric battery, it disappeared in theblase. Now, my friend Henry C Wright stands outsideof the Constitution,—the negative polo,—andsends in upon as this massage—'Let Massachusettsenact that nobody shall be triad on her soil as a fugitiveslave.' Mr. Parker stands with his theory, insideof the Constitution,—he is the positive pole. Theyare brought together; and I expect to see that clausevanish, as the diamond did, in the shock of the concurrencebetween these elements that have hithertostood apart on this measure. I expect,—yes, I say itseriously, for I believe in the triumph of ideas,—I expect,that is the shock of that mutual labor, the timewill yet come when Massachusetts will tear it out ofher records, either by force or by construction,—I donot care which. We have never yet asked any thingof the Legislature which they have yet granted us—nothing! In the long list of our petitions, we canwrite 'Granted' against every one. We cannot sitidle. You know R. RESIDENT Granted 'Satan finds some mischief still,For idle hands to do,'  and so we turn our endeavors towards a new point.They have granted us the schools—they have grantedus the railroad cars—they have granted us intermarriage—they have granted as the welcome absence ofJudge Loring from the Commonwealth. (Loud Applause.)And now, having nothing else to do, andlooking round for employment, we have accepted oneof the 'crotchets' of Henry C Wright, and mean tostereotype it into a statute. (Applause.) Some people think it will never come. We mustlearn to labor and to wait. It is astonishing howmany evidences there are that it is coming, and comingvery last. You can hardly turn anywhere withoutfinding evidence that it is coming. Up in theState House mat winter, Caleb Cashing was continuallytaunting the Legislature that they ware makingthemselves a mere bob to the kite of Garrisonianismand yesterday, if you had been at the meeting of theTract Society, you would have found an eloquentmerchant, making his maiden speech, and the gist ofit was, that the Congregationalists were trying to tiehim, an Episcopalian, to the tail of the kite of Garrisouianism!You cannot go anywhere but you findone man charging another with becoming the tool ofthe Abolitionists. It is just like the poor lunatic inthe Scotch hospital, who thought he had dined off ofroast beef and turkey, fruit and jelly and preserves,but said, after all, it tasted wonderfully like gruel, thewhole of it. (Laughter.) , So, whether you go to ameeting of the Tract Society, or to the Legislature, orto a private gathering in New York or Boston, diecry is still the same. You cannot go anywhere butsomebody is charged with trying to pall the wholebody into an anti-slavery agitation. Well, this is theinstinctive, unconscious, unpremeditated, involuntaryexpression of the feeling which every body has, thatthey are gravitating toward radical anti-slavery, andcannot keep out of It. It is a vary welcome proof.Here is another. I sometimes think I will buy an old beck of fables,learn them by heart, and then come to the conclusionthat I know everything; for it seems to me as if oldproverbs and old stories, the concentrated wisdom ofages, left nothing to be teamed. Do you rememberedthe story, old as the grayest and brownest paperedschool book, of the farmer in the lawyer's office, andundertaking to state a case? He said that his bullhad gored the lawyer's ox. 'Very well, it is veryplain,' said the lawyer; 'you must pay me damages.''Stop, 'said the farmer, 'I have made a mistake. Itwas your bull that gored my ox.' 'Ah,' said theother, 'that is a different matter, and I will consultthe book: call again to-morrow. It is hard to sayhow the rule stands.' (Laughter.) Well, in 1835,the Boston Courier was in about the same state ofmind that it is now. (Laughter and applause.) Ithas not grown any. It has bean bought and sold agreat many times since, publicly as wall as privately,but it stands just where it did. But, mark! in 1835,it was the farmer's bull that had done the mischief,and so the Courier defended the gentlemen of propertyand standing,' 'in broadcloth and broad day-light,'in State street, who undertook to put down alegal meeting of certain women in behalf of the abolitionof American Slavery; and it thought,—theof Boston generally thought,—that it was onexceedingly republican, and safe, and excellent principle,that 'citizens of eminent gravity,' meeting inthe vicinity of the Atlas office, or on the sidewalk ofState Street, should undertake to settle few themselveswhether legal meetings of other people ware for thepublic benefit or not! They saw no danger in theprinciple; they defended it. It was not a mob thatwent there, and made a foal of Mayor Lyman; it wasthe 'gentlemen of property and standing, 'it was the'conservative element of the Commonwealth.' Thebest was on that leg, you see. It has got on the othernew. Chief Justice Shaw has decided that anybodymay go into liquor shop, where rum is sold withouta warrant, take out the bottles and demijohns, andbreak them on the curb-stone,—and this same Courieris very much alarmed!  It is awfully dangerous,it is illegal for the people to do any thing without awarrant! It is the Chief Justice of the Commonwealthnow that lays down the law, not the Atlasoffice; but still the Courier thinks the Judge musthave been 'jocular' when he made the decision thathe could not have intended it to be taken as law; theconsequences are such as no law abiding man can contemplate!You too, it in the other bull that has donethe mischief. (Laughter.) The moderate people,the sensible people, the people with dust on theirshoes, that do not tread on the payment with theChief Justice on their side proceed to abate, not legalmeetings, but public nuisances, and the lawyer has gotto consult his books to see whether damages are to bepaid. 'Call again in a day or two; this is a veryserious matter,' says the Courier. (Laughter andapplause.) Courier Courier Atlas Chief Atlas Courier other legalmeetings public nuisances, Courier. Here is another—they thicken so fast.  Some halfdoses years ago, I was invited to deliver an addressbefore a literary society in a neighboring city. Shortlyafter, I happened to be in the place, and not a manin the street, who asked me what I intended to talkabout. I had some dim idea in my mind and I triedto tell him. When I had done, he said, 'You mayspeak of any thing you please, for Rufus Choate comehere, and gave us a defence of the Fugitive SlaveLaw, as a literary exercise!' I came down to Boston,and not graduates of Harvard, who had just comefrom the first meeting of the Alumni of that institution,not to celebrate the literary anniversary of thecollage, stooped in Greek and Latin, and not one ofthem with an idea less than two thousand years old,except a very few perhaps, deemed dangerously 'fastmen.' because just waked up to the admiration of Addison,and young enough to believe Pope a poet.Rufus Choate was called on to address them and hedelivered another eulogy on the Fugitive Slave Lawand Daniel Webster. Now see where he has got. Aparty of young men address him a letter, asking himto deliver a Fourth of July creation, in which theysay— as a literary exercise 'Although this committee acts at the appointmentof an association partly political, it is proper that weshould say to you that by its express direction weare instructed to avoid with care whatever mightgive to the festivities of our national holiday any colorof partisan character. 'The great mass of our citizens have a hearty aversionfor the localism and partisanship which havebecome the established features for the celebration ofour 'independence day,' and hunger and thirst forsome taste of the boundless patriotism of carlier days.It is our desire to minister to this taste, and not ourselvescommit the offience we reprobate in others.' To which Mr. Choate, having many a sin like thosetwo on his conscience, replies— 'I appreciate very sensibly the courtesy of thisnotice, and with your opinions I perfectly concur.Whatever our public may choose, or of whatever theyare fatigued or desirous, or whatever may be affordedto them, of one thing I am sure, that this ought to bea day for the whole of our America, not a part of it;for the country not for faction; for the creation, andmemory, and diffusion of a comprehensive nationalfeeling, not for the advocacy of a party.' with your opinions I perfectly concur. Once ten thousand youthful orators, on the sunnyFourth of July, argued lustily that Liberty meantpermission to buy and sell slaves: and Union signifiedthe South everywhere—the North nowhere. Butthe boot has got on the other log, you perceive! Thechannel has shifted clean over, and the thoroughlyroused public have taken possession of every occasionand every platform to thunder forth Anti-Slaverytruth. Call a meeting for what you will it turns intoan Anti-Slavery Debate. The prophet now cannotcurse if he will—no praise of slave-hunting will issuefrom his lips; spite of himself his lips break into blessings,and say, 'Down with the bill—Liberty for thebondman!'  Old Concord bells refuse to ring in apro-slavery Fourth of July, and from Bangor as farwest as there was a Fremont voter, the glorious oldday swells and sings, roars and thunders, 'Breakevery yoke'—' Liberty first, Union afterwards!'—Hunkerdom in vain crying out for refuges and quarter,now at lost bethinks itself how wrong to use such aday for party purposes!! Union party It is your bull you see. 'I will look into thestatutes,' says Mr. Choate. It used to be, 'Hang outyour banner on the outer wall,'—'We are Unionists,Daniel Webster men, Fugitive Slave Law advocates.''Our castle's strength can laugh a slege to scorn.'It is the white flag now! 'Gentlemen, let us notminister to party! Let us be very general—no bitingallusion to individuals.' 'Don't mention the gallowsin the house of a man whose brother has been hanged!'(Loud laughter and applause.) A momentous change!They cry quarter. They go back to justice. Theyused to say, 'Let us got all we can, and let the loserstalk in vain of rights.' They are the losers now andthey begin to talk of rights and proprieties and nationalcourtesies. It is a sign that the balance haskicked the beam. It is a pregnant sign, when RufusChoate takes refuge from Fugitive Slave Law advocacyin the 'boundless patriotism,' in the 'speciousand glittering generalities' of an earlier period. Well,we do not mean they shall have any such luxury. your The fact is, every body has good principles, butnobody applies them. The only difficulty is whena man comes along and does what he says he will.—means what he says. We are not a sincere people.Our friend, Mr. Parker, told us, after he had given ushis programme for Massachusetts, that he wanted aparty that would say a Republican Government meantan Anti-Slavery one. Good! Let us anchor there.If there is a man here who believes it, don't let himdare to vote for any body who does not agree withhim. ('Hear, hear.') Do not go to your hearthstoneat home and there profess the constitutionaltheory of my friend Mr. Parker, and maintain thatthe clause, guaranteeing a Republican Government tothe State, gives the power to abolish slavery, andthen vote for Henry Wilson in November, until hewrites over his banner, 'I go for the power and theduty of Congress to abolish slavery in South Carolina.'That is, if you accept the theory, mate it with an act!(Applause.) Sterotype it! If there is a man whothinks the American Tract Society in New Yorkplaced itself under the shoe leather of the slaveholder,let him see to it that he never gives it the color ofa red cent. (Applause.) ACTS, as well as words!(Renewed applause.) Men do not trust you for yourtheory and principles, they trust you for your acts.The great difficulty, in a country and in a time likeours, is to be understood. You are not understoodwhen you lay down principles; you are understoodwhen you drag them down into daily life, and inferfrom them into each hour's conduct. I remember astory of one of our laborers at Portsmouth,—the womanwhose voice, of all now left us, was first heard onthe Anti-Slavery platform. She had had a slaveholder,a relative, attend a week's course of her lectures.Address after address he listened to, and hecould coolly criticize, object, and explain. The wordsof the speaker played round his head, but never touchedhis heart. But the sixth or seventh day, in thecourse of conversation, he said, 'That fact you statecannot be true, —I pledge you my honor.' 'Yourhonor! said she; 'why, I know you would steal;what reliance could I place on your honor?' He puton his hat, and was not seen at a lecture afterwards.He understood her! (Applause.) He had thoughtshe was arguing, theoretuically. abstractly, on principlas;that she did not come down to actual life. Thegreat thing is to be understood. The American TractSociety will understand Dr. Chaever a great deal better,notwithstanding all his eloquent, sublime, prophetic,glorious rebukes, that might claim him kindredwith Isaish,—they will understand him influitely betterwhen they come up to his church door for a contribution,and find it locked. But this is an act. If acandidate for office hears you say that you think theConstitution of the United States authorizes Congressto abolish slavery, he may think well or ill of it, orthink nothing of it; but suppose, when he comes toyou in November for a vote you say, 'It dependsupon whether you think Congress has the power toabolish and slavery, and whether, if you think as youmean to exercise it,—he will study the question inan hour, and come to a distinct impression nextmorning. I remember, some seventeen years ago,About Lawrence wrote a letter to Francis Jackson,saying that he did not have say opinion upon a questionwhich Mr. Jackson had asked in regard to certainalleged power of Congress. Every man who goes toCongress now, has a very definite opinion, and inrather anxious to have an opportunity to answer inanti-slavery letter inquiring what his opinions are. honor act. What we want, then, are acts following those theories.Bring them down into daily life. That discussionin the Tract Society yesterday amounts to nothing,if the same amount of money continues to go toNew York. You may argue for ever, Massachusettsmay resolve for ever, her speakers may be eloquentfor ever, she may exhaust the dictionary in epithets to describe James Buchanan; but the moment youcheck-mate the government by refusing to vote theappropriations, that moment the dictionary may beclosed,—you have reached something better than thedictionary. All I wish to add to that excellent programmewhich Mr. Parker started to-day is, that thosemen who do vote, who undertake to carry their ideas into polities, are not to shelter themselvesfrom our criticism or our rebuke by going into anAnti-Slavery meeting, and covering themselves overwith those theories. No! No matter what privatemen of the Republican party think—we care notno matter what is the theory of the hearth-side; wewant the theory avowed in its platforms, the purposedeclared in its methods announced to the public andreduced to practice at the ballot-box. You may thinkI am talking twenty years before the age—no, not atall. I am talking on the very eve of the ago. Weare rushing toward the cataract, nobody can tell howfast. The rank and file, the people, are infinitelynearer the consummation of this purpose than you imagine.All we want is the courage to own it. Massachusettsmight be led out of the Union in five years.If, when Kansas takes her seat, by pro-slavery representatives,as I believe she will in the Senate of theUnited States, the people of the Commonwealth ofMassachusetts could have the vote put to them whetherthey would remain in the Union under such a provisionof the Constitution or repudiate it, except thecommercial, you might say, the coined, heart of Boston,the vote, there is every fair probability, wouldbe, No! Come out!' Anti-Slavery has does it,and for more thoroughly, than we suppose; and if not here, then at least in the far West. In thenew States, where the weight of conservationism is Church and State is less marked, there, where thepopular voice is closer and warmer to the governmentitself, you would find a readiness to adopt and to meet this question of aspiration. But, what I claimof politicians, what I claim of the Church, is simplyconsistency;—that they shall act on the principlesthat they avow. What care I for the eloquent denunciationseven of that Giant at Brooklyn; Hemay exhaust the genius which he has inherited fromthe largest brain in the Orthodox doctorate of divinityin denouncing the American Church as the refugeof slavery, and when he goes into the church ofthe city of New York to build up, with both hands,a revival which is to strengthen that refuge of theslaveholder, he more than undoes the rebuke of theten previous years; for every atom of strength that heis contributing to the already tottering battlementsof that Church is laid on the heart of the bondman,(applause)—and he known it or he ought to knowIn an age like ours, the eloquence of the pulpit is little or nothing, if there be not behind it the bettereloquence, the louder protect of the LIFE. With thesurroundings of Henry Ward Botcher, girt aboutwith a family of clergymen, his reputation for orthodoxyyet unsullied, his standing as an evangelical Christian yet unattacked, if he were to slam his church door against the American Bible, Tract and Missionary Societies, it would be like the first gun at Lexington, 'heard round the world.' (ApplauseThere would be no more pro-slavery refuges on theEuropean continent, robbing themselves in anti-slaveryprofessions, and trying to explain their silence at home on the ground that Garrison was an infidel, and Theodore Parker did not fancy John Calvin.   Theywould be met with the admitted fact that the son of Lyman Beecher, the brother of Harriet B. Stowe,had shut his church against the benevolent institutionsof the Northern State, and that fact, that fact—facts have giant boots, and travel forty leagues aminute,—would journey the world over. The telegraphicwires would be attached to the steeple of theBrooklyn church, and the other and would be every Christian heart on the continent of Europe. We should need no explanations, no buts, no apologies. TheChristian of Europe would overwhelm the truckling,the faltering, the evasive, the ambiguous Centianityof those thirty-two hypocritical States. coined IFE. The American religion, the American Tract Society(both sides,) the resolutions of the protestants,and the resolutions of the Southerners, remind me alwaysof that nonsense of Maria Edgeworth—'I wentinto the garden, and cut a cabbage leaf to make anapple pie,—and gunpowder run out of the heels ofher boots.' (Laughter.) It means nothing; there isno cohesion in it. There stands Leonard Bacon,—able, far-sighted, intelligent, determined, a son of thePuritans, with the New England Review for his organand Yale College for his certificate of orthodoxy—andthey gagged him on the floor of the Tract Societyand about all he had opportunity to say was, to to the very man who was fastening on the gag. Bethune, and call him 'his worthy Christian brother'! How much do you suppose Dr. Bethune caredfor any vote, any protect of the man who acknowledgedhis Christian character, at the very moment that, for a so-called Christian, but really infamouspurpose he was trampling him under his feet? New England Review   This Society said, eighteen years ago, that no slaveholderin the American States, in this age of enlightenment,could be a Christian. The world cried 'Fanaticism'! That was one end of the wire. That cryof indignant anti-slavery instinct, never retracted,never explained, never compromised, never softenedringing through the clear air to-day, denyingChristian character of every man that holds himselfon the heart of the slave—men said, 'It is harsh.'The bayonent is always harsh; but it was the points of Perey and Pitesivn, it was the sword's pointsof Abercrombie, Howe and Rawdon, that forced the reluctant British soldiers up Bunker Hill the thirdtime, and carried the rampart against Prescott and Putnam. It is the bayonet of Henry C. Wright, and Theodore Parker, and William Lloyed Garrison, that has forced Leonard Bacon and Ward Beecher, for the third time, against those ramparts of a prostituted Christianity, and almost carried them. (Enthusiastic applause.) Just before 1821, when the Duke of Wellington feared that the British people meant to carrythe Reform Bill by numbers over House of Lordshe sent word down to Lancashire, to some seven or eight thousand trusty guards, to 'grind their swords.'All I have to say to the people who call this anti-slavery denunciation harsh in this—I hope it will be'harsh as truth, and uncompromising as justiceand if the bayonets are not sharp enough, Henry C. Wright,—if the ewards are not keen enough, William Lloyd Garrison,—'grind them! Force these reluctantChristians up to the rampart between themand the false Christianity which they are bound tounmask!  grind For me, the argument is simple. If this is vinegarand I put chalk into it, there will be a storm; and if I am certain it is chalk, and when I drop it there in no agitation, then it is not vinegar. So when in Christian Church, so-called, with forty thousand ministers, and an unmistakable, impeccable doctrine drop the awful sin of American slavery, if every member does not rise up and seize it by thethroat, it is no Church of Christ. Perhaps there aresome who need a longer argument a more detailedexplanation; but Pitcairn and Howe, Percy and Rawdondid not stop to argue; they forced their men up tothe onset.  We mean to do the same.     Every thing encourages us,—every thing! ThisAnti-Slavery movement commenced nigh thirtyyears ago, in an upper chamber, with twelve or fifteenmen to launch it. It was a whisper at the contraof the earth beneath Vesuvius. It gained strengthand force and vigor, until the mountain sides beganto quake. The people fly. The mountain smoken.Naples if alarmed. If you watch at midnight, you aresparks.  Cushing thinks tine State House is floatinginto the Anti-Slavery office, and Wm. B. Reynoldsfears that the Tract Society is to be crushed in beneaththe Liberator press. Those are the sparks ofVesuvius.  Beware! The first eruption that comeswill leave a chasm at Mason and Dixon's line that nochats of James Buchanan can bridge over; the firstexplosion that comes will leave a rent in the TractSociety that no compromise can solder up. Liberator 'Abstractions'—'words'!—Yes, but they grindgranite, Capitol and iron army to dust in the end. Comeand see us a year hence, three years hence, five yearshence, and we shall then have forgotten this questionof the Fugitive Slave Law in Massachusetts, andgone forward to a now one. You doubt us to-day.Help us with your countenance, help us by yourmeans, help us by fidelity to your own convictions,help us by doing yourselves justice at the ballot-box,and when your Legislature has not, the public opinionof Massachusetts will compel it to stereotype theseapplauding hearts into statutes. It will be a gloriousday. Charles Remond told us, a few months ago, that henot a man in Salem who was afraid to write Bostonafter his name in South Caroline. I am not afraid,but I have not the same pride now in writing Bostonafter my name that I once had. I want these pavementspurged and cleansed. I want to see a lustration.I want a Mayor, and a Marshal and a MajorGeneral, that shall make me forget those that havebeen. I want Boston to stone for having given backtwo fugitives within ten years by writing it on theforehead of her public life, that the moment of fugitivetouches her soil, no arm in the empire, or out of it,shall ever reduce him to slavery again. (Prolongedapplause.) The South makes a Constitution to suitherself; she has triumphed while we sit 'constitutionally'idle. Despotism does great things illegally,liberty does nothing at all 'according to law' Butlet us amend this. Clutch the same power theSouth usurps; flare it in her face. Show her herown maxims carried into practior. Give us a fulcrum,if it be no larger than Massachusetts,—a Stateconsistent, determined, construing the Constitutionfor herself—and then, when that hour comes, whenno slave that once reaches her soil shall ever return,the proudest jewels that the sons could add to thegalaxy of brightness the labors of the fathers havegrouped above us, redcoming the Commonwealthfrom the great mistake of our predecessors, would beto dig up from the two centuries of oblivion that gloriousstatute of 1645,—there is not a nobler on therecord of any Christian State,—that one which said—'We welcome the fugitives from the oppression andtyranny of all governments, and promise them protectionand support at the public expense.' When Massachusettsgoes back to that we will cover up theblackness of Webster with the first Winthrop, he withwhom the line went out, leaving no successor, (applause)—we will cover it with the Carvers and Bradfords,with the old Puritans, the men who made Massachusettsworthy of the cloggy that Mr. Parker gaveher—'the brain of the Union.' They say we are fullof 'isms.'  Thank God, we are! Virginia raises tobacco,Ohio pork, Louisiana sugar, Pennsylvaniairon; but Massachusetts exports Ideas. (Applause.)She has always been 'the brain of the Union.' Extend,her if you please, and cover New England—wewill take them all in. Full of isms!—yes, isms inevery thing; isms in Government, isms in the Church,isms in Reform. The State is full of them; let usthank God. While the others have been gatheringinto rich laps the harvests of the material world, thebrain of New England has gone sounding on and onin the pathless voyage of discovery, and working outfor the empire its noblest title to lead the van of progressin the nineteenth century. constitutionally according to law Ideas. Yes, she has done more than that. When theSouth wanted a leader, sagacious, strong and ableenough to defeat New England, she had to lay hold ofsome of her exported product in a Douglas. It wasa feather from the eagle's wing that killed him! Itwas a recreant son that was alone able to grapple withNew England in the great contest of idea: and ifthe schools and pulpits of New England had beentrue to their trade, the men that we send out to theSouth-West would not be purchasable as the Douglessand the Hammonds, who throw fifth on theirmothers, and do it but weakly, after all. If, insteadof a church that does not know what it means norwhat it wants we had a church such as this anti-slaveryenterprise is destined to give to New England, therewould have been no Douglass, who when they getto the end of their tether at Chicago, will turn backand pick at the breast that gave them blood. It is aproof that New England has never done her duty inthe education of her sons. We have right to findfault with the traitor Douglas, not with the coward Everett,—the man who woke up one morning and foundhe had unfortunately signed a document withoutreading it, and suspected that, under the influence ofmedicine, he had done, unconsciously, a generous act!Ah! I blush for the blood of Massachusetts that heshould have been born among us! (Enthusiasticcheering.) Her soil is mostly gvanite, there is butlittle surface loam, and it does seem, after that letterof his, as if he could not dig a place deep enoughto get into. (Applause.) The frightened spaniel tellsus, under his own signature, that he sent a note tothe editors of the Daily Advertiser, to put them ontheir guard, and to have it placed on record, in caseany body should allude to this indiseration;—he senttwo letters to friends in the Senate, to inform themof his mistake, in case reference should be made to itthere,—wrote half a dozen letters to friends in theSouth West, in case the press there should touch uponit,—and how many other copies of his dying speechand confession' he deposited in different places to makecertain that posterity should not suspect him, evenunder an opiste, of having sympathized with justice,I cannot tell. (Loud applause.) Did ever a whippedhound show more trembling anxiety to run no risk ofever being suspected of having peeped or mutteredagainst the dictates of the great Slaveocracy!  Whydoes he not place on record, in our registry of deeds,an apology for a long, free breath? And yet hewas a Massachusetts Governor, a Massachusetts Senator,and he is truly the representative man, themould into which the Professors at yonder Universityrun all the young genius that they can catch.(Applause.) The shape which he originally impressedupon the purpose of Harvard is not yet broken; andyou may travel a thousand miles West, and when youhear that balanced period, see that quivering finger,and hear that heartless self-abasement, you may knowyou have caught a Cambridge man, fresh from theEverett mint. (Loud applause.) But the old gravesof Plymouth have a richer soil, Bunker Hill has agreener sod, the loam of the Connecticut Valley has astronger life, and Massachusetts shall yet echo backthe vigorous and hearty patriotism of Sam Adamsand John Adams, and Paul Revere, and the patriotsof that age, who thought they had a country worthdying for, and dared to dic for it. It will come.Massachusetts will yet catch up the world-renownedanswer of Sam Adams, when he went home one evening,and found a slave girl sitting by his hearth, andwas told by his wife she was the gift of a neighbor,'Wife, when she crossed that door-sill, wasfree!' Massachusetts, I say, will catch up the nachosof the glorious principle, and put it on the statutebook: 'Sam Adams's door-sill is no more sacredthan the limits of the Commonwealth. We extendhis parlor to Berkshire.' (Loud and prolonged applause.)' Daily Advertiser 
