 At the New England Anti-Slavery Convention,Wednesday Morning, May 25, 1858. At the New England Anti-Slavery Convention,Wednesday Morning, May 25, 1858. [CONCLUDED.] Look a moment more at this constitutional guarantee.It is often said. The People of the UnitedStates, as a whole, have no right to muddle with thelocal institutions of any special States; that each to'absolutely sovereign.' But, then, what does thisconstitutional guarantee mean? Are these merewords of ceremony? Nobody can believe it. 'Theyare plain, without scruple; absolute, without any saving.'Other constitutional provisions also trench uponthe focal sovereignty of individual States, and werewisely objected to at the time of framing that instrument.The Federal Authority has no right to interfereand establish a Monarchical or an AristocraticForm of Government, but it is its Constitutional dutyto interfere and establish a Republican form of Government.The People wisely contemplated this contingency—that some State shall fail to establish suchinstitutions, or carry oat the Principles of the Declaration,and the Purposes of the Constitution; and sothey enacted this very clause, to meet the emergencywhen it should happen. The words are no more aceremony than these (Art. L, sec. viii, 14,) whichdeclare that Congress shall have power to establisha bankrupt law; or, (Art. HI., ate. UL, 18,) to punish treason. Nay, this article goes further—for itimperatively enjoins the duty, while they onlyconfer the power: it says—'The United States shall guarantesto every State in this Union a Republican Form ofGovernment.' It is not can, or may, but shall; notthe word of permission, but of COMMAND! imperatively enjoins the duty confer the power shall guarantes can may shall A Republican Form of Government,' says another,'is any Form of Government which a sovereignState sees fit to adopt.' Let us suppose, then, that afew rich and educated men in the State of Delawareshould have their Coup of Etat, destroy their presentinstitutions, and establish a theocratic despotism, withan absolute Pope, the monarchy hereditary in hisfamily, his children, numerous as those of a Roman(Celibate) Pontiff: that he should be the sole lawgiverin the little State, appointing all the local officers,and likewise the one Representative and the twoSenators in Congress!—would that be a RepublicanFoam of Government'? Would Congress allowthe creatures of this Napoleon the Little to sit inthe Capital, as equals of the Democrats of Wisconsin,New York, Ohio, New England? Not a day! Nay,the People of the United States would soon take thisDelaware Pope and his one horse concern of a monarchy,and pitch them into the sea, and establish a RepublicanForm of Government with a rough hand!But which, think you, is most at variance with thePrinciples of the Declaration and the Purposes of theConstitution—a despotic Papacy, which deprives menonly of political and ecclesiastical rights, or Slavery,which deprives men of all rights—ecclesiastical, political,social, domestic, individual? Coup of Etat Make the case still more plain. Then are four millionslaves in the United States. Suppose theywere all gathered into one State, Virginia,—it wouldnot he so densely populated as the State of New Yorkis now; it would have only about n third as many tothe square mile as Massachusetts. Suppose therewere only free men enough in the State to rule theslaves, say forty thousand; suppose they all belongedto one man, Hon. Mr. First Family, and he ownedall the real property in the State, made ail the laws,and appointed his two Senators and pack of Representativesto Congress: would Virginia have a RepublicanForm of Government Would the rest ofthe nation tolerate that state of things, and allow oneman to own four million men, and claim a proportionatepower in Congress? The absurdity is evident—self-evident. I make no words on that matter. Suppose those four millions slaves, condensed intothat one State, are owned by not men, does that alterthe case? Certainly not the difference is only quantitative—not in kind, but degree. Suppose they areall owned by 2000 men, 20,000, 250,000—the actualnumber of slaveholders—does that alter the caseNot at all; the diffusion of ownership makes no oddsin the essence of ownership. Certainly, that Statecould not have a Republican Form of Governmentwhen there were 4,000,000 slaves owned by 250,000masters. But, suppose the slaves are diffused, and the 4,000,000thus owned by 250,000 are spread over fifteen States:does that make any difference in the Principle? Notthe smallest in the world. If it be not consistent withthe Declaration of Independence and of the Constitutionfor one man to own 4,000,000 men in a singleState, and in virtue of that ownership to appoint allthe delegates therefrom to Congress; then it is notconsistent for 250,000 man to own 4,000,000 in fifteenStates, and in virtue of that ownership to have a proportionateshare in ruling the nation. It is no moreconsistent for the 250,000 to own one men, and debarhim from those natural rights which Governments areinstituted to secure, which the Revolution was foughtto protect, and the Constitution framed to establish,than it is for one man to own 4,000,000. But, if the matter is not yet quite clear, take oneillustration more. In New England, we have acelebrated Democrat, who has hold high offices, civil,and military, under all the parties which have beenin power since my boyhood. He declares that ourfathers made a great mistake in setting up a Damesracy with equal rights and universal suffrage: theyought to have founded a limited monarchy, with anestablished church, a hereditary Peerage, and its appropriategarnish. This famous man is just nowalike the champion of Slavery and the Democraticparty. Let us suppose he should preserve his historicalcontinuity of deceit, and betray his new coadjutorsas he has all his former helpers and friends—Whig.Free Soil and Republican; that he, with other mento aid him, should subdue all the unterriffed Democratsof Massachusetts, including the new convertswhich the late revival of administrative Democracyhas brought in at the eleventh hour, or only five minutesbefore twelve—hoping likewise to get 'every manhis penny' of national plunder; suppose he shouldenslave them all, and likewise all the Know Nothing,of the State, such as were born Know Nothings,them also that were made Know Nothings of men, and such likewise as have made themselves KnowNothings for the kingdom of earth's sake; supposehe should, moreoever, enslave all the foreign population—and reduces all these three great partice—Democrate,Know Nothing and Foreigners, to 'chattelspersonal to all intents, uses and purpose whatever,'There are quarter of a million Foreigners: the Democrats,with their families, are at least as numerous;and according to the census of the Know Nothings,made by their late Governor, whose reputation for veracityis beyond all question—there are in the State atleast 400,000, 'to a mathematical certainty.' Supposethe figures are correct and this conqueror, byhis Coup d' Etat, gains him 900,000 slaves—all ofthem white men which he distributes among 1000 ofhis fellows. Massachusetts has then a population of900,000 slaves, and 300,000 or 400,000 freeman. Supposefurther, that the 1000 slaveholders of Massachusetts,following the example of Virginia, desistfrom commerce and manufactures, let the fisheriesslide, and pay little heed even to agriculture; butmake it their chief business to breed white slaves forsale. And as by the action of England and other powersof Christendom, the African trade declines, supposeMassachusetts acquires the monopoly of the business,has no competitor in the Atlantic, and sells herwhite chattels into bondage at Cuba and Brazil, asVirginia sends the particolored descendants of her firstfamilies to Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana,Texas and a market. Suppose our Democrat, old inapostatizing, becomes the King of Massachusetts—absolutemonarch—'crushes out' all Freedom of thePress, the Pulpit the Pen, the Lips or the Hand —appoints his servants to the local and the nationaloffices—and sends appropriate men to represent himin the Capital—some of the present once would dowell enough—would Congress admit them there?—would they consider that Massachusetts had a RepublicanForm of Government? We all know whatthe decision would be. But, is it more anti-Republicanto reduce men to bondage than to keep them init? Is it conformable to the self-evident truths of theDeclaration to enslave a black man, and not a whiteman? Is it consistent with the purposes of the Constitutionto raise African for market in Virginian andinconsistent therewith to raise Irishmen, Democrats,Know Nothings for sale in Massachusetts? If theConstitution allows Virginia to deprive a single innocentblack man of his natural right to life, liberty, andthe pursuit of happiness, them it must equally allowMassachusetts also to rob white men of what the Revolutionwas fought to assure to both white and black! Coup d' Etat, Take another case. The Declaration of Independencesets forth the People's right to destroy an oppressiveGovernment, and establish a new one whichshall secure their safety and happiness.  But neitherin that paper nor yet in the Constitution do the Peoplesay that ethnologic origin or cutaneous color affectsthe self-evident rights of themselves and theirposterity.  Now in South Carolina there are 395,000Black man, and 274,000 White ones.  The Africanshave 121,000 majority in the State, but are wickedlyoppressed.  Suppose this majority should make aspecial application of this Principle of the Declaration,and should put the Blacks where theWhites are now—making them 'chattels personalto all intents, uses and purposes whatever,'and claim the additional number of Representativesin Congress on that account: would the Demoratsacknowledge that South Carolina had a 'RepublicanForm of Government when such a majority enslavedsuch a minority? But, if 'what is sauce forthe goose is sauce for the gander,' then what is a'Republican Form of Government' for the White minorityto enslave the Black majority withal, must beat least equally 'Republican' for the majority to enslavethe minority by. Extreme cases make shipwrook of false interpretations.They are the roadstead where just principles can ridesecure to embark their cargo or unload their freight.If we define a Republican Form of Government bythe Constitution, and the Declaration, which is itsprevenient Cause—then it is evident it must conform tothe Revolutionary Programme of Principles, and theConstitutional Programme of Purposes. It must be aGovernment which secures all men in their natural.Unalienable and equal right to life, liberty and thepursuit of happiness: such and such only! Now, asslavery is the denial of all these rights to the enslaved—as it makes the substance of the bondmen an accidentof the master—it is plain that slavery is utterlyincompatible with a Republican Form of Government—that no slave State has a Republican Form ofGovernment; that there are fifteen States in theUnion to which the Federal Power has not performedthe Constitutional duty which it is solemnly boundto perform. Any slave in the Union has Constitutionalclaim that Congress shall fulfill this obligation—set him free, and secure his natural, unalienable andequal rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. But there is one argument more against this definitionof Republican Form of Government—viz:,this: 'The classic and the madiaeval Republic allowedslavery—therefore it is not inconsistent with a Republicnow—nay, it is indispensably necessary; therecan be no Republic without slavery.' But these ancientgovernment had no such Declaration of Principlesand of Purpose as our fathers started with; theylaid down no great platform of natural Rights for allmen. The argument for slavery derived from theconstitution of these ancient governments is of nomore value than the similar argument from their rapacity,their cruelty, or the oppression of the Plebeiansat Rome who were yet not slaves. The degradationof man in the ancient republics is no more to be copied as essential to that form of Government thanthe degradation of woman. A constitutional representativedemocracy did not exist in the old timesAbuses in Greece, in Italy, in Germany, Switzerland,Holland, are no universal warrant for wickednessin America. I know there are men in Virginiaand South Carolina who quote Aristotle and Ciceroin favor of American slavery; they seem to have readthe translations of these authors only to get argumentsagainst the natural rights of mankind.  Similar menhave studied the Old Testament but to find out that Abraham was a slaveholder, that Moses authorizedbondage; and to have read the New only to find divineinspiration in the words of Paul, which they wrest into this: 'Slaves, obey your masters!'  Ifthey have the Christian religion and the Spirit of Humanityagainst them, they have the Hon. EdwardEverett on their side. Besides, in a progressive People there must be aprogressive interpretation of many institution andstatutes. Thus the laws of England did not change,but ship-money become illegal; and slavery perishedby an interpretation. No number of decides bylearned Judges, no royal usage, no popular acquiescencefor centuries, could withstand the demand fornatural Justice made by the increased knowledgevirtue and humanity of the progressive People. AtLondon, Mr, Bernard has just been tried under lawswhich have put the halter round a hundred necks;no doubt he did the deed changed on him, but a LondonJury righteously acquits the man. The ChiefJustice of the King's Bench, who presided at thetrial, in another post, has done much to promote thismoralization of the law, by expounding it to suit thehumans spirit of an enlightened age, and the moralpurpose of Law itself, which, as Heaker says, 'hasits sent in the bosom of God.' But I need not cross the seas for examples of thisprogressive moralization of institutions and of statutes.In the Amendments to the Constitutions, ArtVIII., it is provided that 'cruel and unusual punishments'shall not be inflicted.' If Congress shoulddeserve the punishment of crucifixion against all whoaid a fugitive slave, could that terture be justified asneither cruel nor yet 'unnatural,' because it had beencommon in the Roman 'Republic,' or because Alender—the pupil of Aristotle, the most thinking manin the most democratic of ancient 'Republic'—forno offence at all, once crucified two thousand captiveTyrians in a single day! In the time when thePeople made the Constitution, some of the Statespunished certain offences by branding with ahot iron, by cropping the ears, and other mutilationseven more atrocious. Suppose Congress shouldpass a law inflicting the most odious of those tortureson defaulters, on members of Congress when the Presidentopenly bribes to vote against the well-knownprinciples of justice, is there any men who would justifythat punishment by declaring that once it wasusual and would not now be considered 'cruel'?No doubt there are such men in New York.  I know there are in Boston—but the People do not go to thecess-pools of society to find a test of right and wrong. I think the form of indenture for apparition to thebusiness of the goldsmith in England, as far basic asthe 14th century, provided that the youth should receive'sufficient instruction.' Suppose a lad is apprenticednow by the same form of indenture, andthe master gives him just that amount of 'instruction'which was 'sufficient' for a goldsmith's apprenticethen, and no more, is there a jury in America thatwould justify the master's neglect on the technicalplea that he had done all 'the worshipful company ofGoldsmith in London' would require, five hundredyears age? If, in Boston, a surgeon should amputate a lady'sarm at the elbow, and plungs the stump in boilingpitch to stanch the blood, and the she should die of theoperation, and he were indicted for manslaughter,could he justify his malpractice by showing that such was the common method before the time of Hippocrates,and was recommended by that great master ofthe ancient art? In Article I. of the Amendments to the Constitutionit is provided that Congress shall not prohibitthe free exercise of religion. The District of Columbiais under the exclusive jurisdiction of Congress.There are Catholics in it. Suppose a company ofCatholics should burn a heretic alive, as they havedone many a thousand times, and as some of theirwriters declare they will again, as soon as they havethe power, could they justify themselves on theground that it was a part of their religion to do so!quote the old English statute de Haeretico comburendo,and adduce a long list of precedent, running back tothe fifth century, and appeal to this clause of the Constitution?Suppose the present 'revival of religion'should work southward and by some 'special miracle'should incline the heart of one of the great SouthernSenators who are champions of slavery to a particularact of his new zeal. Suppose he should sacrificehis son as a burnt-offering; let us suppose itwas not his only son, not even the son of his wife, butof a bond-women—the Patriarch is imitated in moreparticulars than one. When brought to trial forthe willful murder, could be justify it by appealing tothis clause of the Constitution, declaring it was in thisfree exercise of his religion that he did the deed, followingthe example of the mythical Patriarch, towhom the more intention was 'imputed for righteousness;'and declaring that he who had done the deedwas as much more 'rightness' than Abraham asWorks are better than Faith, which cannot be seenwithout them? I doubt that a jury would acquithim on that constitutional defence, for there has beensome little progress in the idea of Religion since thisdays when it was thought that God delighted in humansacrifice. the free exercise of religion. de Haeretico comburendo, exercise of his religion Our own institution are continually modified bythe spirit of the age, nay, even by the party that controlsthe nation for the time.  Need I mention theconflicting judgments of Expounders of the Constitutionin regard to a Bank, a Protective Tariff, InternalImprovements, and the like.  'Contemporary exposition,'says the maxim, 'is the strongest of all.'  Itis only a rope of sand, which binds no man.  Jefferson's'exposition' was old enough to be 'contemporary'in law; he thought the Constitution did not justifythe acquisition of new territory, and recommendedan amendment to stay the purchase of louisiana.Who believes it now?  It has been the settled practiceas well as the consistent theory of the AmericanGovernment, to regard colored freemen as citizens ofthe United States.  All at once, the Supreme Courtrepels the 'contemporary exposition, and overthrowsthe established principles of law.  there has been aprogressive demoralization of the Constitution, andno wonder men should cry out against a plain applicationof one of its most valuable provisions! Of Course, I do not suppose that this guarantee ofa Republican form of Government applies merely tothe liberation of slaves: one day, the humanity andknowledge of the age will decide that the Declarationof Independence and the Constitution itself are adequateto secure the natural rights of WOMAN not lessthan men. But lot us take one step at a time: soshall we be ready for the next.  one step It is not only unconstitutional, it is also most dangerousto admit that Slavery is consistent with a Republicanform of Government. The South claims aconstitutional right to that anti-republican institution.In her own affairs, the North decides againstit, and costs it away with scorn and loathing: butshe forgets the sacred obligation of the Constitution—its solemn guarantees—and allows the minority ofthe South to have their wicked way at home. Seethe pernicious consequences. In each Southern Statethere has grown up a hateful Oligarchy, a Few-men-power;it is not an Aristocracy—the rule of the best—but a Kakistocracy—the rule of the worst,—of theworst rules of conduct, if not the worst conductors.There is a privileged clans, with the odious monopoly ofmaking property of men. The few slaveholders rule the majority in all theSouthern States:—they own the blacks, they overpowerthe post whites. While enriching themselves,they yet impoverish the community and the State;they hinder education; they debauch and demoralizethe People. They control the nation. It is theircreatures who hold the Federal offices, and rule theNorth. They invade the local rights of the NorthernStates — in the examples I have already given, andmany more. If the North makes the law, the Southappoints the judges, who can unmake it by theirexposition. The Supreme Court is a judicial revolverin the Southern hand—or is it, rather, only aBludgeon? judicial revolver It is painful to see the increase of central power,and the decay of local self-government. NorthernState rights are trod down to the dust beneath thehoof of the Federal power. Slavery is the cause ofthis vicious centralization. Since the Alien and Seditionlaws were made, intended to gag men, I thinkof no advance towards despotism, except what hasbeen made by the Slave Power to defend its peculiarinstitution. The guarantee of a Republicanform of Government is a security against centralizationof power. It is the People's command to establishlocal self-government in every State by the Principlesof the Declaration, and for the Purposes of theConstitution. Northern men are strangely unfaithful. They donot attack slavery itself. I think there is now no politicalparty in the United States which declares itselfhostile to slavery. It is only the incidents or the accidentsof slavery which the Republican party opposes.They cry out against 'extension of slavery,' notagainst the existence of slavery itself. So they havemeasures without a Principle. Commissioner Loring,while Judge of Probate for Suffolk County, kidnappeda man, and sent him back to slavery; he put offthe widows and orphans who came to his Court,thinking the sacrifice of a man was more to be desiredthen mercy, or even justice. The State was movedwith indignation, and sought to hurl the unjust Judgefrom the office he disgraced. After many delays,shufflings and dodging, the matter was brought beforea Republican Governor, who removed him, buttech pains to declare that he did not do this becauseher Loring had kidnapped a man — 'no official opinionof his entering into my consideration of the question,and no official act constituting an element in thejudgment I have formed. Thus the Republican party fails to satisfy the moralsense of the People, and to command the respect ofthe merely thoughtful, who, if they do not feel justlyor love mercy, can yet see inconsistency, and despisemeasures which are bottomed on no principle, andscorn the men who are false alike to their convictionsand their opportunities. Thus in the late Presidentialcampaign the party nominated for its champion a mannever before identified with its principles, or even devotedto its measures. Hence, fortunate for itself,it was defeated. No Political Party has yet a platformhigh enough to command a full view of the field,or lift its representatives up to such a moral elevationas shall draw the eyes of all good man. It is clear what we ought to do—the North mustdeclare 'SLAVREY NOT TO BE TOLERATED IN A REPUBLICANFORM OF GOVERNMENMT. No SLAVE STATE INMAN.  IMMEDIATE ABOLITION.  NO SLAVE STATE INTHE UNION.'  We shall come to that by and by, notall at once—little by little—stop by stop, not by ajump. Nihil saltatim, gradatim omne, is good Latin.Already the People look that way. What theywant is a LEADER, who is not only intellectuallysharp, but also morally just. More intellect, lookingonly after what is profitable for to-day, can never seeJustice, God's idea of what is profitable to all men,and forever; while yet a conscientious woman willknow it at once, and can give the counsel which wouldsave a State. The nice car, laid to the ground, hearsthe airy footstep of the thunder, when a great waysoff; yet it never seen the Rainbow, close at hand,which yet every clear-eyed boy in the farmer's barnyardlooks on with wonder, delighted at that hand-someangel who tells him the storm is over and gone!Real faculty has its function; those of cunning andconscience are not the same. LAVREY EPUBLICAN ORM OVERNMENMT. LAVE TATE Nihil saltatim, gradatim omne, EADER Justice In 1727, the People of the United States toleratedslavery as a Mesure—all the States had it them, saveMassachusetts alone, as I think—though Mr. Haleadds also New Hampshire, and I wish he may be ascorrect here as he is commonly right elsewhere.But the People of the United States never admittedslavery as a Principle. So, not only inthe Declaration do they lay down maxims, thenorm of Institutions, and in the Constitution, thenorm of Statutes and Customs, do they also proposepurposes utterly destructive of Property in man, butin the Constitution they would not tolerate the wordslave or Bondman, lest they should be thought toadmit as a permanent principle of Politics, what theyonly tolerated for the moment as a measure of necessity. But after the People, in their weakness or wickedness,allowed slavery as a measure, than theSouthern States got possession of the Government,claimed that slavery was a Principle, a ConstitutionalPrinciple, a necessary Principle, and developed it intonumerous measures hostile to the self-evident Truthsour fathers fought for, and subversive of all the greatPurposes for which they built the Union up. Slaveryis a Principle—the special Principle of the SouthernStates—the distinctive Shibboleth thereof. But Freedomis also a Principle—the distinctive Principle ofour Revolutionary and our Constructive Purpose.The two cannot long continue in the same Government.The People cannot go back wards to Slavery,and the despotic ruin which that abuts on; andat the same time go forward to Freedom, and themanifold welfare it lands to. American cannot haveRegress and Progress at the same time. There is one great Political question before theAmerican People—'Is Slavery consistent with theRepublican form of Government which the Revolutionwas fought to secure, and the Union establishedto found?' Parties represent the tendencies ofthe People. They are experiments, guide-boards, toprint this way or that. There is no political partywhose finger indicates the road to that true RepublicanGovernment which shall realize the Principles andPurposes of those great documents of the People. It isonly on this platform that these gravest of all matterscan be now discussed; no where else are they lookedfairly in the face. But still the question forces itselfinto the Polities of the nation, of every State, of eachconsiderable town, say, into all the theological acts.The slaveholders and their vassals, North and South,loudly declare, 'Slavery is essential to the Republicanform of Government.' The rest of the nationfeel that Freedom is the essential of a Republic, yesof all continuous progress and of all sure Welfare;but they dare not say so yet. What cowards we are! Hence the best instituting of North are an objectof continual attack. The South (I mean theslaveholders) hate the North, hate her ReputationPrinciples, hate her Democratic Purposes, hate her Progresshate her Welfare, hate her best men! Theyseek to ruin us. Fusty years ago, they made a tariffto ruin us. commerce of the North; then they un-madeit, to ruin our manufactures. The Sensorialexecutive repeals the Bounty paid to the Northernfisheries; Mr. Boyee, of Beth Carolina, proposes toabolish all custom-houses, and collect the nation's revenueby a direct tax. I wish the plain might success,and will do all In my little power to help thework. But white I would recommend as a greatPrinciple of Democracy, which will deprive the FederalGovernment of the means of corruption, the Hon.Senator from the State of Bully Brooks and Keitt desingsit only as an oligarchic Measure of Revenge,meant to harm the North. That stone thrown intothe air would tell back on the Southern hood, and destroyhalf of sight I know not how political officeholder. I say the Federal Government greatens at theexpense of the Northern States. Every increaseof that central power enlarger the courage, thestrength, and the malignant insolence of your Southernmasters.  Listen to Senator Hammond: the NewEngland men are slaves; you and I are slaves; but,als! we have no marten bound to take care of uswhen lick and old! Compare the last four Administration—that of Polk, Fillmore, Pierre, Buchanan;see with What escalated velocity they descend towardsslavery. What effect have been made by the Slave Powerto prevent the people of Kansas from establishinga Republican form of Government! what monstrousmoney has been spent to enslave Kansas!what efforts are making still! The battle betweenFreedom and Slavery is now waging there. Thequestion is now before her people, 'Will you make aRepublican form of Government, or take the anti-Republicanwhich the Slave Power seeks to force onyou with the bayonet?' The Measure is of great importance,the Principle of yet more. There are twoplans of action for the people there to choose between. 1. The wicked plan—to accept the Lecompton Constitution,take the bribe of English's Bill, come intothe Union as a slave State; then repudiate that Constitution,and make a now one prohibiting slavery.This course will be recommended by political Jobbers,land-speculators, and many men who have axes togrind; but it is wrong, it is impracticable, and liableto defeat at every step; it is not likely to succeed,and is disgraceful if it prosper. II. The just plan—to vote down the Lecomptonconstitution, repudiate English's Bill, organize underthe new Leavenworth Constitution, and appeal to thefreemen of the North. Them will be no violence offeredby the Federal Government. A new electionof Representatives to Congress takes place next autumn.Then the Northern men who voted for Mr.English's Bill to force the Lecompton Constitution onKansas, will go whore they who voted for Douglas'sKansas-Nebraska Bill were driven at the subsequentelections. The new House of Representatives willcome together in December, 1859, fresh from the peoples.Some advantageous changes will have takenplace in the Senate; Unitary New England will counttwelve in a column of Freedom! Kansas will apply foradmission as a free State; Mr. Buchanan, unpopular,going out of power, will not be able to scare men,coax, or even to buy them us now. The House ofRepresentative will accept the new State, and offerbar a richer dowry than the Slave Power now tries totempt her with. The Senate will seek to settle theKansas difficulty before the Presidential election ofthe next year, and so will gladly admit her. Kansaswill lose nothing but a little time, and that loss will bea gain to the Anti-Slavery party of the North. Within a few days, Minnesota hoe become a State;Oregon will soon come within the ring; Kansas cannotlong be kept out. All these will be Anti-Slavery States.While territories, they are necessarily kept tied tothe polities of the administration party; but whenindependent States, their individual character willstraitway appear. Soon there will be a majority ofSenators hostile to Slavery. I think we shall neversee another slave State added to the Union, nor anotheror slavery-President dealing the Capital Afterlong waiting for 'something to turn up,' Mr. Everett,it seems, has now nominated himself for the highestAmerican officer, and put himself on the country.Guided by the 'Southern matron '—a woman fromthe Bludgeon State, who had never a husband noreven a child—this professional rhetorician hat gonedown to the electioneering deep to do (fishing) businessin the great waters. With the cold load of hischarity sermon for sinker, and a small place of GentealWashington's dead body as bait, he costs hisline upon all waters, bobbing for the Presidency!But, sins M think he will toil all the night of his oldage, and catch nothing, for the South baa just repealedthe bounty on Northern fishery! Instead of the spoilsof that deep, he will take only an 'anodyne,' and servebut to 'point a moral and adorn a tale. 'No, Mr.Chairman, I think we shall never have anotherslavery-President. That creature has been weighedin the balance, and found wanting; his days are numbered,and will be finished soon. No victory of theSlave Power ensures to the advantage of that Power.The Mexican War, the Fugitive Slave Bill, the KansasNebraska Bill, the English BUI, they are four jumpsof the frog in the well each time he went up a foot,but slid down three more before ho leaped again!Slave-President Pierce came into power with a vastmajority—ho went out with more; slave-PresidentBuchanan could not get the People's vote—he is aminority President But what power he had lastDecember, a majority of twenty-two in the House ofRepresentative! What is it new? Where will it be inDecember, 1869?—where will be and his party be inDecember, 1860 Slavery is immoral; it is also unconstitutional. Itmust be pat down by the social action of the People—if not by Local Self-government the Southern States,then by the Federal Arm of the whole nation— peaceablyif they will, forcibly if we must. The work ofAbolition is moral in its substance; it is likewise politicalin its farm. While from the stand-point of individualconscience, slavery is a Waoxe—what ministerscall a SIN—from that of American Polities, itis the denial of a Republican farm of Government, arepudiation of the Principles and Purposes of theAmerican People, solemnly eat forth in both the Revolutionaryand the Constructive Programme—theDeclaration of Independent and the Constitution ofthe United States. All Federal outers hold officeunder the Power of Attorney which the People swearthem on; by that. Congress has no authority toestablish slavery in any territory, to protect it inany territory, or to allow It la any State; the Presidenthas none, the Supreme Court has none. Not aman in the United States is Constitutionally a slave;for the language of that Power of Attorney is imperative—the People command: 'the United States SMALLguarantee to every State fat man Union a Republicanform of Government.' IN Now, I often hear it assorted, by warn and goodmen, that the American people never will abolishslavery. They do not mean, I take it, the never' ofeternity, but the nerves of a very long period, say athousand, or five hundred years. Now, look at thisWithin the last 340 years, three great question havecome up before the Anglo-Saxon People. I. The first was the question of the 16th century.It was this—Shall the Pope of Rome rule the BritishChurch, after his own sort, or shall the-British Peoplerule that Church,—determine its doctrines, define itsform, and control its practice?  At first, it seemed asif the British People must certainly succumb to theRoman Pope, for in his hand he had the armies, thetreasures, the learning, the talent of Europe; the publicopinion of the world was on his side. It took morethan half a century, well-nigh a whole hundred years,to settle that great question, and then the Pope wascat out from the four seas of England: from thatday to this, he has best a heretic in Britain. Thatwas the question of the 16th century in England, andthus did our fathers meet, and answer it there. II. In the 17th century, there came another question,equally terrible. It was this —Shall the Startkings control the British State, or shall it be amenableto the British People, —King, Lords and Commence,with a Constitution bottorned on the People's comment?Here, too, there was an immense power opposed tothe People, for the Stuarts had possession of thethrone; they had the armies, the institution, thetalent, the treasure. The quarrel began in 1683,when James the First, came to the crown; it did notand until 1568, when Britain cast James the Secondclear over the sea, and his family have been 'Pretenders'ever since. That strife lasted more thanfour score years, and it was decided in favor of progress,liberty, and the rights of man. But to settle that question, some of the ablest andmost spiritual families of England must flee from theirnative land, and here find a home in the wildnerness.So, while this question was getting settled, the AmericanColonies were at the same time getting plantedThey grow up under the shadow of the Americanforest, wherein they started with nothing but theirmanhood in them, and the wilderness about them. III. In the 18th century, they had grown a greatand powerful people, then esteemed some two or three millions strong. Then came the third greatquestion, —that of the 18th century, —namely—Shallthe American People be controlled by the BritishKing and Parliament, or shall they make their ownlaws and found their own institutions, such as suitalike the instinct and consciousness of the People? Have, too, it seemed as if the power was all onone side, and only all the right on the other: forthe British King had the navy and the army, hehad the effaces, the restitutions, the church andthe treasure, and of course he had the means to buryup young ambition, and control much energetic talent.That quarrel began in 1753, and it was not settleduntil 1783. But here, too, the name spirit prevailed,and the American People answered that question as wellthe three others had been settled, in favor of progressand the rights of man. IV. Now, in the 19th century, with the same raceof men, there comes up this terrible question, likewiseto be passed on by the same People, —Shall the AmericanRepublic be a Democracy, guaranteeing to everyman his 'natural, easential, inalienable right to life,liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,' or shall it degeneratedown into a despotism, where property inman is recognized as sacred, and that despotismspreads itself until every footstep of Democracyis wiped clean out of the continent? Now, as before,the chances seem to be against us; for the SlavePower has got possession of the Government, it controlsthe Church likewise, it has the army and navy,it holds the mighty treasure of this continent;and it has the means to buy up young ambition,and take aspiring talent in its hand. But the Anglo-Saxonblood is still the same as it was in the 18thcentury, in the 17th, in the 16th, and it will decidethis question as each of those others, —in favor of progressand the rights of man. A nation, a great tribeof men, does not lose its histories continuity of action,unless it grows feeble either by natural or prematuredecay, or mingles an excess of other ethnological elementsin its veins, and so corrupts its blood, andperishes. The American people has done neither theone nor the other. It is not old enough either maturelyor prematurely to perish by decay, and it has notyet filtered bad blood enough into its veins to changeits character. Depend upon it, we shall do as ourgrant grandfathers did in Britain in the 16th century;as our grandfathers in Britain did in the 17th century;and as our fathers in American did in the 18thcentury. But, alas! each of these three great question wassettled by war. Yet. it seemed at first the evil mightbe abolished by peaceful arbitrament. Surely. therewere historical precedents and theological doctrinesenough in the 16th century to have given the Peopleof Britain control over their own church; in the 17thcentury, there was law enough to secure Britain aconstitutional and limited government; and in the 13thcentury, our fathers had enough charters, statutes,customs on their side, and still more, enough Right'to enable them to settle the question, we shouldsuppose, peacefully, and without drawings the sword.But the party that was to be overcome, the partythat must yield, in the 16th century, in the 17th,in the 15th, was the same that held the pursein its left hand, and the sword in its right hand; andwhen did such a party ever yield until that purse wasclutched back, and that sword was taken to cleavethe tyrant down from crown to groin? Never yet. The time, I think, has passed by when the greatAmerican question of the 19th century could havebeen settled without bloodshed. In 1856, it was possible.It may be that in 1854, when the Kansas-Nebraskaquestion was before Congress, there was stilla chance for a peaceful settlement of the matter. Butas that opportunity has been lost, I think now thisterrible question must be settled, as all the precedingones, by violence and the sword. I deplore it exceedingly.I hate war, but injustice worse than war.Had I lived in the sixteenth century, I wouldhave entreated the Pope; and when he would notbe supplicated with words, I would have persuadedhim with the battle-axe. In the 17th century,I would have argued, and quoted Magna Chartacustoms, statutes; and when the Tyrant would notyield, I would have shown him, what Cromwell alsotaught, that kings, too, had a joint in their nocks,and that the People could find it. In the 18th century,I would have petitioned, and remonstrated, andcast 'myself at the foot of the throne,' as our fathersdid; but when spurned form that throne, I would havedone as they did, cast my pewter spoon and plattersinto buttets, sold my last load of hay to buy a musket,beaton my ploughahare into a sword, and said 'Libertyfirst, ploughing afterwords.' So, in the 19th century,and no it is, I think we must come at last to thatsame issue. New England, Massachusetts—I do not know whatthere is in her blood, but there is this is her history,that all the great ideas which have made their fortunein America, and which at the same time havealso made America's fortune, they are New Englandideas, Massachusetts ideas. There was something inthe blood of those Puritans who planted themselveson these shores which gave their descendants a powerof ideas, and a power of action, such as no people beforeour time has ever had. It was Massachusetin thattook the initiative in the great strife of the 18th contury;it is Massachusetts that has taken the initiativein the greater strife of the 19th contury. Whereverthe Platform of Freedom is laid down, it is New Englandmen, Massachusetts met who stand up thereon.It may be in New York, in Washington, in Cincirnati,in Philadelphia, in California, —no matter where,it is New England blood that is there; it is New England'svoice that speaks. Here, too, this great workbegan, here let the first decisive stop be taken. There are two things I want Massachusetts todo. A few years ago, Charles Sumner was railed atin the Senate because he had sworn to support theConstitution of the United States, and was asked howhe could do that. He said, 'I support the Constitutionof the United States as I understand the Constitutionof he United States.' They then asked him, 'wouldyou do this thing! 'Yes.' 'Would you do thatthing! 'Yes.' 'Would you return a fugitiveslave?' I think it was Mr. Mason, or some of hiscoadjutors, who asked that question,—and Mr. Sumsersaid, 'Is thy servant a dug that he should do thisthing!' There spoke the spirit of Massachusetts!Now, I want the State of Massachusetts to say to theUnion, Is thy servant a dog, that she should returna fugitive slave?' as I understand the Constitution 1. I went Massachusetts to pass a law, next winter,declaring that no fugitive slave shall ever be returnedfrom her evil; but whatsoever fugitive slavesets his foot here, that fugitive slave is free, and the armof Massachusetts, which holds the sward, shall bestretched out over that man, and strike down whoeverstrikes at him. There is a resolution before this bodywhich looks to that very purpose, and next autumn,there will be a position circulated before the Peopleof Massachusetts, asking the Legislature to do thatthing. I hope every man of you will put yourname to it: I know every woman will, for the conscienceof woman outruns the prudence and the cunningof men, and I would follow her conscience ratherthen his sunning. Let us declare a Kidnapper'sCourt a 'Nuisance.' I say that solemnly, knowingwhat I say. 2. Then, I went the Legislature to instruct ourSenators and request our Representative in Congressto use all their influence to fulfill the guarantor in the4th article of Constitution, and secure 'a Republicanform of Government to every State in the Union.' Let Massachusetts do these two things, and you willsee presently the other New England state follow.New York, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Michigan, Ohio,even Illinois and Indiana, will presently take thesame ground; and if we go on in this way, it willwill be long before slavery is abolished in this nation,and when the Declaration of Independence is readon the Fourth of July, 1876, there will not be aslave in the United States. 
