 The early friends of Mr. Webster, resident nearthe place of his birth in New Hampshire, have addressedto him a testimonial of their remembrance,and their gratitude for his recent exertions in supportof the Union and the Constitution, to which hehas made a reply. The letter is signed by someone hundred and twenty persons, resident in Satisryand the cisity. We are gratified in beingone to lay the correspondence before our readers—   SALISBURY, N.H., August, 1850. ALISBURY TO THE HON. DANIEL WEBSTER: O THE ON. ANIEL EBSTER It has occurred to us, the undersigned, that whilecommendation is reaching you from all quarters ofour common country, for your recent exertions inbehalf of the Union and Constitution, a token of remembranceand gratitude from the place of yourbirth, from the home of your youth, and the scenesof your earlier professional efforts, would not be unacceptable. We cannot let this occasion pass without assuringvon of our unfaltering confidence and respect;without assuring you that your old neighbors and descendants are as ready to perform their constitutionalduties as to vindicate their rights; that weare devoted to the Union as it is; that we adhere tothe whole Constitution; and that while we trust inas protection we will uphold its power.  Your recent labors be remind a distracted peopleof the duties which they owe to a common country,and the blessings which they derive from a commonConstitution, are, in our judgment, as important asany which you have performed in a long public service,crowned as that service has been with unsurpassedability and success. To you, more than to any statesman of moderntypes, do the people of this country owe their nations,feeling, which we trust in to save their Union inthat its hour of trial. We have carefully considered what you have saidand proposed; and, as we understand the matter, youare now upon the same ground as when, twenty yearsago, you crunched nullification. Now, as then, in spite of local prejudice and factious,sound Constitutional and National principleswill prevail; and if the voice of general commendationis occasionally broken up by impotent censure,it will not disturb you, because it must remind youthat it is faction, and not the Union, which is overthrows. Respectfully, your friend and fellow-citizens, R, PRICE, and 127 others.   RICE 
