 GENTLEMEN: I have received your letter of lastmonth, expressing your approbation of my public politicalconduct, and especially my efforts in Congressto settle questions which have long agitated the countryand disturbed its peace. ENTLEMEN Happily, gentleman, those questions are now, Itrust, disposed of, and better prospects open upon thecountry. The thirty-one American States stretch over a vastextent of country, running through several degreesof latitude and longitude, and embracing many varietiesof soil, climate, institutions, habits and pursuits;yet over all, the Union and the Constitution still stand,every where giving protection and security, and everywherecherished, at the present moment, with generand warm patriotic regard. The interests of thedifferent parts of the country, though various, are notopposite; flowing, indeed, in diverse channels, butan contributing to swell the great tide of nationalprosperity. Under the operation of the Constitution,we have now been for sixty years free and happy;evil and religious liberty have stood firm and unshaken;popular education has received a new impulseand a wider spread; and moral and religiousinstruction has become characteristic of our age;agriculture, commerce and manufactures have beensteadily encouraged and sustained; and under theblessing of Providence, general competency andsatisfactory means of living have everywhere rewardedthe efforts of labor and industry. And, in themeantime, gentlemen, the county has attained to sucha degree of honor renown, that every patrioticman, in addition to his own individual means of enjoyment,derives a positive pleasure from participatingin the reputation of his country. Of what othercountry upon earth can this be said, with so muchtruth? Who, then, would undermine this Union?Who would raise his hand against this Constitution?Who would scoff at those political and social blessingswhich Providence has never before seen fit tovouchease, in such abundance, to any community ofmen? Self-love, our hopes for the future, nationalpride and gratitude to God, all conspire to prompt usto embrace these institutions of our native land withall the affections of our hearts, and defend them within the strength of our hands. In a critical hour,and not without some personal hazard, I have dischargedmy duty and freed my conscience, to itsvery depth, in public efforts to maintain them, limitedonly by the measure of my ability. And since theseefforts are regarded as having contributed somethingto the adjustment of dangerous controversies, and tothe establishment of peace and harmony among fellow-menand brothers, I desire no reward but theclearing voices of good men, and the approbation ofmy own conscience.    And now, friends and neighbors, I could pour outmy heart in tenderness of feeling for the affectionateletter which comes from you. Approving voices havebeen heard from other quarters; other commendationhave reached me, high enough, and warmenough, to demand, so they have received, my mostgrateful acknowledgments and regard. But yourscomes from my home; it comes from those whom Ihave known, and who have known me from my birth.It is like the love of a family circle; its influences fallupon my heart as the dew of Hermon, Those of youwho are the most advanced in age, have known myfather and my family, and especially that member ofit, whose premature death inflicted a wound in mytrust which is yet fresh and bleeding. Some of youwere my companions in the country schools, withothers I have partaken in the sports of youth, thecheerful labor of the field of agriculture, and is theciations and exercises of early manhood. I seeon the list learned and now aged and venerable clergymen,professional gentlemen and magistrates ofmy own age, whom I have long honored and esteemed,and others of all classes and pursuits in life.There are on the list, also, not a few, who bear mysame and partake my blood. What I was in earlylife you all know; rewards what I may have done athave ever manifested sufficiently favorable and personalregard; and now, after I have been called upon toact a part in a more important crisis, perhaps, thanany other of my life, your kind regard, your neighborlyition of former times and former friendships,and the affectionate terms in which you expressyourselves, make your letter a treasure, prosin my esteem, which I shall keep sour me alwayswhile I live, and leave for the gratification ofthose who may come after me. that member    Your obliged friend and neighbor, DANIEL WEBSTER. To Rev. Ebenezer Prime, and others. 
