 The Richmond Enquires (Democrat!) is dreadfullyexcited about the late decision of a PennsylvaniaJudge in a slave case it Harrisburg. It talks inthis way: Since the people of the Northern borders will notobey or respect the common laws of the UnitedStates, the people of the neighboring Southern Statesshould make them know and respect the law of the sword,the rifle, the tax barrel, and the grape vine. A fierceborder war is evidently to be the only protection andhope of the Southern States. will not should make them know and respect the law of the sword,the rifle, the tax barrel, and the grape vine. The people on the Southern borders will take downthe guns with which their fathers slaughtered the Indianswho stole their cattle, and shoot the Yankeeswho steal their negroes. A foray into Pennsylvaniaor Ohio, with burnings to the ground of a few suchtowns as Harrisburg, and the hanging of a few suchjudges as this ermined thief named Pierson,' wouldsoon teach the amalgamating inhabitants of Pennsylvaniaand Ohio, that the stealing of their-lippedrelations and superiors in the South is not that delightfulamusement they now take it to be. It isthus that all the border people of civilized countrieshave been forced to protect themselves. It was byjudicious and decisive incursions only, by bloodyfights and bloody sieges, by laying waste the landsand burning the towns of the fierce and lawlessMoon of Spain, that the Christians of Castle andArragon could secure their lives, their liberties, theirproperty, and their religion. A foray into Pennsylvaniaor Ohio, with burnings to the ground of a few suchtowns as Harrisburg, and the hanging of a few suchjudges as this ermined thief named Pierson It was by such measures only that the yeomanryof Northern England got peace from the horse-stealersand other plunderers—the leviers of blackmail, from the neighboring Scotch highlands. blackmail It was by fifty years of such warfare only, withthe Indians of the frontier, that Western Virginiawas settled. It was by a plentiful, a hundred-foldreturn of the scalping-knife and tomahawk, that ourfathers got peace and quiet for the ploughshare andscythe. That time to returning. We venerate thebrave men that in those early days thus much a lawwhich would not be mistaken, and which could notbe evaded. In all these countries, their, deeds arehanded down in tradition and in song, for the respectof the last and the longest generation. That timein returning. The people of the border will againresort to the law of self-preservation: will again, byfire and slaughter, by laying waste the lands, burningthe towns, by hanging and shooting their plunderers,wherever they can be caught, place the fearof evil-doing before the eyes that will only see bythe light of a fired house, and sound the words ofthe Constitution in the ears of those who will onlyhear when anointed with their blood in villainy.The adoption of these measures will produce and unpleasantstate of things; but it has existed beforeon the same ground, and will not fail to result inthe same good, if exercised again. A brave people,thus resolved on self-defense, will be vilified by allthe thieves in the world; but so were those of whomwe have spoken, and whom posterity holds in veneration. The spirit shown in the early history of othercountries, and which animated the pioneer populationof the West, within the recollection of manyyet living, is not yet dead. It has slept, becausethere has been little for it to do. But there is muchfor it to do now, and circumstance is waking it.The fear of punishment is the only thing will preventgenuine Yankees from stealing. The ptiaryand the whipping-post are this only intives tohonesty in private life, and the torch and the bullet arethe only means to make them other than a notice ofrobbers in their collective capacity. The fear of punishment is the only thing will preventgenuine Yankees from stealing. The ptiaryand the whipping-post are this only intives tohonesty in private life, and the torch and the bullet arethe only means to make them other than a notice ofrobbers in their collective capacity.   
