 Let me relate a night scene which took place in acertain town on the coast, where I was sojourning ashort time ago. Six slaves, brought to this town formthe Southern States, came to the conclusion thatthey were in a free country, and consequently freeman!They gave their masters notice to that effect,and left them, with the intention of going to themines for themselves. Several days after this actionof the slaves, one night about twenty 'Southerngentleman,' each armed with a brace of pistols,(most of which were six-barreled,) loaded with ball,went in quest of the above six fugitives. It was ascertained,after many oaths and curses were heapedupon any who might facilitate the escape, and theusual quantity of 'gas' had escaped, and a due quantityof flourishing and cocking of pistols had beengone through with, that the six unarmed men wereannounced in an old adobe building near by, deliberating,their treasonable projects; but the slaves discoveredthe pursuing party before they could surroundthem, and all precipitately fled, having no armsto defend themselves with, and if they had, probablywould not have dared to use them. And then theodds against them was, to use a common expression,'some!' As they rushed from the building, a firewas opened upon them by the Southerners. Thisfiring being in the principal street of the town, ofcourse soon attracted a large crowd, among whomwas your correspondent, about half-dreamed, with thewrong foot in each boot, &c. I had hurriedly jumpedform my bed, thinking the Spaniards and Mexicanshad commenced a general attack upon the Americanresidents, in order, if possible, to retake the town but on reaching the street found it was only a partyof 'Southern gentry,' endeavoring to ascertain howmany men out of six they could wound and kill withupwards of two hundred balls! This was all! Ithought to myself this was 'attending the area offreedom' with a vengeance.  By far the largest portion of Americans in the townat the time were form Southern States and they was anearly all present. In the course of these house ormore, five of the slaves were captured, but not onewas wounded. The sixth slave was a stout, six-footfellow, and he out-generated and outran the wholecrowd. They pursued him through street after street,occasionally being at him, also endangering all otherpersons within range of the deadly London messengers.This six-foot 'fugitive from justice' suddenlyfound he had accidentally run into a Mexicancarrel, surrounded with a six-foot fence, or adobewall, which he supposed had an opening in the roar,as many of them have; his pursuers were soon rushingthrough the gateway into the enclosure, andwere now close upon him, and they considered himtheir sure victim; but in this they were astonishinglymistaken, for making a most desperate leap, hecompletely cleaned the wall. After leaping the wall,the slave dashed into a thick grove of trees, undercover of which he made his escape complete. The other five slaves were confined, and two ofthem were so severely flogged, they have since verynearly died form the effects of the lack. A few nights after this 'target practice,' the tallslave came stealthily to town about midnight, andthrough a person that had befriended him, procuredhis clothes, and has since not been heard of. Heshowed his friend five flash wounds form balls thatstuck him on the night of his escape; but none ofthe wounds were dangerous, although they were alllocated in or near vital parts. One ball ploughed afurrow on the right side of the head, very near thetemple; about sixty balls were fired at this !  
