 About three hundred persons assembled in TownsendHall last evening, to listen to certain of the'Old Girls' from New York, who, according to announcement,were to deliver discourses touchingWomen's Rights and Wrongs. According to theadvertisement, LUCRETIA MOTT and LUCY STONEwere to be the speakers; but only the former ladywas in attendance, Miss Lucy having in this instancetaken her time and delayed her visit. Herplace was filled by ERNESTINE ROSE—a lady whosepretty name at least is terribly misbestowed upona strong-minded woman; conveying as it does theimpression a of a cottage beauty, loving and belovedby some rustic swain. When the performancescommenced, the platform was occupied by threefemale—we presume—and one male—we shouldjudge—the latter having much hair on his head,flowing in ringlets like a woman's, and much hairon his upper lip, and much hair on his chin, andmany struggling, superfluous hairs on his cheeks,looking like deserters from the main body; thewhole of which hair was of a reddish, rusty, dustycolor. As soon as the Old Girls were comfortablyseated, the Man with Much Hair disappeared fromthe platform. UCRETIA OTT UCY TONE RNESTINE OSE LUCRETIA MOTT was the first to address the meeting,and upon her appearance, a general feeling ofdisappointment prevailed; for the fair Lucretialacks all the spice of bloomerism and juvenilitywhich imparts to so many of the skittish old girlsa certain kind of attraction. Lucretia is a very oldgirl—a decidedly antiquated specimen of strong-mindedness—mightbe regarded as a more fittingchampion of Grandmother's Rights than of anyother. She was habited in a quaker-like dress ofblack silk, and wore no jewelry or ornament of anykind, unless her fair hearers would apply the latterterm to a skull-cap, fitting closely to the head.The fair Lucretia's voice is somewhat weak, buther words are very strong. There is a certainsort of vixenish, resolute air about all she saysand does, which plainly indicates that she wouldbite for her rights us well as strike for them, hadnot time robbed her of the appropriate instruments.Lucretia evidently has some hope for her sex yet,and does not despair of seeing her some day in therank she should occupy, in the opinion of thestrong-minded. She is inclined to take consolationfrom the position of a woman in England, as thehead of that nation, ruling over and worshipedby the misses. We must confess, however, thatwe do not regard Lucretia's allusion to the goodlittle Queen Victoria as a happy one for her ownargument. Mrs. Guelph is a lady in whom domesticvirtues, and a gentle, loving nature are peculiarlymanifest; and these are the ties which bind herso strongly to the hearts of her people. But shein a Queen—a ruler over many; and the strong-mindedand weak-voiced Lucretia could not conceivehow a female could hold such a position for a momentwithout 'bloomer pantaloons, a sour countenance,a sharp eye, a red nose, and an indomitablewill.' (The fair Lucretia up to this pointhad been struggling behind the disadvantage of avery high desk—for her form is not so large as hermind—perceiving which, the Man with Much Hairrushed forward with a wooden table in his grasp—placedit on the platform—made a convulsive motionto the fair Lucretia—and disappeared.) UCRETIA OTT very Well, Lucretia, behind the small wooden table,had some hope for her sex yet. It was true, thatfrom the time of our first parents, her position hadbeen beneath man; but she had latterly evincedsome disposition to rebel. She had become moresensible; she had in a great measure forsaken thetrashy, yellow-covered literature in which she hadonce delighted, but the Bible still stands in herway, and the is still too much used to pin her faithon a minister's sleeve—too willing to take the say-soof the expounder of the 'holy text,' as itis called, in calculating her line of duty. Whenshe gets over this difficulty, then the fair Lucretiabelieves she will be herself, as she ought to be.—Theshe will accomplish as soon as she begins toinquire into the true meaning of words in theBible, for, as at present interpreted, false meaningsare put upon them. For instance, Lucretia proceededto show satisfactorily that when the Biblehints that woman shall be subject to man, it onlymeans to say that she shall or will be one of thesedays, if she does not look sharp after her rightsand strike for equality and independence. Again,the Bible is perverted by man in the most triflingmatters. Even where the dress and deportment offemales connected with the church are commentedon, the translators have endeavored to ignore theposition of women of old by writing the text 'wivesof ministers' and 'wives of deacons,' instead ofrendering faithfully, as it ought to be, 'ministeresses'and 'deaconesses.' In like manner, wherethe duty of wives is set forth, the words 'wives,be ye subject to your husbands,' do not relate toany other than private matters, for the Apostle hasadded, 'I speak in a mystery.' Lucretia thenpitched very severely into ministers; at which wewere not much surprised, for it is not likely theirprofessional services, in a certain way, will everbe required by the fair sisterhood of strong-mindedwomen. shall shall will From the Bible, Lucretia passed naturally enoughto Blackstone; and who was Blackstone, sheshould like to know, that he should deny womanall legal existence? She admired Walker, who, inhis commentary upon Blackstone, had said thatthe commentator had made husband and wife oneperson, and that person the husband. But shehoped the time would soon arrive when Blackstone,and all such men would be obsolete, and GerritSmith's doctrine would prevail, that nothing waslaw except it acquired with our own idea of justice.It must come, sooner or later, for the injustice wastoo flagrant. Who could deny the oppression oflegal enactments, in the face of the facts, that whena man dies, called the 'widow's incumbrance'—thatshe is denied her own name, and called for theremainder of her days, 'Mrs. John Smith'—andthat upon her tombstone she is described as 'relict'of her late husband. No; Lucretia hoped that the'good time coming' was at hand, when womanwould rebel against all such oppression—when shewould see the folly of the 'marriage vow,' as it wascalled, and instead of invoking the aid of ministersto such a contract, would be content to take theman she wanted, and let her friends know that shehad determined upon a little union, independent ofany legal resistant to express her conviction thatwomen are rising in the scale, and like breadstuffin the present day, display an upward tendency. incumbrance When Lucretia had finished, Ernestine Rose tookthe floor, and scorning the restraint of desk or table,walked to the front of the platform, and throwingherself into a theatrical attitude, commenced heraddress upon 'woman's errights' and 'woman'serwrongs', with a desire as strong as that of thepious Chadband himself to arrive at the 'terrowth.'She is a bloomer—that is to say, speaking in aflowery, not in a military sense,—a bloomingRose, somewhat full blown, indeed, but still retainsremnants of good looks, set off by very womanlyringlets, and heightened by some coquetry of mannerand dress. She wore a black satin dress, openin front, with a lace stomacher, lace under sleeves,and black lace mittens. A broach, a watch andchain, and some sparkling rings, evinced thatErnestine has not arrived at that stage of thestrong-minded woman's career when the little vanitiesof this world are despised. She would evidentlyhave objected to acknowledge, as did Lucretia,that she 'recollected the first woman's rightsconvention in 1835;' and yet—we mean no offence—she mighthave remembered it, for the she is a ladyof a certain—or rather of an 'uncertain' age. Weshould call Ernestine a Young America Woman'sRights Women—a female filibuster. She went offlike an overloaded musket, and was evidently disposedto kick. Even the Man with Much Hair,who again mysteriously bobbed up upon the platform,seemed to be cowed by her vehemence, andboat a hasty retreat. Ernestine believed womanwas in every way equal to man. Even physically,she could prove there was not much difference, ifshe had time to examine the subject, and whatthere was, arose from the difference of training.—Shehad no notion—not she—of man's enjoyinghimself while woman was the slave of the Home.Why, even when females had those little encumbrancesknown as children, what did a husband do,except come home when they were all clean, andtake them on his knee and kiss them? She wouldlike to know by what right he was exempt fromstanding over the washtub, engaged as the wife sooften was, in that employment which children occasionallyrender necessary. We cannot followthe sweet Ernestine through her long discourse.—Sufficeit to say, that before she concluded, thegreater part of the audience discovered that they hadheard enough of woman's rights—and left. Whenshe closed, Lucretia again rose, and after a word ortwo more about the errors of the Bible, informedthe company that as so earnest a spirit has beenmanifested in respect to the Rights and Wrongs ofWoman, and in order to accommodate the public—ofcourse, with no other object—a few books wouldbe sold, low, for cash, terms current funds, at theother end of the Hall. A slight noise in the directionindicated by the wave of Lucretia's hand,turned all eyes round, and the Man with MuchHair was discovered diligently diving into a hugegreen bag, and dragging up from its depths variouspamphlets and books for inspection of the faithful.We regret to say, however, 'the careless crowdpassed on,' and the Man with Much Hair was leftwit his stock in trade before him, not havingtaken enough from the audience to pay the barker, ofwhose services he stood so much in need. Andthus closed the exhibition of the Strong-MindedWomen and the Woolly Man. might 
