 A phenomenon is presented to the people of thiscountry in Pennsylvania, which might almost inclineone to believe in the transmigration of souls.It is not quite two hundred years since Judge Jeffreys,a blusterer and a tyrant on the bench, in thereign of James II., died in the Tower. If his souldoes not inhabit the earth still, we have one castin the same mould. Judge Grier, of the UnitedStates Circuit Court, in Pennsylvania, bears sostrong a likeness a matter touching the FugitiveSlave Law is before him, that on reading areport of the proceedings, one might easily imaginehimself reading an account of what happenedin the time of the latter Stuarts. The following telegraphic account of certainproceedings in the Wilkesbarre fugitive slavecase, appeared in several of the morning papers.We take it form the Times;— 'PHILADELPHIA, Wednesday, Oct. 5. HILADELPHIA 'The United States Deputy Marshals Crossin and Jenkinshad warrants of arrest served upon them yesterday,on a charge of riot, and assault and battery upon BillThomas, an alleged fugitive slave, of Wilkesbarre. Onthe oath of Wm. G. Gildersleeve, of Wilkesbarre, a writof habeas corpus was applied for before Judge Grier, ofthe United States Circuit Court, in this city. DistrictAttorney Ashmead asked that the prisoners be discharged,asserting that no more force was used than was necessary,the fugitive being armed with a knife given himby a bystander. habeas corpus Judge Grier said: "If habeas corpuses are to betaken out after that manner, I will have an indictmentsent to the United States Grand Jury against the personwho applies for the writ, or assists in getting it,the lawyer who defends it, and the sheriff who servesthe writ, to see whether the United States officers are tobe arrested and harassed whenever they attempt toserve a process of the United States." habeas corpuses Mr. Brown, counsel of the Abolition Society, askedfor a delay of one week to procure witnesses, which wasgranted.' Of all the proceeding, of our tribunals of whichwe have seen any account, there is nothing to becompared to this. Judge Grier threatens to turnpublic informer, to procure on indictment in hisown court against the man who resorts to a fairlegal remedy—the writ of habeas corpus, offered bythe institutions of the country to all who chooseto avail themselves of it—against the counsel whoappears to support it—and against the officer,who cannot, by law, refuse to serve the writ.Having got the parties indicted,—by his influencewith the Grand Jury, of course,—it would be hisbusiness to try them, and what treatment theymight expect is manifest from the sample of his languagewhich we have given. habeas corpus This exhibition of judicial ferocity will probablyhave no effect, except to inflame the very zealagainst which it is directed. The world has got tosuch a stage, that neither philanthropists nor law.yore are to be frightened thus from what theyregard as their duty. 
