 The Cincinnati Commercial gives the particularsof a case which came up on the 13th inst., in whichthe alleged fugitive escaped, it is true, but how heis to be remunerated for telegraphing to his friendsand for the other expenses, does not appear. SupposeMr. Clark had not been in the city, and theclaimant of the slave had been unwilling to wait;or that one of our zealous Commissioners had beenon the Beach? The following is the substance ofthe story: Commercial zealous A gentleman from Maysville, Kentucky, namedJeremiah S. Ballenger, when walking along 6th at.,thought that he recognized, in the proprietor of abarber-shop there, a slave that escaped from himsome ten years ago. In the afternoon, DeputyUnited States Marshal Black appeared at the barber-shopand arrested the alleged fugitive, whogoes by the same of George Brown. The negrowas but little concerned, and walked to the Commissioner'sOffice with a jovial sir. He said heknew that he could prove that be was free-born, andhe could not, consequently, be in danger of losinghis liberty. Mr. Ballenger was not absolutelypositive, but if this George Brown and his Mosswere not identical, there was between them themost remarkable resemblance that ever came to hisknowledge. The alleged fugitive sent telegraphicdispatches to his friends in various parts to comeand prove his free birth. Brown claimed to have been born in Vincennes,and it was learned that Mr. Geo. J. Clark, fromthat place, who knew him well, was in thecity. After a short delay, Mr. Clark appeared, andexpressed himself much surprised to see Brown,whom he bad known from a small boy, under arrest.Clark, with the attorneys in the case—Col.Chambers for Mr. Ballenger and Judge Key forBrown—and Mr. Ballenger, retired and had a privateconversation. On returning, Col. Chambersannounced that Clark's story was perfectlyfactory. He was evidently positive as to his recollectionsand knowledge of Brown's birth andboyhood. Mr. Ballenger would not put his memoryof ten years age against Mr. Clark's certainknowledge. Upon this, the commissioner announced thatGeorge Brown, the alleged fugitive, was discharged. 
