 Notwithstanding the unfavorable state of theweather, a numerous meeting of the supportersand friends of this Association took place at theUnion Church in Worcester, Sept. 26th. At 2 1/2o'clock, P.M., William Jackson, Esq., took thechair, and called upon the Rev. William Bard-well,of the OjibiwO Mission, to engage in prayer. The Rev. S.S. Jocelyn, the Secretary, read theminutes of the last year's Convention. Mr. Tappan the Treasurer, read his report forhe year, which showed that 41,692 83 had beencollected for the Mendi, Jamaica, Ojibiwa, California,Canada and Home Missions, the Slave's BibleFund, and General Purposes. The balance inhand last year made the total receipts for the year$43,593 89; the expenditures being $49,507 65,leaving a balance of $6,913 76 against the Association. Mr. Goodman, of Chicago, and Mr. Benton,' ofCincinnati, ware appointed Secretaries of the meeting. The Rev. George Whipple, the CorrespondingSecretary, read his report, which was of greatlength, detailing the successful operations of theAssociation; showing that the Society originatedin a desire to have a mission which should be inno way polluted by the money or the influence ofslaveholders. Also, that an increase of 33 1/2 percent. had taken place in the number of membersduring the year, and that members were admittedaccording to the third clause of the Constitution:'That any person of evangelical sentiments, who isprofesses faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, who isnot a slaveholder, or in the practice of other immoralities,may become a member of the Association;and, by paying thirty dollars, mar become alife member.' The report proceeded to details avariety of facts tending to show the intelligentcharacter of the Indians, the Ojibiwas and those ofJamaica, and the success of schools which hadbeen established, especially those which includedboarding. They found they could board, lodge andclothe the pupils at $25 a year each. As a reliefto the meeting, during an interval of ten minutesin the reading of the report, The Rev. Mr. Thompson spoke of the astonishingrapidity with which children acquired toe learningtaught at the schools in Africa. On motion of Mr. Tappan, the Chairman nominatedthe following gentlemen to serve on Committees,and they were accepted by the meeting:— Committee of Arrangements—Mr. Brewer of Connecticut,Mr. Russell of Worcester, Mr. Whipple ofNew York, Mr. Thatcher of Maine, and Mr. Paineof New York. Committee of Arrangements Committee OR Nominations—The Rev. Mr. Jocelynof New York, Mr. Parish of Ohio, Mr. Fowler ofMiss., Mr. Goodwin of Illinois, and Mr. Pock ofOhio. Committee OR Nominations Committee on Business and Resolutions—-Rev. J.Q. Fee of Ky., Dr. Parsons of Maine, Rev. S.S.Jocelyn of New York, Mr. Tappan of New York,and Mr. Benton of Ohio. Committee on Business and Resolutions The Rev. J.G. Fee next addressed the meetingwith much deliberation, and considerable powerand eloquence. He showed haw the operations ofthe Association, in sanding three Colporteurs amongthe slaves and their masters, were received and appreciated;and how they had been persecutedand again released; that the various anti-slaverydocuments which the Association had sentwere read more than any speeches would be listenedto. He would urge the friends of abolitionismin the North to persevere in their exertions, as hehad the greatest confidence in their ultimate success. A sermon by Rev. E. Peck, of Oberlin, concludedthe services of the day. On Thursday, 29th, the second session of the Conventionwas hold at the Old South Church, Worcester.The weather being fine, there was a muchlarger attendance than the day before. Mr. Jacksonagain presided, and after the Rev. A. Benton,of Wisconsin, had opened the meeting with prayer,the following gentlemen were appointed as a Committeeon Enrolment: Rev. S.H. Peckham ofMass., Mr. Parsons of Wisconsin, Mr. Smith ofMaine, and Mr. Russell of Worcester. Daring thedeliberations of the Committee on Resolutions; themeeting was addressed by Mr. Thatcher of Maine,Mr. Hutchins and Mr. Firman of Illinois. Afterwhich, the Rev. J.G. Fee, of Kentucky, broughtforward the report of the Committee, which embodiedseveral important resolutions, embracing astheir main Statures the following ideas: thatChristianity should be opposed to all sin, whetherpublic or private, organic or inorganic. Thatslaveholding, caste, and polygamy. should be excludedfrom Christian churches by their terms ofadmission, or by a disciplinary process, and thatany Missionary Board that does not carry out theseprinciples, cannot expect the Divine blessing.Regarding it as a matter of congratulations thatcome churches have broken through their ecclesiasticalbonds, and are using their influence on behalfof Christian freedom, and regretting that theinfluence of so many others is still exerted in favorof the infamous practice of slavery, and especiallyregretting that the American Home Missionary Societyand the American Missionary Board were sodeeply influenced in upholding slavery by sustainingMissionaries who presided over churches intowhich slaveholders are admitted as Christian ofgood and regular standing.  That it is the duty ofevery minister presiding over any eccesiastical body, and especially of every religious organization, todiscountenance American slavery, an their not doingso tends to bring Christianity into disesteem, to hinder to bring of men, and to dishonorto hinder the Christ. The last resolution calledupon the friends of the cause to raise the sum of$75,000 for the further presentation of the work. The resolutions having been arrived by themeeting, they were taken up one by one in order,and discussed. The first one, condemning not onlyslavery, but caste as well elicited considerable discussion,and, after several amendments, it wasmade to express distinctly entire opposition to allcaste, whether in 'Africa, Asia, Europe or America.'The reference to the Home Missionary Society,and the American Missionary Board, elicited ananimated discussion. The Rev. Mr. Strieby, ofOhio, expressed his doubts whether those organizationswere implicated in slavery. Mr. Tappan,of New York, the Treasurer of the Association,adduced ample evidence to show that churches inthe South, in connection with the Home MissionarySociety, received support from the money andinfluence of slaveholders. The Revs. Messrs. Fee,of Kentucky, and Jocelyn, of New York, Boynton,of Mass., and several other speakers, ably supportedthe resolutions. caste the Hon. Amasa Walker also addressed themeeting, and, during the morning session, the firstresolutions were passed unanimously. The afternoon session commenced at half pasttwo o'clock, and there was a larger attendance.After a speech from Rev. George Thompson, thediscussion of the resolutions was resumed, with increasinginterest. The strongest abolition principleswere advanced, with evident kindness of feeling.We have witnessed religious conventions andmissionary meetings in England and other parts ofthe world, bat never saw them conducted withsuch perfect propriety, and so much in accordancewith the spirit of Christianity, especially whensuch exciting subjects as slavery have been introduced,the meeting was addressed by the Rev.Mr. Fowler of Massachusetts, who said he hadheard it positively denied in Michigan, somemonths ago, that the American Home MissionarySociety was at all involved in the charge ofupholding slavery. Mr. Tappan referred to apamphlet published in New York last winter,which proved the fact that of the fifty-one churchesconnected with the Home Missionary Society inthe South, the great majority received supportfrom slaveholders. Mr. Fowler said he was satisfiedon that point until the appearance of Mr.Hitchin's report, which had denied the charge. Mr. Tappan had examined that report, but couldfind no such denial; he therefore concluded thathis venerable father, Mr. Fowler, was mistaken.He must state it, to the honor of the Unitarianbody, that their church at St. Louis was the firstto set the example of letting the oppressed go free,having entirely abandoned slavery, and given libertyto the captive. It was a disgrace to the evangelicalbody to allow even Unitarians to take theland in this matter. The Rev. Mr. Fee confirmed, from personal observation,the statement that the churches of theSouth connected with the institutions involved inthat discussion, were slaveholding churches. The Rev. Mr. Boynton explained that the presentposition of the Home Missionary Society wasstated in their own official publication to be, thatthey deny slaveholding to be a sin, and refuse tomake its abandonment a condition of membershipin their churches, but that cruelty to a slave was asin, which the discipline of the church should control,if the Committees thought best to do so. Dr. Parsons related some thrilling instances ofcruelty: one of burning a slave to death in thepresence of 15,000 people on a Sunday, when allthe churches in the neighborhood were deserted towitness the spectacle; and after speeches from theRevs. Messrs. Jocelyn, Jones, Firman, Peck,Whipple, Goodman, Woolcott, and George Allenof Worcester, the last taking the negative with regardto the Missionary Board—defending his connectionwith that body on the ground of its pastand present usefulness—but not denying the charge,the resolutions, to the number of eighteen, wereadopted by the meeting. An interesting meeting took place in the evening,which was addressed by the Revs. Messrs;Ide, Whipple, Fee, (who had been discarded byhis slaveholding father tor preaching abolitionism,)Kilgom, Thompson and Boynton, and the meetingconcluded with appropriate services, deeply impressedwith the principles of abolitionism, whichformed the leading feature of the addresses. 
