 Public opinion requires, at all times, a dignifieddeportment on the part of a Judge—the semblanceand manner of impartiality, it not the reality.The truculence of the bully and the vivacity ofthe partisan should be laid aside when the spotlessermine is thrown over the shoulders. There shouldbe nothing to impair the confidence of all partiesin the man whose business it is to hear them all,and to maintain the purity of the law, and therights of the citizen. Judicial wisdom, sobriety, discretion and prudenceare especially needed in cases where Federalacts are supposed to conflict, or do conflict, withState rights. In these, moderation and conciliationmay lead to a harmonious and legal arrangementof points in dispute; while irritating epithetsand random insults can only tend to inflamejealousies already deplorable. We are led to these remarks by the singularebullitions of Judge Grier, on the recent hearingof the habeas corpus case, from WilkesbArre. JohnJenkins and James Cresson were arrested for assaultand battery with intent to kill, on a warrantissued by a magistrate of the State of Pennsylvania.The arrested parties appealed to Judge Grierto discharge them from custody, on the ground thatthe alleged offence was committed fat the executionof a process issued by U.S. Commissioner Ingraham.Now, the only point to be decided by JudgeGrier was, whether our State Courts have the rightto try a Federal officer for crime committed in theexecution of civil process, or whether he is amenableto the Federal courts only. Its decision calledfor no vituperation or sacrifice of judicial decorum. habeas corpus The report, published in the city papers, showsthat Judge Grier forget himself so far as to givevent to the most unrestrained abuse of the Stateofficer who issued the writ of arrest, and of thecitizen who had made the preliminary affidavit—applyingthe epithet 'tuppenny magistrate' to theformer, and of 'unprincipled interloper' to the latter,and threatening them both with legal prosecution. tuppenny magistrate unprincipled interloper When a U.S. Judge so far forgets what is due tohis station as to assail a State functionary and aprivate citizen from the bench, he absolves thepress from the respectful silence it habitually observestowards the judiciary. We would, therefore, remind Judge Grier, inthe name of the people, where servant he is, thatsuch language is not permitted by the judicial decorumof modern times; and that it is particularlyunbecoming in an incumbent of the FederalBench towards a magistrate of a sovereign State. To counteract the impression made by the singularebullition which is the occasion of our remarks,we are requested to state that Gilbert Burrows,Esq., who issued the wait, is a magistratehighly suspected at Wilkesbarre, and Mr. Gildersleeve,who made the preliminary affidavit, a merchantof good standing, and a worthy citizen. 
