 ☞The three following extracts are from the N.Y.Herald. The difference in the tone of the two relatingto the Jerry Rescue meeting is amusing. The appealto the 'gentlemen of the South' is characteristic. Itscompliment to Grace Church (!) must be gratefully appreciatedby that mock and Christian (!) body. Herald. 'The anniversary of the rescue of the fugitive slaveJerry was celebrated at Syracuse last Saturday.A dispatch from that city states that the attendancewas not so large as last year, owing to the factthat the citizens took but little interest in the affair.Those present were mostly from the country,and although speeches were made by GerritSmith, Lucy Stone, and Rev. Antoinette Brown,they failed to produce any marked excitement.People are becoming accustomed to and understandthe intentions of these notoriety seekers. Stayaway from them, and they will soon cool down anddie out for want of fuel.' 'THE HERRY RESCUE CELEBRATION AT SYRACUSE.—OnSaturday last, the abolitionists (includingthe Bloomers) of Syracuse and the surroundingcountry celebrated the anniversary of the rescueof the fugitive slave Jerry from the officers of thelaw, in that village, two years ago. This in itselfwas a piece of fanatical folly of very little consequence,but our reports say, that "at a specialmeeting of the Common Council, by the City Hallwas given for the celebration," and this fact givesto the affair very considerable importance. Itmakes the official authorities of Syracuse the endorsersof mob law in the rescue of fugitive slaves.It degrades the office of the Mayor of Syracuse tothe disreputable and unlawful sets and purposesof our most rampant abolitionists. HE ERRY ESCUE ELEBRATION YRACUSE. As the chief administrator of the laws of thevillage, nothing could be plainer than the officialduty of Mayor McCarthy in this case. It wassimply his duty to sustain the laws of the land,and to refuse peremptorily the slightest officialcountenance of this scandalous jubilee. The nextstep of the civil authorities of Syracuse will probablybe to devote the City Hall to the shelteringof fugitive slaves, under the combined protection ofthe police and the abolitionists. No, gentlemen ofthe South, the agitation of the slavery question isnot yet ended. There will be more work, in duetime, for the Castle Garden Union Safety Committee.' 'The Triennial Convention of the ProtestantEpiscopal Church for 1853 commenced its sessionyesterday. After the religious rites of the Church,the Convention organized, and adjourned at 4o'clock, P.M.' 'The richest set of the session of the ProtestantEpiscopal Convention, which adjourned on Friday,was the admission of black man into the Conventionas delegates. The colored race have wagedwar for years for recognition by the Protestantclergy. They were never successful till yesterday,when, under their leader, John Jay, they attainedtheir end. Grace Church did not go in favor ofthis dark movement.' 
