 To the Editors of the Albany Patriot. To the Editors of the Albany Patriot. A number of slaves have lived with Mrs. Madisonsince she has resided in this city. Some twoor three years since, she found it necessary to raisemoney, and offered for sale a trust-worthy, valuableman. He had been raised and nurtured onMr. Madison's old farm, and was his barber anddressing-man a quarter of a century. To savehimself from the dreaded fate of transportation tothe cotton-fields or cape-brakes of the South, beinduced a distinguished Northern Senator to advancefor him the pure base-money, and give himtime to work it out. He is new doing this, withhis own free hands. Among others, she owned amother, fifty odd years of age, and her daughter offifteen. About three months ago, the old ladycalled this girl Into her parlor, one day, nominallyto ring her some water, but really to show her to aGeorgian, as the colored people call the slave-drivers.The girl was quick on the scent, and at aglance perceived she was to be sold. Her mistress(Mrs. Madison) agreed with the purchaser tosend the unprotected child to the pump (in thestreet, of course) at a certain hour on a day fixedupon, when he could conveniently seize her andcarry her off! She embraced an early opportunityto retire behind the scenes, and has not made herappearance on the stage since. If in the Providenceof God she has reached the North, I hopesome good family will rejoice to befriend and protecther Immediately after this event, Mrs. Madison,either piqued a little at the loss of bar daughter,or from her necessities, offered the mother forsale. By great good luck, she found a family inthe city in want of a capable woman like herself.The price was with to her mistress, and she if nowat work with the prospect of freedom some time.The reason assigned for Mrs. Madison's conduct inthese cases is that poverty and want forced it uponher. It is said she has not cash to go to marketwith from day to day. The members of her family,therefore, one after one, are disposed of tofurnish her with the means of living. I here statedfacts enough for once. They are given withoutembellishment. I bold myself responsiblebefore God and the world for their accuracy in allmaterial points. It is not my purpose to commentupon them. Others may do that, with such viewsas they entertain. My readers will think themstrange, and perhaps hardly credible. Among,any civilized people but our own, such statementswould be quite beyond belief. We have got accustomedto strange contradictions, and thereforethe facts stated by me here may not be denied. necessary owned nominallyto ring her some water really the pump necessities some time. poverty want We 'So spoke the fend, and with necessity,The tyrant's plea, excused his devilish deeds.' Yours, ever, HAMPDEN. AMPDEN. Washington City, Feb. 19, 1848. 
