 Extracts from a speech of Hon. Issac E. Morse,Of Louisiana, in the U.S. House of Representatives,Feb. 1, 1848, on the war with Mexico. I understand that the paternity of that resolution.(Wilmont's) is disputed at the West, and severalgentlemen expect to transmit their names toposterity by their connexion with it. The spiritof that resolution is one that binds, indissolubly,envy no man the wreath that shall encircle hisbrow, who achieves this double triumph. It is notthe first time, in the annals of the world, that noto-riety has been mistaken for fame. "The aspiringyouth who tired the Ephesian dome, outlives, instory, the pious fool that raised it.' Be mine themeed of self-applause, with the untold name ofthat pious fool that stand for one day, one hour,one minute, the fall of this great temple of civiland religious liberty. I repeat it, abolition and disunion go hand inhand. If our Northern friends do not make theissue, we will; and I appeal to all good men of therepublic, North and South. Let us have no moretalking and acting in the dark. Are you ready andwilling to sever this Union for the cause of abolition?Is the toleration of slavery in one portion ofthe Union, a greater evil to you than the dismembermentof the republic? Are your consciences sonice that you will no longer hold communion withSouthern men who bold slaves? Do you hold slaveryin such abhorrence, that your will buy slavesat our estimation, and free them? Or will you fightfor its abolition, and to make us converts to yournotions of liberty? For, talk and turn it as youwill, 'to this complexion must it come at last.'Do you think that all the talking, preaching andwriting in the world will ever induce men of commonsense to surrender their property, for whichthey periled life in two wars, and will do so again?Was there ever an instance of a whole State orcommunity having been talked or preached out oftheir property? The English government, becausemight made right, freed the slaves of the colonists;but with the slightest prospect of success, does notevery man in the world know the colonists wouldhave defended their rights at the point of the bayonet?'Who can hold fire in his bend, by thinkingon the frosty Caucasus: or wallow naked in December'ssnow by bare reflection in the summer'sheat?' That man may be persuaded to surrenderthe fruits of years of industry, or the inheritanceof his ancestors, for a conscientious scruplein another man's bosom, and one which nevertroubles the repose of the greatest and best menin this republic, and which is sanctioned by Godhimself. Credat judoeus, non ego. Credat judoeus, non ego. If these questions are to be answered affirmatively—if it is a fixed fact that slavery must beabolished in the United Stated, the sooner we knowit, the better. We have no apprehensions on thesubject. But let us see how the thing workswhether our brethren at the North are not some-what in the situation of the fox, who was to havehis tail cut off, because another had done the samething; and whether England, after running uselesslyher West India colonies is not the fox whohad lost his tail. I despise cant of every kind, and I say, at leastfor myself, and I have no doubt I speak the voiceof the entire South, that we will never permit ourslaves to be liberated directly or indirectly, presentlyor prospectively, without making the best resistancethat we can, and that we would rather die in thelast ditch than surrender, not our property, butthe principle on which we hold it. directly or indirectly, presentlyor prospectively You can never take our property without ourlives; let me say what you can do, andwhat, if your persist in breaking down all agreementsand compromises on this subject, you willdo,— you will make the tenure by which we holdour property so unstable, that the advantages ofthe Union cease to be of value; and when that daycomes, I tell you what we can do—we can make atreaty with England, or any other nation in Europe,by which the right to our slaves never shallbe questioned, and by which we can receive allthe manufactures of English at a reasonable duty,and she will buy our cotton, do our carryingtrade, and in fact become to us what New Englandis now; and such a step the South can take insix weeks, and the English navy would be readyand willing to defend such a treaty of reciprocity,if necessary. The English people have paid enough in theutter destruction of their West Indian colonies andtrade, and in the discriminating duties on sugar,for abolition, and they are getting very tired of it.That such a step may never be necessary on ourpart, is the second wish of my heart; the first is,that we may be secured in life, liberty, and thepossession of our property. 
