 There is not a public man in England, who hasSoon so rapidly from the crowd of common meninto public notice, as George Thompson, reputedto be one of the most eloquent man in Britain, andwho is now M.P. for Lambeth, The progress ofa main of genius is an instructive lesson, illustratingas it does, the inherent strength of an independentmind, and the gradual victories over seeminglyinvincible circumstances. The history ofGeorge Thompson give powerful evidence of highintellectual courage and moral firmness; and it alsoshown to what seemingly fortuitous and trivialoccurrences men may owe the bias of their lives. George Thompson was born in Liverpool, andreceived a common education. We do not knowthat he was bred to any profession in youth; he,however, early began to educate himself as a debater.the active minds that were being developedin Britain, during the first quarter of the nineteenthcentury, associated themselves into clubs,for the discussion of the various political questionsthat agitated society; and George Thompson, whenquite a youth, was a prominent member of one ofthere. Young as he was, and strong as the passionfor intellectual victory would assuredly be in ayoung man conscious of his talents, he formed aresolution, which was a creditable to his heart, ashis life-long adhesion to it has been honorable tohis consistency. It was, never to argue in favor ofwhat he did not believe to the right. Less than twenty years ago, a lady called at acertain mercantile house in London, soliciting asituation for s young man, to whom forty poundsa year would be an object. The application failed;and, luckily for himself and his country, GeorgeThompson was left a while longer on his own resources.Some time subsequently, a vestry meetingtook place in Clerkenwell, for the purpose oflevying a rate, in order to carry out some schemein connection with the State Church. Pompous,portly men, who had the hitherto settled all thesethings in their own way, assembled, and engagedin grave debate. The people were not so wellschooled then in opposing corporate mandates, asthey are now, and they looked on and listened tothe serious process of pocket-picking that was goingon before them, but had not power to oppose.At last, a young man who kept a coffee-house inthe church ward, rose and raised his voice; feeblyat first, and falteringly did that eloquent tongueutter its first public protest against corruption.—Detours vestry-men looked great and graveand profound, and there was a sort of traditionalveneration attached to their names and station,which the orator felt, as be looked at their fat,spectacled faces, turned up to him in wonder andamazement. But he was not to be frowned down,and a few encouraging demonstrations from hisastonished fellow-citizens dispelled his timidity.He earned with his subject, and as he warmed herose in courage and eloquence, until he fairly overwhelmingthe venerable clique with derision andsarcasm, and led the people to reject the proposedrate by an overwhelming majority. An account of this meeting, and of the part playedin it by the coffee house keeper, reached HenryBrougham, then engaged in the struggle for negroemancipation; and the result was that GeorgeThompson left his business in Clerkenwell to someless talented or more congenial spirit and mountedthe public rostrum we the advocate of the slave. Mr. Thompson is a most accomplished andSplendid orator. He possesses every qualificationof such, and from the lips of Lord Brougham, himselfat one time styled the British Cicero, he hasreceived the highest laudations for his eloquence.Eloquence is not the highest of George Thompson'squalifications, however, he possess in aneminent degree the quality of moral courage. Nomatter now strong the prejudice against his principles,or how virulent the opposition manifestedto himself—this fearless man never faltered. In 1832 and 1833, he traversed Great Britain,lifting his voice against the apprentice probation,from bondage to liberty, which was to continue inoperation for seven years in the West Indies. In1835, the negroes in the British colonies were free.In 1835, full of joy at the triumph of justice andliberty in his own land, he went to America, inorder to speed the advent of emancipation there.But the spirit of slavery was far more virulent inthe land of Franklin and John Quincy Adams,than ever it had been in Britain; for in the citywhere stands old Faneuil Hall, lbs tar kettle washeated nod the gibbet erected, in order to debatewith this foreigner, who had dared to come from aland of monarchy and aristocracy to tell to republicanAmerica, that Americans were men. If the life of George Thompson could have securedfreedom to the American slave, we believethat he would have cheerfully laid it down; butneither duty nor utility called upon him needlesslyto expose his precious life to the fury of a pro-slaverymob; sad so, shaking from his fast the dualof New England's ground as a testimony againsther, he returned home to speak in favor of freedomwhere he at least dared to speak. He was engagedby the Peace Society of London to propagatetheir principles, and to educate public opinion regardingan international arbitration policy; and healso lifted his voice for the repeat of the CornLaws, while the country was agitated to bar coreupon that subject. Five or six years ago, he went to India with thecelebrated Parsee merchant and philanthropist,Tagore Baboo Dwarkanath, and returned, after ashort residence in the East, the accredited representativeof the Emperor of Delhi. While in India,Mr. Thompson turned his attention closely tothe policy of that corporation of merchant kingswho sit in London, and away the destinies of agreat continent; and be made discoveries whichwere neither creditable to their honesty or humanity.Aye, if the reeking, Mood-stained soil of Indiahad a tongue, there would arise such a voiceof accusation against British cupidity, as wouldmake this nation tremble. The pretence of restrainingdespotism, and of carrying civilizationand good government into India, has enabled theEast India Company insidiously to extend its territoryover almost all of Hindustan and northernIndia, from Baloochistan in the northwest to Assamin the East. Ah! it is not benevolence, orlove of liberty, that prompts a merchant companyto maintain thirty thousand fighting men. Thesons of the British aristocracy, after a short residence,come home fortune laden from these sunnyclimes. These fortunes are too often purchasedby crime. While in India, Mr. Thompson because cognizantof a case of flagrant injustice which had beenperpetrated on the Rajah of Sattara by the EastIndia Company. With his wonted courage andzeal, he took up the case of the injured man, andbegan, when he returned to England, the hopelesstank of appealing to the Company's directory. Hecould hardly obtain a hearing, and was treatedwith a contumelious disrespect which might havedisheartened one less form. The electros of Lamboth,by the largest majority ever known in England,have placed him in a position, however, inwhich not only the East India Company, but theBritish Government shall listen to him pleadingthe rights and wrongs of India. In 1846, he made one of his most brilliant publicDisplays against slavery and electrified the peopleof Scotland with his adjunct ions to the Free Kickto send back the money which she had meanly consentedto receive from American slaveholders. Itoratory could have carried moral conviction to thehearts of Candlish Cunningham, that moneywould have been cast out form the coffee of theirtreasury as an unclean thing. If humanity andjustice could have been enthroned in the bosomsof these 'reverend doctors' by the force of eloquence,Scotland would soon have been free of theshame of that money. But,alas, our countrymenHave had the bad fame of loving gold too well—ofWorshipping Plutos too devotedly; and verily, thoseFree(?) Kirk doctors have conducted-to deepen theNational stain. They uttered a few mystical, metaphysicalsentences, condemnatory of slavery inthe abstract; and then they followed these sentencesby a few others, approving of it in the concrete.They shouted down the members of their own SynodWho dared to talk broadly out in condemnation of the acceptance of the above money; shallthey scornfully derided memorials that were presentedto them by their Christian fellow-countrymenin favor of our poor brethren in bondage.—They wrote a few sophisms, which they called aremonstrance and testimony to the Churches inAmerica against slavery, and 'hear it, ye of Gath;Publish it abroad in Askelon'—they kept the money. Free George Thompson is above the common height,and possesses a handsome, active frame. Hisfrom inclines to lightness in its proportions, ratherthan strength; yet his shoulders are bread, andhis fine flexible voice issues from a well-formed,capacious chest. In complexion, Mr. Thompsonis dark. His features are thinnish, but his face ishighly intellectual. His eyes are especially keenand piercing when they are lighted up with thatenthusiasm which appertains in his fine nervoustemperament. He made his debut lately, in thehouse of Commons, and it was a successful one.Canning and Sheridan, two of England's meet accomplishedorators, during the days when theBritish Parliament was engaged in doubting Parliamentaryreform, and in the impeachment ofWarren Hastings, both failed when they first attemptedto address the House. George Thompson's maiden speech was in connexionwith Indian affairs, and it was well delivered,and as well received. He is now studyingEnglish law, in order to qualify himself for the dutiesof a barrister; and as unlikely things havecome to pass as that he may yet be High Chancellorof England, and sit upon the woolsack, wherehis first patron sat. If George Thompson has attained to wealth andfame, it has never been by worshipping thewealthy great, or spending his talents in defenceof wrong, however powerful. He has ever pleadthe cause of suffering humanity, with a strong,earnest, eloquent enthusiasm, since the day that hethrew dismay amongst the vestryman of Clerkenwell,to the hour when be delivered his last orationin the halls of St. Stephens. J.B.S. 
