 The following is taken from a South Carolinapaper. It is in a proposition before the Legislatureof that Strife, to give permission to a master toemancipate Ins slave fur meritorious services. Itis here announced that it is in violation of the policyof the State to grant emancipation. It is thepolicy of the State also to regard freedom as unnaturaland injurious to the black man. By what principleof justice and humanity, then, can the Legislatureoffer to curse this faithful slave with liberty?He cannot enjoy freedom—he can't take care ofhimself—if set free, he must starve. He will be sureto become crazy, or an idiot, or ruin himself by dissipation.He was as much made to be a slave usthe white man was made to be free, and these legislatorsnow propose to do so great a violence tohis nature in liberating him, as they would toplunge a white man into slavery. Such is the wiseconclusion of John C. Calhoun and his disciples. Mr. Yancey, of Edgefield, gave notice that onMonday next, he would ask leave to introduce abill to enable David L. Adams to emancipate hisman Charles. Under the rule of the House, Mr. Yancey beggedleave to announce the motives and reasons for thisapplication for the emancipation of a slave—whichwas in contravention of the policy of the State.—The slave Charles was a servant of the gallantyoung Lieut. Adams, of the Edgefield volunteers,attached to the Palmetto regiment, now engagedin the Mexican war. At the reduction of VeraCruz—on the march to Alvarado, which proved cofatal to our regiment, and on its progress to Puebla,he was ever by the side of his gallant master,whatever position was assigned to him. Whenthe regiment and the army were on the march fromPuebla to the city of Mexico, the extreme rearguard, which was commanded by the brave CorporalBrooks, of the Edgefield company, was attackedby a party of Mexican lancers—the slaveCharles, who was nearer to the regiment than tothe rear guard, seized a musket, and ran and foughtby the side of the lamented Brooke, who was oneof the mess on which he waited. In the terriblebattles of Contreras and Churubusco. where diePalmetto regiment gained immortal honor for itselfand the State, in positions of the greatest danger,Charles, with weapon in hand, was ever bythe side of his young master, (upon the report ofthe brave Lieut. Abney, of the Edgefield company)a courage as unquestionable, and a desire as ardentfor the success of our arms, as any soldier in thearmy. At the battle of Churubusco, where thegallant Adams fell, while bearing aloft the standardof his company, and in that dreadful carnagewhen half the Palmetto regiment were bleeding todeath, Charles lay during a day and night by thedead body of his master, and only left him to procurea few comforts for the brave Abney, who hadfallen wounded upon the field. As an act of gratitudeto the memory of his lamented son, and highappreciation of this untiring devotion and gallantconduct in his slave Charles, the father desiresto be allowed, by an act of the Legislature, to givehim his liberty. These remarks are submitted, thatthe House may be placed in possession, in advance,of the reasons why the Legislature will be appealedto, to depart from the salutary policy of theState.—[South Carolinian. 
