 The existence of an independent Republic offree blacs on the Continent of Africa, comprisinga population of 80,000 souls, including natives whohave been incorporated into the Colony, is one ofthe must remarkable phenomena of modern times.The above estimate of population is given byGov. Roberts in his Inaugural Address, Jan. 3,1848, and is no doubt essentially correct. In thisgrowing Colony, which now extends 300 milesalong the coast, the English language is that whichwill ultimately prevail, and is already spoken to agreat extent.  The tree colored men of the UnitedStates, and even their white Abolition brethren,after abusing the colony without mercy for manyyears, are beginning to look upon at with a considerabledegree of favor, and will probably becomein due time its fast friends. Why should they not?They profess to be the friends of the colored man—and the world does not afford another exampleso honorable to his character, and so cheering tohis hopes. They profess to abhor the slave trade,and this much abused colony has done more torepress that trade, than the combined navies ofEngland, France, and the United States. Theyprofess (som of them) to love the religion of theGospel, and this colony is doing more to spread thatreligion in its purity over the benighted regions ofAfrica, than all others human instrumentalities puttogether. Having become independent, it will forthe present be less an object of jealousy to foreignpowers. Being less dependent upon the ColonizationSociety than formerly, it will be less an objectof jealousy to the enemies of that society at homeand abroad. The practical wisdom of the coloni-zation enterprise, and the far-reaching sagacity andbenevolence of its founders, now begin to standout in bold relief; and as that infant Republicshall expand its frame, and extend its influence,over the whole African continent, becoming alikethe asylum and the glory of the free colored man,even Garrison, or his descendants, if any suchthere be, will be constrained to confess that hos-tility to African colonization, is hostility to the coloredrace.—N.Y. Journal of Commerce. N.Y. Journal of Commerce. Every profession of regard for the interestsof the colored population of this country, when removedto Liberia, on the part of a paper so hostileto the anti-slavery movement as the Journal ofCommerce, only renders more conspicuous itsImpudence and hypocrisy. With the colony at Liberia,as such, we have no controversy, but only withthat spirit which declares that equal rights shall notbe enjoyed on the American soil. 
