 The annual meeting of the Society took placeat Hubbardston according to appointment, onWednesday, March 15, 1848. Joshua T. Everett, President of the Society, presided. In the absence of the Secretary, S.H. Lloyd waschosen Secretary pro tem. George Miles of Westminster, James A. Waiteof Hubbardston, and Moses Smith of Holden, werechosen a committee on nomination of officers for theensuring year. H.C. Wright of Hopedale, Catherine S. Brownof Hubbardston, and Wm.W. Brown of Boston,were chosen a committee on business. Loring Moody of Lynn made some remarks onthe nature of the anti-slavery movement. Amongother things, he observed, that in the commencementwe but little understood the nature of thework we had begun, and to what results it was leadingus. One of the peculiarities of its mission wasto overthrow the popular religion of our country.He thought it corrupt, and in the way of the liberationof the slave. The dissenters of England heconsidered possessed all the vitality of the church ofthat country; so the reformers of this country heconsidered possessed all the vitality of Christianity,in our midst. The church was inadequate to thereform, the power of reformation being without itspale. In conclusion, he observed that it was no triflingthing to turn our backs upon old friends andassociates, but exhorted us to be faithful until ourwork was accomplished. After some remarks by Mr. Wyman of Westminster,H.C. Wright reported the fallowing resolutions. By S.H. Lloyd: Resolved, That as the first element of the principleof Reform, that absolute freedom of expressionand opinion must he acknowledged as fundamental,every attempt at its extinction is but a confessionof the weakness of our cause, and an act ofcorruption and tyranny, in Church, it is priestcraft—in State, despotism. By Henry C. Wright: Resolved, That it is a self-evident truth, that Godcreated all men with an inalienable right to liberty;that whatever is opposed to this self-evident truthis a self-evident falsehood, and is null and void;and whether it be laws, constitutions, customs, institutionsor organizations, it is our duty to seektheir destruction as the enemies of God and man. Whereas, it is generally admitted by the three politicalparties, that the Constitution of the U.S. is apro-slavery document; therefore, Resolved, That those who profess to believe thatslavery is a great sin, and are yet willing to swearto sustain and execute that pro-slavery instrument,show that they are destitute of moral principle, andare wholly unworthy of confidence, inasmuch asthey are willing to swear to do wrong, to get powerto do right. The following is a brief synopsis of Mr. Wright'sremarks. The Declaration of Independence declares that allmen are created equal—that it is a self-evident truth.How great the inconsistency. That a Country beginningwith such a declaration, should reduce onesixth part of its citizens to slavery! If it is a self-evidenttruth all men are born free and equal,whatever is opposed to this is a self-evident falsehoodis an unjust man. The man who sustains a self-evidentsin is a sinner. The church, in sustainingslavery, proves itself to be a liar, and so the Constitution,in that particular, is a self-evident be.The Liberty party, in acknowledging the Constitutionto be pro-slavery, is a self-evident liar. TheBible, he said, we brought in to prove slavery to beright, then the Bible was a self-evident he. Buthe believed the Bible taught no such thing Everyman has a Bible written upon his soul. Ministersbring him a Bible written upon parchment, to disprovethe Bible written upon his soul. He concludedby observing, that of all the enemies of the Bible,none are so bitter as the present clergy and thesupporters of tins country. After some remarks by James A Waite, of thisplace, on the hopelessness of the Church, and byMoses Smith, of Holden, reference having beenmade to the objection, that Christ came not to overturnGovernment, Mr. Wright took up the question,and proved that Christ came to overthrow all thethen existing governments, which were to be supersededby the kingdom he labored to set up to taketheir place. The afternoon session was commenced by remarksfrom L. Moody, on the character of the Anti-Slaverymovement. He was followed, by Wm. W. Brown,who observed, that when he looked at the position ofthe ministry, he did not wonder much at the proslaveryviews of the people. He did not think itstrange that the Reformers were called Infidels, for theirsentiments were in direct opposition to the religionof the day. He believed the Church had done moreto spread Infidelity than Voltaire, or the rest of hisclass. Prove to him that the Bible sanction anysin, and you make him an Infidel. The Anti-Slaverymovement he considers as carrying out the principlesof Christ. He fights the Church and the ministry,because they will not make the application of hisdoctrines to the existing evils of society and government. The following resolutions were then presented:By J.T. Everett Resolved, That the mission of the anti-slaverymovement is not the destruction of the Church orState, as being sinful per se; but our mission isGod-appointed for the destruction of human slavery,in all its ramifications and fibres of every social organization of our country; and if the destruction, ofslavery shall overthrow the State or the Church, werejoice in its downfall, as a certain demonstrationthat the State that is destroyed by the overthrow ofslavery, ought to be destroyed; and the Church thatcannot endure the consuming firs of anti-slaverytruth without destruction, is not a church of theliving God, but a base imposture. per se By C.S. Brown: Resolved, That such is the spirit and implied constructionof the Constitution of the United States,that no abolitionist can consistently vote, receiveoffice, or in any way act in policy with its measures Resolves, that the Mexican War, so called, isThe American war for the extension and perpetuityOf American Slavery. By Henry C. Wright. Resolved, that the pro-slavery clergy of this nation,in quoting the Bible to sanction slavery, aredoing what they can to make that book execrated byevery honest man, insomuch as they seek to arrayit against the self-evident truth, that God made allmen free, &c., and in favor of robbery, concubinage,murder, and every crime. By C.S. Brown: Resolved, That we deeply sympathise with ourBrother James De Laine, of New York, who was incarceratedIn Richmond Penitentiary, for the alleged crime of indirectly aiding two fugitive slaves,a mother and child, from the fangs of the oppressor. indirectly By S.H. Lloyd: Resolved, That the true question of the age isnot to determine a solution of the question, howmuch sin an individual may commits, and be a Christian,but whether he can commit any known sin andbe a Man—whether Religion has any higher standardthan absolute Justice and Purity. Henry C. Wright made some remarks on the characterof the Constitution, its concessions in favor ofSlavery, the power the slaveholder baa over theNorthern voter, and in making the whole countrythe hunting ground of men-stealers. He spoke ofits pledging the military and the whole power ofthe North, to put down the slaves, should they risefor their liberty, while in the same breath its supportersapplaud our revolutionary fathers. Heasked whether a wan could be an honest man, andswear to support that Constitution. The LibertyParty he considered as teaching the most wicked ofall philosophies—this doctrine of swearing to supportan instrument with mental reservations. Itwas the doctrine of the Jesuits, and taps all confidencein our fellows, and all security of government.He observed', in conclusion, that after extensivetravels and observations, he considered our slavery tobe the chief obstacle in the way of the spread ofdemocracy in Europe. After reorganization of the meeting, by readingresolutions, &c., the evening session was commencedby remarks by W.W. Brown, on the progressof the Anti Slavery movement. He gave abrief review of what he has effected for the lasteight years, and he showed that while the specificevil was not removed that we had been laboring toaccomplish, that much had been done. He said thepeople were more capable of deciding upon thequestion, that much opposition had been allayed,much prejudice had been overcome, many obnoxiouslaws abolished, and a way paved for the slave'sfinal redemption. He considered the ultra-abolitionistsas being the principal agitators in this movement,who kept the people straight, and to whom theslave's redemption will be mainly owing. At the conclusion of his remarks, the meeting becamea witness of the most affecting scene, the followingresolution having been presented and read. Resolved, That in the death of Mrs. SALLY B.EVERETT, this Society has lost an active and efficientcoadjutor, the slave a tried and true friend;and we trust that the mantle of her anti-slavery faithand works will fall upon those who will abundantlyfill her place in the ranks of the anti-slavery host. ALLY VERETT Mr EVERETT, who had been affected to tears, repliedin a calm and affecting strain, testifying tothe simplicity of heart and fidelity of her who hadbeen his bosom companion. Thy resolution beingpassed by the Secretary, the sympathy of the Societywas testified thereto by the members unanimouslyrising. VERETT Mr. Wright followed, and closed by urging us tovigilance in the advocacy of our cause, and in affectionatetones alluded to the loss of one of our number,in which, he said, we have an admonition thatwhat we do, should be done quickly.' The following list of names were nominated andelected as officers of the Society for the ensuingyear: President—JOSHUA T. EVERETT President Vice Presidents—J.G. Clark, James A. Waite, ofHubbardston; Moses Smith, Holden; Albert Howe,Princeton, Joel Smith, Leominster; Benj. Snow,Jr. Fitchburg, George Miles, Westminster, AlfredWyman, do; Alvan Ward, Ashburnham; ReubenHarris, Winchendon; George Hoyt, Athol; Wm.B. Stone, Gardner; Benj. Rugg, do; Mr. Barnard,Berlin. Vice Presidents Secretary—T.P. Locke. Secretary Treasurer—Benson Bigelow. Treasurer Counsellors—Catharine S. Brown, Hubbardston;Joseph Raymond, do; Noah Humphrey, Princeton;Lyman Burnham, do; Mrs. Drake, Leominster;Mrs. White, Mrs. Irs Hoar, Westminster; GeorgeS. Flint, Rutland; George Cowel, Gardner. Counsellors The resolutions were taken up, and all of themunanimously adopted, and the proceedings of themeeting voted to be published in the Liberator andAnti-Slavery Standard. JOSHUA T. EVERETT, Pres't. S.H.LLOYD, Secretary pro tem. LOYD pro tem. ☞The 'Standard' will please copy. 
