 ☞The following eloquent and impressive letterto the Editor of the London News, from the distinguishedFrench poet, patriot, and exile for Liberty'ssake, VICTOR HUGO, will be read by millions withthrilling motions. All honor to the man! News ICTOR UGO To the Editor of the London News. Editor of the London News. SIR— When one think of the United States ofAmerica, a majestic figure rises to the mind—aWashington. Now, in that country of Washington,see what is going on at this hour! There are slaves in the Southern States, a fact whichstrikes with indignation as the most monstrous of contradiction,the reasonable and freer conscience of theNorthern States. There slaves these negroes, a whiteman, a free man, and John Brown, wanted to deliver.Certainly, if insurrection be ever a sacred duty, it isagainst slavery. Brown wished to begin the goodwork by the deliverance of the slaves in Virginia.Being a Puritan, a religious and austere man, and fullof the people, he cried aloud to these man—his breathers—the cry of emancipation,' Christ has set us free!'The slaves, enervated by slavery, made so responses tohis appeal—slavery makes deafens in the soul.Brown, finding himself abandoned, fought with ahandful of heroism men; he struggled; he fell riddledwith bullets; his two young some, martyra of a holycause, deed at his side. This is what is called theHarper's Ferry affair. John Brown taken prisoner, has just been triedwith four of his fellows—Stephens, Cop pie, Greenand Copeland. What sort of trial it was, a word willtell. Brown, stretched upon a truckle bed, with six half-closedwounds—a gun-shot wound in his arm, onein his loins, two in the sheet, two in the head—almostbereft of hearing, bleeding through his matters, thespirits of his two dead some attending him; his fourfellow-prisoners crawling around him; Stephens withfour saber wounds; 'justice' on a hurry to have donewith the case; an attorney, Hunter, demanding thatit be dispatched with sharp speed; a judge, Parker,assenting;the defenses cut short; scarcely any delayallowed; forged or garbled documents put in evidence;the witness for the prisoner shut out; thedefense clogged; two guns lauded with grape broughtinto the court, with an order to the jailers to shoot theprisoners in case an attempt at rescue; forty minutesdeliberation; three sentences to death.  I affirm,on my honor, that all this took place, not in Turkey,but in America. Such things are set done with impunity in the fateof the civilized world.  The universal conscience ofmankind is an ever-watchful eye. Let the Judge ofChristian, and Hunter, and Parker, and the slave-holdingjurors, and the whole population of Villagersponder it welt; they are seen! They are not alone inthe world. At this moment, the game of Europe isfixed on America. John Brown, condensed to die, was to have beenhanged on the 2nd of December—this very day. Butnews has this insect dreaded us. A respite is grantedhim. It is not until the 16th that he is to die.The interval is short. Has a cry of money time tomake itself heard? No matter. It is a duty to letup the voice. Perhaps a second respite may be greeted. Americais a noble land. The sentiment of humanity is canquickened among a free people. We hope that Brownmay be saved. If it were otherwise, if Brown shoulddie on the scaffold on the 15th of December, what aterrible calamity! The executioner of Brown, let us save it equally(for the day of the kings is part, and the day of thepeople dawns, and to the people we are bound franklyto speak the truth_—the executioner of Brown wouldbe either the Attorney Hunter, nor the Judge Parker,nor the Governor Wise, nor the State of Virginia;it would be, we say it, and we think it with a shudder,the whole American republic. The more one loves, the more one admire, themore one reserve the republic, the more heart-bitone feels at such a catastrophe. A single State caughtnot to have the power to dishonor all the rest, and inthis ones federal intervention is a clear right. Onewise, by hesitating to interfere when it might preventa crime, the Union because an accomplice.  No matterhow intense may be the indignation of the generousNorthern States, the Southern States associatethem with the disgrace of this murder. All of us,whosoever we may be—for whom the democratic causeis a common country—feel ourselves in a mattercompromised and hurt. If the scaffold should beerected on the 16th of December, the incorruptiblevoices of history would thenceforward testify that theaugust confederation of the New World had addedto all its ties of holy brotherhood a brotherhood ofblood, and the fasces if that splendid republic wouldbe bound together with the running noose that hangfrom the gibbet of Brown. fasces This is a bond that kills. When we reflect on what Brown, the liberator, thechampion of Christ, has striven to effect, and whenwe remember that he is about to die, slaughtered bythe American republic, the crime assume the preparationof the nation which commits it; sad when weman race; that—like France, like England, like Germany—she is one of the organs of civilization; thatshe sometimes even out-marches Europe by thesublime audacity of her progress; that she is thequeen of an entire world; and that the born on herbrow an immense light of freedom; we affirm thatJohn Brown will not die, we recoil, honor-struck,from the idea of so great a crime committed by sogreat a people. In a political light, the murder of Brown would bean irreparable fault. It would penetrate the Unionwith a secret fissure which would in the end tear itasunder. It is possible that the execute of Brownmight consolidate slavery in Virginia, but it is certainthat it would convulse the entire American Democracy.You preserve you shame, but you scarifies youglory. In a moral light, it seems to me that a portion ofthe light of humanity would be eclipsed; that eventhe idea of justice and injustice would be observed ofthe day which should witness the assassination ofEmancipation by Liberty. As for myself, though I am but an stone, vet bringas I am, in common with all other men, inspired withthe conscience of humanity, I kneel is tears beforethe great starry banner of the new world, and withclasped hands, and with profound and final respect, Iimplore the illustrious American Republic, sister ofthe French Republic, to the safely of the universalmoral law, to save Brown, to threw down thethreatening scaffold of the 15th December, and notto suffer that beneath its eyes, and I add, with a shoulder,almost by its fault, the first fratricide be outdoor. tears For—yes, let America know it, and ponder it well—there is something more terrible than Cain slaying.Abel—it is Washington slaying Spartacus. VICTOR HUGO. Hauteville House, December 2, 1859. ☞In this connection, the republication of the followingadmirable letter from the same gifted writer,written some time ago to Mrs. MARIA WATSON CHRISMAN,will be gratifying to our readers— ARIA ATSON HRISMAN MADAMS— I have scarcely anything to add to yourletter. I would cheerfully sign every line so it. Pursueyour holy work. You have with you all greatand all good hearts. ADAMS You are pleased to believe, and to answer not, thatmy voice, in this august cause of liberty, will be listenedto by the great American people, when I haveso profoundly, and whose destinies, I am fain to think,are clearly linked with the mission of Frances. Yesdesire me to lift up my voice. I will do it at once, and I will do it as all accessories.I agree with you in thinking, that, within a definitetime—that, within a time not distance—the UnitedStates will repudiate Slavery with horror! Slaveryin such a country! Can there be an incongruity thatmonstrous? Barbarism installed in the very heart ofa country, which is itself the affirmation of circulation;liberty wearing a chain; blasphemy echoingfrom the alter; the collar of the negro chained to thepedestal of Washington! It is a thing unheard ofI say more, it is impossible. Such a spectral woulddestroy itself. The high of the Nineteenth Countryalone is enough to destroy is enough to destroy it. What! Slavery sanctioned by law among that illustrationpeople, who for seventy years have measuredthe progress of civilization by their march, demonstrateddemocracy by their power, and liberty by theirprosperity! Slavery on the United States! It is theduty of this republic to set such a bad examples inlonger. It is a shame, and she was never born is bowher head. It is not when Slavery is taking leave of old nation,that it should be received by the new. WhatWhen Slavery is departing from turkey, shall it restAmerica? What! Drive it from the heart ofOmar, and adopt it at the heart of Franklin?No! No! No! There is an inflexible logic which developes moreor less slowly, which fashions, which redresses assuringto a mysterious plan, Perceptible only to great spirits,the facts, the men, the laws, the morals, the purple;or better, under all human things, then arethings divine. Let all those great soul who love the United States,as a country, be re-around. The United States mustrenounce Slavery, or they must renounce Liberty—They cannot renounce Liberty. They must renounceSlavery, or renounce the Gospel. They will neverrenounce the Gospel. Accept, Madame, with my devotion to the causeyou advocate, the homage of my respect. VICTOR HUGO. 6, Juliet, 1851, Paris. 
