 BY REV. WILLIAM R. ALGER. The Lecture Committee of the Fraternity Association,whose course of lectures has been so popular thepresent winter, generously offered to their patrons anextra lecture, which was delivered on Thursday eveningDec. 22d at the Music Hall, by Rev. WilliamR. Alger, who took for his subject,' The HistoricPurchase of Freedom— appropriate theme forForefathers' Day. The audience was large, the hallbeing almost entirely filled, and the lecture one ofgreat ability. abounding in vigorous passages, andexpressed in most felicitous language. It occupiedan hour and a half in the delivery, and held the undividedattention of the audience from the first sentenceto the last—frequently electing the most enthusiasticapplause. It has since been published ina handsome pamphlet, with a valuable appendix, byWalker, Wise &CCo. 245 Washington Street, Boston.We can find room for only the letter portion of it,the perusal of which, we are sure will quicken thedesire to possess it unabridged. Many respectable men affirm, in deprecation ofthis agitation, that it results in unmixed evil, exasperatingthe South to an tenacity. Even ifso, the inference is not sound. Shall Nathan refrainto lift his finger and cry, ' thou art the man,' forfear David will be enraged and cleave closer to hissin? But I vehemently disbelieve, that had noabolitionist sound been heard, whole State wouldbefore now have abolished slavery. The reverse isthe truth. The fiercer from determination of the Southis a natural growth from its own pampered spirit,and from the increased value of the property. Whenin contact with the benightedness and ferocity ofSouthern civilization, we place the fact that thewinning of one new territory to their domain instantlyadds a hundred million dollars to theirwealth, and helps them towards a preponderance ofpower, who believes that slavery would have diesthere, had Mr. Garrison not been born here? In hisseventh of March speech. Daniel Webster says,(Quid nit medicos? Nihil le veneno!—Whathave been the caused which have created so new afeeling in favor of slavery in the South? I supposesir, this is owing to the rapid growth of the COTTONplantations.' The plea which asks us serveour cause by being dumb, is the sophistry of cowardiceand indifference. Have we not, with ourown eyes, seen a definite and solid good won by determinedagitation? Like Venus from the foam ofthe sea, the Goddess of Liberty rose out of the dustof the commotion in Kansas! there here? le veneno! It is clear that there are but three issue for thisdilating controversy. First through the singlenessof purpose and avalanche will of the South, andthrough an increased servility in the North, theslave power may triumph, and in its supremacy,make slavery national in usage as it already is intheory. My God! shall this ever be permitted?Among the green hills of Vermont shall gangs ofNegroes be driven a field beneath the constellation ofthe Whip? Shall the click of the planter's revolver,the snap of the overseer's lash, and the clank of thechattel's gives, be added to the sounds of our Massachusettsforge, and loom, and press, while somemeet successor of the insolent and lugubriousToombs calls the roll of his slaves at the foot ofBunker Hill, and great Warren's statue crimsonsthrough the marble? If that ever happen, farewell,a long farewell to the yearning expectationson mankind! For in the dismal future following, isseen, far away, a horoscope of demoralization, impoverishment,brutality and rottenness, sinking offinto the night. We must prevent that. It is ourduty to prevent it. A bottomless damnation awaitsus if we do not prevent it. Unquestionably weshall prevent it: although Charles O'Connor doesstand up in the free city of New York, and say,'Slavery is just, wise beneficent, and ought tobe perpetuated.' Indignant ghost of O'Cnnell,why did thou arise and blast thy recreantcountrymen! Insulted abodes of Curran Grattan,Emmett, why were ye not invoked to rise and laythe renegade Irishman who dared to utter, in theface of a free people, sentiments of such transcendentatrocity! lay Secondly, in consequence of the deepening exasperationof feeling, and widening opposition of interest,between the advocates of slavery and its seemliest,the Union may be shattered by fratricidalconvulsion, and the question settled by violence.Should such a crisis of desperation arrive, howeverrent, blackened, drenched the confederacy, there canbe no doubt as to the result. The right and thestrength and the certain victory are all the on one side,where stands the solemn group of the Pilgrims—Carver,Bradford, Winslow, Brewster, John Aldenand Priscilla, the Stan dishes, both Miles and Rose,—pointing down to the group of their great Revolutionarysons—Washington, Franklin Adams,Henry, Laurens, Rutledge, Jefferson—and both togetheradjuring us to stand fast in the ranks wherethey stood, fight valiantly in the cause they foughtfor, and finish the historic purchase of freedom towardswhich they paid so heavy an installment! Can the slaveholder extinguish the North Star,turn back the hand on the dial-plate of time, erasethe teachings of history, uneducated the human race,and plunk th moral law from the thrones if God?Besieged by the civilized world. four millions ofslaves within his camp, God frowning on him, thvery air teeming with phaeton and hurtling withinvisible weapons to his disordered fancy, what canthe Southern despot do, but either, with self-firedpetard, hoist his all or surrender? Let disunionand conflict come and the abolition of slavery willbe the consequences as surely as the run sets. Butso long as there is a better way , we do not courtthat method of the issue. Nor will it come, unlessprecipitated by the South, drunk with passion, TheNorth desire simply freedom, justice, honor, notdisunion. Do not all our Northern Politicians boostto call in the magnetic is equator, or line of no dip?But the slaveholders attempt no concealment of theirenormous Southern inclination.  Our watchword is'The welfare of the country;' theirs, 'The interestsof the South.' It is the South alone that constantlythreatens withdrawal, and plots treason.Her governors write it for their messages; her legislatorsengross it in their records; her congressionaldelegation speak it in the halls of the capitol; herbarb some orators, great and little, scream it amidstbowls knives and pistols; her newspapers keep itstanding in their columns; her mobs yell it as theyborn the houses of freemen, ride abolitionists onrails, in coats of tar and feathers, throw printing-pressesinto rivers, shoot schoolmasters before theirpupils, drown or bang every man who utters a woodfor liberty, and shake the star-spangled banner overtheir codes of slaves. Unless we stop our oppositionto slavery, and yield whatever it demands, Iverily believe disunion and civil war will come fromthe unbridled madness of the South, if she is permittedto make them come. It is our duty to preventthem from that quarter. How can we do it? if she is permittedto make them come. This brings us to the third and last alternative.We can never cease opposing slavery until it ceasesto exist. This the laws of Providence demonstrate.It is fate. The sacred crusade having once begun,must go on to end. The man who can scan thelessons of history, and then expect the agitatingmoral power of anti-slavery to withdraw from thefield and extinguish itself, is no better than a fool.How, them, can we avert the rending catastrophe?There is but one way clean of blood. The freeStates, by the legal exercise of their guaranteedrights under the Constitution, must assume the nationalgovernment, and prevent the disruption of theUnion in behalf of slavery, as President Jacksonprevented South Carolinian nullification. In thelast general election, eleven hundred thousand voteswere cast in the slave States, twenty-nine hundredthousand in the free States. Ought we not, then,to have the control of the national government? Aslaveholder is unfit to fill any national representativeoffice. Mr. Calhoun was made Secretary of State.How quickly he disgraced the country, and madethe check of every honorable man in it burn withshame, by flaring an atrocious eulogy of slavery inthe eyes of the nations! The civilization of the age,and our own compromised moral sensibility, commandus to cry, No slavery propagandist in anygovernmental place! Let the offices of the country,from that of the president down to that of the tidewaiter,be filled scrupulously with men pledged tothe interest of freedom and righteousness, as theyare now filled with men generally devoted to the interestsof slavery and partisanship, and there willbe no further danger of disunion. The gigantic officialpatronage of the nation will no longer be prostitutedto debauch the consciences, and buy theprinciples of our aspirants. The South, ever eagerfor offices, will grow considerate, allow the right offree discussion, begin to apprehend the true economicalbearings of the question, and seek how to bringherself up to the standard of the rest of the country.And, perhaps, by soon obeying the voice of her braveHelper, and introducing the redemptive force ofNorthern institutions, she will quietly avert her'Impending Crisis.' Our last duty, therefore, inthe free States, is, by the ballots of a majority ofthe population, to grasp the government, and administerit fairly in the interests of truth and humanity.In such hands alone will the country beredeemed, and the Union be safe. The Southern party in the North brand themselveswith infamy by the audacious cry they keep up aboutthe disunionist and incendiary spirit of the free-soilvoters. They profess to monopolize the civil virtues.All others hate their country and their fellow-men.Precisely the same inversion of the truth was madein the sad early day of our Religion. Nero, in hiscruel and crazy frolic of fiddling, set Rome on fire,and then accused the CHRISTIANS of it. AndTactics says: 'They were convicted less of thiscrime than of hatred of the human race! Nero andhis pagans loved the human race! Christ and hisfollowers hated the human race! Henry A. Wiseand Franklin Pierce love justice, mercy, and mankind!Ralph Waldo Emerson and John G. Whittierlove robbery and murder, and hate mankind!At least, following Tacitus, so teachers the BostonCourier, and the infallibility of that meek journalis well known. I did not know that American patriotismconsisted in brawling at corrupt caucuses,screeching fiendishly for the flag, whether right orwrong, living on the public treasury, and threateningto deluge our streets and villages with fraternalblood rather than have that darling supply of salariedpap cut off. I thought patriotism sacrificedselfish interest, that its country might stand pureand honorable among men. I dreamed that thetrue patriot loved his country so well that he wouldkeep his life clean and his tongue truthful, for hersake. The slaveholders are steering the ship of state towardsa reef. The freedom party wish to turn herinto the safe channel. The slaveholders swear if itbe done, they will scuttle her. Their northern allieshelp them t keep her on her fatal course, crying,'The Republicans mean to sink the ship!' Theydesire but to rescue the ship from her mad pilots,preserve her from the reef, and guide her to her truehaven. And these calumniators know it perfectlywell. The falsely named Conservative party of the Northis mainly responsible for the spasms of terror andrage which have recently shot through the South,the fear and hate which, at the apparition of twentyarmed men, for forty days and forty nights kept agreat State pale and blustering, a half ludicrous,half pitiable spectacle. For that party have assuredthe South that this poor squad of heroic but misguidedadventurers were supported by a large majorityof the people of the North, animated by anirrepressible desire for their destruction. Dwelling,as the slaveholders do, in a magazine of explosiveelements, no wonder they quake and are filled withrallying wrath when their pretended friends informthem that millions of the people of the free States,with murderous malignity, are fomenting an insurrectionamong them, and are ready to march to itssupport with flags and cannon. Did he not know,when he said it, that he was eructing a naked liehuge enough to split any other throat, and virulentenough to blister any other lips? Listen! 'A part of the pulpit has set up amongus a religion of hate, such as belongs only to thecondemned devils in hell.' 'A band of drunkenmutineers, under the black flag of the pirate, withthe death's head force and aft, have seized the commonwealth,and are about to blow her up, with allshe contains.' 'All the political influences dominanthere are founded on the single emotion oftreacherous, ferocious, fiendish hate of our fellow-citizensin the Southern States.' This is the soothingmessage which the Conservative wealth, learning,respectability, and conscience of Massachusetts,in Faneuil Hall assembled, send out to the agitatedhalf of the confederacy, through the immaculatemouth of Caleb Cushing! A more outrageousslander was never uttered. A more inflammatoryfalsehood was never blown Southward. Caleb, Caleb,was ever the Presidency in this humor wooed?Was ever the Presidency in this humor won? That meeting in Faneuil Hall was to be condemnedbecause it accused the great majority ofNorthern voters of a treasonable purpose and a demoniacalsentiment they do not harbor, and areknown not to harbor. Our dear and loyal NewEngland stands by the Fathers, the honor, and theduty of America; and whenever confronted withher slave-breeding sisters, conscious of her innocenceand good aims, she may proudly say to them, asnoble Banquo said to the hags on the health of Fores,'I neither beg nor fear your favors nor yourhate.' That meeting in Faneuil Hall commands notrespect, because, stripped of verbiage and disguiseit really expressed but three things, neither of whichis moral, or dignified, or deserved such pomp andcircumstance of expression. First, it mid, timidly,'Gentlemen of the South, we are frightened, we willcompromise principle for peace; put your feet on ournecks!' Secondly, a little louder, it said, 'Gentlemenof the South, some of us are holders of office,others are candidates for office, and we want yourvotes; put your feet on our necks!' And, thirdly,with a voice like multitudinous waters, it said,'Gentlemen of the South, we want your trade andmoney; please put your feet on our necks a littlemore!' Such selfish sycophancy is simply loathsome. we willcompromise principle for peace and we want yourvotes we want your trade andmoney It not the foreign slave trade carried on by theSouth at this moments, with impunity, in defianceof the Constitution, in defiance of the civilized world,in defiance of decency, in' in defiance of God? Doesweek pass in which some helpless traveller, pedler,or piano-forte tuner, is not subjected to the cowardlyand brutal violence of a Southern mob because heexpresses noble principles? Has not the price offive thousand dollars been set on William LloydGarrison by the State of Georgia these twenty-eightyears past? Did not slaveholder Foots say to aNew Hampshire Senator, in session of Congress,'Visit my constituents, and we will gibbet you onthe nearest trade'? Did not the unhappy person whorepresented South Carolina try to murder a MassachusettsSenator in his seat?  Did not slaveholderDavis say in the House of Representatives fourteendays ago,—Virginia has hung the traitor Brown,and if they get hold of Seward they will hang him?—hang simply because he opposes slavery, the illustrioussenator who ought to be the next Presidentof the United States. Was not the reward often thousand dollars recently offered by responsiblepersons for the delivery of Joshua Giddings, in thecity of Richmond, that a mob might tear and tramplehim? What have we ever done correspondingto these sets? Calab Cushing, if we are animatedby 'the single emotion of treacherous, ferocious,fiendish hate,' what, in Heaven's name, must theybe animated by? 'No, gentleman of the South'—thus would aFansuil Hall meeting, expressing the genuine feelingof the Freedom Party, say—we do not hate you.We feel kindly towards you. We wish you allblessings. The anti-slavery sentiment is nourishedby solemn convictions of conscience, allegiance tothe welfare of the country, regard to the claims ofmankind, and obedience to the will of God; anddoes not rest and feed on batred of you. Oh, bynot that flattering unction to your souls! WhenVirginia sent over the Union her appeal for the reliefof pestilence-stricken Norfolk, while from allthe other slave States she received only twelve thousanddollars, did we not send her forty-two thousand?You must discriminate the asserted malignityagainst yourselves, which we do not feel, from theundying hatred we cherish for slavery; and institutionwhich sustain barbarian and mob law is asure source of strife and danger, destroys the sanctityof the mall, adopts the Austrian passport system,and tends equally to degrades its victims into animalsand to inflame its lords into fends. Opposedto the iniquities of your system, we wish you well.We beseech you to refrain from those mobocraticacts, every one of which drives up to the heart,through the warm runnels of our blood, more fervorof anti-slavery conviction than a dozen ethicaldemonstrations would generate. Violence is a losinggame for you, gentleman! Sowing the wind ofborder-ruffians in Kansas, did you not reap thewhirlwind of John Brown at Harper's Ferry?—John Brown, the fifth lineal descendant of PeterBrown, who landed from the Mayflower on PlymouthRock two hundred and thirty-nine years agoto-day! You strangled him, but could not stranglethe power of the lessons he taught, nor the idealshape of splendor which rose from his gallows tohover over the historied continent forever. Asfriends, we tell you you had better desist from yourguilty advocacy. We implore you to put aside thebraggadocio attitude and the filibuster array bywhich you offend our moral sensibilities and disgraceus before mankind. We ask you to cause yourselvesto be represented in the national councils byyour cultivated Christian gentleman, who will bringgrammar in their brains and purity in their hearts;not by your vicious braggarts and fanatics, withbutcher knives in their bosoms and revolvers in theirpockets. We invite you to grant us our rights asthe majority, and fraternally to co-operate with usin prudent measures prospective to emancipation.Do this, and all will be well. But if you obstinatelyrefuse, remember we are stronger than you, arein the right and shall no longer submit to be drivenby you.' That is the true voice of the free States. not system you That We bate not the slaveholders. We hate not the3Union. But we do hate the sin which thrives intheir shadow. And we say to them, 'For God'ssake cease to nourish it!' A French naturalistonce saw, in the lastnesses of mountain land, anenormous black serpent coiled at the foot of a cliffon whose summit was an eagle's nest, into whichtwo of the serpent's young had crawled and destroyedthe eggs. The eagle, suddenly returning. tore theintruders from his nest, flung them mangled away,and darted on the parent snake. The reptile twistedand struck at its assailant with its fangs. Whenthe contest had continued for some time, the bruisedand wearied snake sought to retreat into its hole;but the determined bird, planting himself before theentrance, guarded his body with one wing, whilewith the other he struck his enemy prostrate, andwith one blow of his beak laid its head open—andthe conflict was over. We say to slavery, Bewarelest by straying beyond your home, and attemptingto thrust your offspring into the nest of Public Territory,to suck the unhatched eggs of freedom there,you prove! the assault of the aroused Genius of theRepublic! We are also bound to rescue the general governmentfrom the Slave-Power, by the claims of consistency;as well as to prevent the otherwise threateneddisunion and war. The inalienable right of everyman to the pursuit and enjoyment of the blessings ofexistence is the basis on which our country properlystands. We flaunt this principle on our greatcharter, and have proclaimed it to the wholeearth. And now to stand up in the face of mankind,and declare that we mean freedom and equality forourselves, but abject bondage for those in our power,is conduct so flagrant, it is no wonder our moral influenceis neutralized, and our name a hissing.America is now represented before the world by thatillicit Captain, who, when seized on the deck fromwhich he had ordered two hundred manacled slavesto be hurled overboard in his fight, and beneathwhich were crowded five hundred more, had in hisbosom a bowie-knife, bearing on one side the inscription,'THE LAND OF THE FREE AND THE HOME OF THEBRAVE;' on the other side, 'DO UNTO OTHERS AS YOUWOULD HAVE THEM DO UNTO YOU!' If it be not ourduty to reverse all this, why then there is no duty.Let us pledge ourselves to discharge the obligation.We can do it. We have nothing to give us distrust,either in Southern propagandists or Northern apologists.The allegiant East affiliating itself with theMiddle States, and the generous North West mustput a stop to the fearful demoralization and politicaldegeneracy of the country, and restore the noblerstrain of the Fathers. Rescuing the administrativepower of the land from its long perversion, andguiding its policy and patronage to issues of rightcousnessand liberty, the Freedom Party, if theywill, can save the country and fulfil the hopes ofmankind, showing that not even the most formidableleague of falsehood and power can always availto hide the omnipotence of justice, or HE LAND OF THE FREE AND THE HOME OF THEBRAVE O UNTO OTHERS AS YOUWOULD HAVE THEM DO UNTO YOU To fetter the Truth as she moves through the world, With her hand to the sword and her banner unfurled.' Friends, Citizens of the Free States! if we do ourduty without flinching, civil strife, bloodshed andruin will be forever averted. The national consciencewill be thoroughly awakened, the publicmind illuminated, the common heart touched. Thebrightening fires of truth and love will burn so intenselyand so widely, that all fetters will melt, thecollected corruptions of ages be consumed, the countryagree with one consent to put an end to this evilthing, and the splendid vision of a Republic realizingthe logical consequence of the Declaration ofIndependence, will emerge on the gase of the world.Swiftly the time will speed forward when the enjoymentof the prerogatives of humanity shall be theuniversal birthright, not the purchased privilege, ofman. Then, as from the far-off and blackenedpeaks of the Past, the gathered generations, amidthe meteor lights and crimson standards of war, withdeadly weapons in their hands, shout across the interveningchasm, 'With a great sum obtained we thisfreedom,'—from the green summits of the Present,the congregated multitudes under the white flags ofpeace, and in the sweet smile of heaven, with implementsof industry and symbols of plenty in theirhands, shall cry, in glad and grateful response,'But we were free-born.' With a great sum obtained we thisfreedom But we were free-born. 
