 Letter from Mrs. Meson of Va. to L. Maria Child. Letter from Mrs. Meson of Va. to L. Maria Child. ALTO, King George's Co., Va., Nov. 11, 1859. LTO Do you read your Bible, Mrs. Child? If you do,read there, 'Woe unto you, hypocrites, and taketo yourself with two-fold damnation that terriblesentence; for 'rest assured, in the day of judgmentit shall be more tolerable for those thus scathed bythe awful denunciation of the Son of God, than foryou. You would soothe with sisterly and motherlycare the hoary-headed murderer of Harper's Ferry!A man whose aim and intention was to incite thehorrors of a servile war—to condemn women of yourown race, ere death closed their eyes on their sufferingsfrom violence and outrage, to see their husbandand fathers murdered, their children butcheredthe ground strewed with the brains of theirbabes.  Two antecedents of Brown's band provedthem to have been the off scourings of the earth;and what would have been our fate had they foundas many sympathizers in Virginia as they seem tohave in Massachusetts? Now, compare yourself with those your 'sympathywould devote to such ruthless ruin, and say,on that 'word of honor, which never has beenbroken,' would you stand by the bedside of an oldnegro, dying of a hopeless disease, to alleviate hissufferings as far as human aid could? Have youever watched the last, lingering illness of a consumptive,to soothe, as far as in you lay, the investablefate? Do you soften the pangs of maternityin those around you by all the care and comfort youcan give? Do you grieve with those near you, eventhough their sorrows resulted from their own misconduct?Did you ever sit up until the 'weehours' to complete a dress for a motherless child,that the might appear on Christians day in a newone, along with her more fortunate companions?We do these and more for our servants, and why?Because we endeavor to do our duty in that state oflife it has pleased God to place us. In his revealedword we read our duties to them—theirs to us arethere also—Not only to the good and gentle, butto the forward.—(Peter ii: 18,) Go thou and dolikewise, and keep away from Charles town. If thestories read in the public priests be true, of the sufferingsof the poor of the North, you need not gofar for objects of charity. Thou hypocrite! takefirst the beam out of thine own eye, then shalt thouare clearly to pull the mote out of thy neighbor'sBut if, indeed, you do lack objects of sympathy nearyou, go to Jefferson County, to the family of GeorgeTurner, a noble, true-hearted man, whose devotionto his friend (Col. Washington) causing him to riskhis life, was shot down like a dog. Or to that ofold Beckham, whose grief at the murder of his negrosubordinate made him needlessly expose himself tothe aim of the assassin Brown. And when you canequal in deeds of love and charity to those aroundyou, what is shown by nine-tenths of the Virginiaplantation then by your sympathy whet theknives for our throats and kindle the torch that firesour homes. You reverence Brown for his clemencyto his prisoners! Prisoners! and how taken? Unsuspectingworkman, going to their daily duties;unarmed gentleman taken from their beds at thedead hour of the night, by six men doubly andtrebly armed. Suppose he had hurt a hair of theirheads, do you suppose one of the band of disparitieswould have left the engine house alive? Anddid not he know that his treatment of them was hisonly hope of life then, or of clemency afterward?Of course he did. The United States troops couldnot have prevented him from being torn limb fromlimb. you you you near you to do our duty in that state oflife it has pleased God to place us. around I will add in conclusion no Southerner oughtafter your letter to Gov. Wise and to Brown, toread a line of your composition, or to touch a magazinewhich bears your name in its list of contributionand in this we hope for the 'sympathy,' atleast of those at the North who deserve the name ofwoman. M.J.C. MASON. Mrs. Child's Reply. WAYLAND, Mass., Dec. 17, 1859. AYLAND Prolonged absence from home has prevented myanswering your letter so soon as I intended. I haveno disposition to retort upon you the 'two-folddamnation,' to which you consign me. On thecontrary, I sincerely wish you well, both in thisworld and the next. It the anathema proved a safelyvalue to your own boiling spirit, it did some goodto you, while it fell harmless upon me. Fortunatelyfor all of us, the Heavenly Father rules His universeby laws, which the passions or the prejudicesof mortals have no power to change. As for John Brown, his reputation may be safelytrusted to the impartial pen of History; and hismotives will be righteously judged by Him whoknoweth the secrets of all hearts. Men, howevergreat they may be, are of small consequence in comparisonwith principles, and the principle for whichJohn Brown died is the question at issue between us. You refer me to the Bible, from which you quotethe favorite text of slaveholders. 'Servants, be subject to your masters with all fear; notonly to the good and gentle, but also to the forward.'—1Peter, 2:18. Abolitionists also have favorite texts, to some ofwhich I would call your attention. Remember those that are in bonds as bound with them'—Heb. 13:3. 'Hide the outcasts.  Bewray not him that wandereth.Let mine outcasts dwell with thee. Be thou a covert tothem from the face of the spoiler.—Isa. 16:3,4. 'Thou shall not deliver unto his master the servantwhen is escaped from his master unto thee. He shalldwell with the where it liketh him best. Thou shalt notoppress him.'—Deut. 23:15, 16. 'Open thy mouth for the dumb in the cause of all suchas are appointed to destruction. Open thy mouth, judgerighteously, and plead the cause of the poor and needy.—Prov. 23:8,9. 'Cry aloud, spare not, lift up thy voice like a trumpet,and show my people their transgression, and the house ofIsrael their sins.—Isa. 58:1. I would especially commend to slaveholders thefollowing portions of that volume, wherein you sayGod has revealed the duty of masters: 'Masters give unto your servants that which is just andequal knowing that ye also have a Master in heaven.—Col. 4:1. Neither be ye called masters, for one is your master,even Christ; and all ye are brethren.'—Matt. 23:8, 10. Whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you, doye even so unto them.—Matt 7:12. Is not this the fast that I have chosen, to loose theboards of wickedness, to undo the heavy burdens and to letthe oppressed go free, and that ye break every yoke?—Isa. 58:6. They have given a boy for a harlot, and sold a girl forwise, that they might drink.'—Joel 3:3 He that oppresseth the poor, reproacheth his Maker.'—Prov. 14:31. Rob not the poor because he is poor; neither oppressthe afflicted.  For the Lord will plead their cause, andspecial the soul of those who spoiled them.—Prov. 22:22, 23. Woe unto him that useth his neighbor's service withoutwages, and giveth him not for his work.—Jer. 22:18. 'Let him that stole, steal no more, but rather let himlabor, working with his hands.'— Eph. 4:28. 'Wo unto them that decree unrighteous deerace, and thatwrite grievousness which they have proscribed to turnaside the needy from judgment and to take away the rightfrom the poor, that widows, may be their prey, and thatthey may rob the fatherless.'—1sa, 10:1, 2. 'If I did despise the cause of my man-servant or of mymaid servant when they contend with me, what then shallI do when God riseth up? and when he visiteth, what shallI answer Him?—Job 31:13, 14. 'Thou hast sent widows away empty, and the arms of thefatherless have been broken. Therefore snares are roundabout thee, and sudden fear troubleth thee; and darkness,that thou canst not see.'—Job 22:9, 10, 11 Behold the hire of your laborers, who have reaped downyour fields, which is of you kept back by fraud, crieth;and the cries of them which have reaped are entered intothe ears of the Lord of Sabaoth. Ye have lived in pleasureon the earth, and been wanton; ye have nourishedyour hearts as in a day of slaughter; ye have condemnedand killed the just.—James 5:4 If the appropriateness of these texts is not apparent.I will try to make it so, by evidence drawnentirely from Southern sources. The Abolitionistsare not such an ignorant act of fanatics as you suppose.They know whereof they affirm. They arefamiliar with the laws of the slave States, whichare alone sufficient to inspire abhorrence in any humaneheart or reflecting mind not perverted by theprejudices of education and custom. I might fillmany letters with significant extracts from yourstatute-books; but I have space only to glance at afew, which indicate the leading features of the systemyou cherish so tenaciously. Southern know leading The universal rule of the slave State is that 'thechild follows the condition of its mother.' This isan index to many things. Marriages between whiteand colored people are forbidden by law; yet a verylarge number of the slaves are brown or yellow.When Lafayette visited this country in his old age,he said he was very much struck by the great changein the colored population of Virginia; that in thetime of the Revolution, nearly all the household slaveswere black, but when he returned to America, hefound very few of them black. The advertisementsin Southern newspapers often describe runawayslaves that 'pass themselves for white men.' Sometimesthey are described as having 'straight, lighthair, blue eyes, and clear complexion.' This couldnot be, unless their fathers, grandfathers, and great-grandfathershad been white men. But as theirmothers were slaves, the law pronounces them slaves,subject to be sold on the auction block whenever thenecessities or convenience of their masters or mistressesrequires it. The sale of one's own children,brothers, or sisters, has an ugly aspect to those whoare unaccustomed to it; and, obviously, it cannothave a good moral influence, that law and customshould render licentiousness a profitable vice. mother. mothers them profitable Throughout the slave States, the testimony of nocolored person, bond or free, can be received againsta white man. You have some laws which on theface of them, would seem to restrain inhuman menfrom murdering or mutilating slaves; but they arerendered nearly null by the law I have cited. Anydrunken master, overseer, or patrol, may go into thenegro cabins and commit what courage he pleases,with perfect impunity, if no white person is presentwho chooses to witness against him. North Carolinaand Georgia leave a large loop-hole for escape.even if white persons are present, when murder iscommitted. A law to punish persons for 'mailciouslykilling a slave' has this remarkable qualification.'Always provided that this act shall notextend to any slave dying of moderate correction.'We at the North find it difficult to understand howmoderate punishment can cause death. I have readseveral of your law-books attentively, and I find nocases of punishment for the murder of a slave, exceptby fines paid to the owner, to indemnify him for theloss of his property: the same as if his horse or cowhad been killed. In the South Carolina Reports isa case where the State had indicted Guy Raines forthe murder of a slave named Isaac. It was provedthat William Gray, the owner of Isaac, had givenhim a thousand lashes. The poor creature made hisescape, but was caught, and delivered to the custodyof Raines, to be carried to the county jail. Becausehe refused to go, Raines gave him five hundredlashes, and hew died soon after. The counsel forRaines proposed that he should be allowed to acquithimself by his own oath. The Court decided againstit, because white witnesses had testified; but theCourt of Appeals afterward decided that he ought tohave been exculpated by his own oath, and he wasacquitted. Small indeed is the chance for justice toa slave, when his own color are not allowed to testify,if they see him maimed or his children murdered;when he has slaveholders for Judges andJurors; when the murderer can exculpate himselfby his own oath; and when the law provides thatit is no murder to kill a slave by 'moderate correction!' moderate death. owner property thousand lashes. own oath. white witnesses ought acquitted. Your laws uniformly declare that 'a slave shallbe deemed a chattel personal in the hands of hisowner, to all intents, construction, and purposewhatsoever.' This, of course, involves the right tosell his children, as if they were pigs also, to takehis wife from him 'for any intent or purpose whatsoever.Your laws also make it death for him toresist a white man, however brutally he may betreated or however much his family may be outragedbefore his eyes. If he attempts to run away,your laws allow any man to shoot him. By your laws, all a slave's earnings belong to hismaster. He can neither receive donations nor transmitproperty. If his master allows him some hoursto work for himself, and by great energy and perseverancehe earns enough to buy his own hones andsinews, his master may make him pay two or threetimes over, and he has no redress. Three such caseshave come within my own knowledge. Even awritten promise from his master has no legal value,because a slave can make no contracts. Your laws also systematically aim at keeping theminds of the colored people in the most abject stateof ignorance. If white people attempt to teach themto read or write, they are punished by imprisonmentor fines; if they attempt to teach other, they arepunished with from twenty to thirty-nine lasheseach. It cannot be said that the Anti-Slavery agitationproduced such laws, for they date much furtherback.; many of them when we were Provinces.They are the necessities of the system, which beingitself an outrage upon human nature, can be sustainedonly by perpetual outrage. necessities The next reliable source of information in the advertisementin the Southern papers. In The NorthCarolina (Raleigh) Standard, Mr. Micajah Ricksadvertises. Runaway, a negro woman and twochildren. A few days before she went off, I burnedher with a hot from on the left side of her face. Itried to make the letter M.' In the Natchez Courier,Mr. J.P. Ashford advertise a runaway negrogirl, with a good many teach missing and the letterA branded on her check and forehead. In TheLesington Observer (Ky.) Mr. William Overstreetadvertises a runaway negro with 'his left eye out.scare from a dirk on his left arm, and much scarredwith the whip.' I might quote from hundreds ofsuch advertisements offering rewards for runawaydead or alive,' and describing them with, 'ears cutoff,' jaws broken,' 'scarred by rifle-balls,' & The NorthCarolina Standard Natchez Courier TheLesington Observer Another source of information is afforded by yourFugitives from Injustice,' with many of whom Ihave conversed freely.  I have seen scars of thewhip and marks of the branding-iron, and I havelistened to their heart-breaking sobs, while theytold of 'piccaninnies' torn from their arms andsold Another source of information is furnished byemancipated slaveholders. Sarah M. Grimke, daughterof the late Judge Grimke, of the SupremeCourt of South Caroline, testifies as follows: 'AsI left my native Stats on account of Slavery, anddeserted the home of my fathers to escape the soundof the lash and the shrieks of tortured victims, Iwould gladly bury in oblivion the recollection ofthose scenes with which I have been familiar. Butthis cannot be. They come over my memory likegory spectres, and implore me. with resistless power,in the name of a God of mercy, in the name of acrucified Saviour, in the name of humanity, for thesake of the slaveholder, as well as the slave, to bearwitness to the horrors of the Southern prison-house.She proceeds to describe dreadful tragedies, theactors in which she says were 'men and women ofthe first families in South Carolina;' and thattheir cruelties did not, in the slightest degree, affecttheir standing in society. Her sister, AngelinaGrimke, declared: 'While I live, and Slaverylives, I must testify against it. Not merely for thesake of my poor brothers and sisters in bonds; foreven were slavery no curse to its victims, the exerciseof arbitrary power works such fearful ruinupon the hearts of slaveholders, that I should feelimpelled to labor and pray for its overthrow withmy latest breath.' Among the horrible barbaritiesshe enumerates is the case of a girl thirteen yearsold, who was flogged to death by her master. Shesays: 'I asked a prominent lawyer, who belongedto one of the first families in the state, whether themurderer of this helpless child could not he indicted,and he coolly replied that the slave was Mr.—'sproperty, and if he chose to suffer the loss, no oneelse had anything to do with it.' She proceeds tosay: 'I felt there could be for me no rest in themidst of such outrages and pollutions. Yet I sawnothing of slavery in its moat vulgar and repulsiveforms. I saw it in the city, among the fashionableand the honorable, where it was garnished by refinementand decked out for show. It is my deep,solemn, deliberate conviction that this is a causeworth dying for. 1 say so from what 1 have seen,and heard, and known, in a land of Slavery, whereonrest the darkness of Egypt and the sin of Sodom.'I once asked Miss Angelina if she thought Abolitionistsexaggerate the horrors of Slavery. She replied,with earnest emphasis: 'They cannot be exaggerated.It is impossible for imagination to go beyondthe facts.' To a lady who observed that the timehad not yet come for agitating the subject, she answered:'I apprehend if thou wert a slave, toilingin the fields of Carolina, thou wouldst think thetime had fully come.' must cannot slave fully Mr. Thorne, of Kentucky, in the course of hiseloquent lectures on this subject, said: 'I breathedmy first breath in an atmosphere of Slavery. Butthough I am heir to a slave inheritance, I am boldto denounce the whole system as an outrage, a complicationof crimes, and wrongs and cruelties, thatmake angels weep.' 'Mr. Allen of Alabama, in a discussion with thestudents at Lane Seminary, in 1834, told of a slavewho was tied up and beaten all day, with a paddlefull of holes. At night, his flesh wits literally poundedto a jelly. The punishment was inflicted withinhearing of the Academy and the Public Green. Butno one took any notice of it. No one thought anywrong was done. At our house, it is so common tohear screams from a neighboring plantation, that wethink nothing of it. Lest any one should think thatthe slaves are generally well treated, and that thecases I have mentioned are exceptions, let me be distinctlyunderstood that cruelty n the rate, and kindnessis the exception.' generally In the same discussion, a student from Virginia,after relating cases of great cruelty, said: 'Suchthings are common all over Virginia; at least, sofar as I am acquainted. But the planters generallyavoid punishing their slaves before strangers.' strangers. Miss Mattie Griffith of Kentucky, whose entireproperty consisted in slaves, emancipated them all.The noble-hearted girl wrote to me: 'I shall goforth into the world penniless; but I shall workwith a light heart, and, best of all, I shall live withan easy conscience.' Previous to this generous resolution,she had never read any Abolition document,and entertained the common Southern prejudiceagainst them. But her own observation sodeeply impressed her with the enormities of Slavery,that she was impelled to publish a book, called 'TheAutobiography of a Female Slave.' I read it withthrilling interest; but some of the scenes made mynerves quiver so painfully, that I told her I hopedthey were too highly colored. She shook her headsadly, and replied: 'I am sorry to say that everyincident in the book has come within my own knowledge. St. Geo. Tucker, Judge and Professor of Law inVirginia, speaking of the legalized murder of runaways,said: 'Such are the cruelties to which astate of Slavery gives birth—such the horrors towhich the human mind is capable of being reconciledby its adoption.' Alluding to our struggle in'76, he said: 'While we proclaimed our resolutionto live free or die, we imposed on our fellow-men, ofdifferent complexion, a Slavery ten thousand timesworse than the utmost extremity of the oppressionsof which we complained. Gov. Giles, in a Message to the Legislature ofVirginia, referring to the custom of selling free coloredpeople into Slavery, as a punishment for offencesnot capital, said: 'Slavery must be admitted to bea punishment of the highest order; and, accordingto the just rule for the apportionment of punishmentto crimes, it ought to be applied only to crimes ofthe highest order. The most distressing reflectionin the application of this punishment to female offendersis that it extends to their offspring; and theinnocent are thus punished with the guilty.' Yetone hundred and twenty thousand innocent babes inthis country are annually subjected to a punishmentwhich your Governor declared ought to be appliedonly to crimes of the highest order. punishment the highest order crimes ofthe highest order. Jefferson said: 'One day of American Slavery isworse than a thousand years of that which we rosein arms to oppose.' Alluding to insurrections, hesaid: 'The Almighty has no attribute that can takeside with us in such a contest.' day thousand years John Randolph declared: 'Every planter is a sentinelat his own door. Every Southern mother,when she hears an alarm of fire in the night, instinctivelypresses her infant closer to her bosom.' Looking at the system of slavery in the light ofall this evidence, do you candidly think we deserve'two-fold damnation' for detesting it? Can younot believe that we may hate the system, and yet betruly your friends? I make allowance for the excitedstate of your mind, and for the prejudices inducedby education. I do not cars to chance youropinion of me: but I do wish yon could be persuadedto examines this subject dispassionately, forthe sake of the prosperity of Virginia, and the welfareof unborn generations, both white and colored.For thirty years, Abolionists have been trying toreason with slaveholders, through the press, and inthe halls of Congress.  Their efforts, though directedto the masters only, have been met with violenceand abuse almost equal to that poured on thehead of John Brown. Yet surely we, as a portionof the Union, involved in the expense, the degeneracy,the danger and the disgrace of this iniquitousand fatal system, have a right to speak aboutit, and a right to be heard also. At the North, wewillingly publish pro-slavery arguments, and askonly a fair field and no favor for the other side. Butyou will not even allow your own citizens a chanceto examine this important subject. Your letter tome is published in Northern papers, as well as Southern;but my reply will not be allowed to appear inany Southern paper. The despotic measures youtake to silence investigation, and shut out the lightfrom your own white population, prove how littlereliance you have on the strength of your cause. Inthis enlightened age, all despotisms ought to come toan end by the agency of moral and rational means.But if they resist such agencies, it is in the order ofProvidence that they must come to an end by violence.History is full of such lessons. right heard ought must Would that the vuil of prejudice could be removedfrom your eyes. If you would candidly examine thestatements of Governor Hincks of the British WestIndies, and of the Rev. Mr. Bleby, long time a Missionaryin those Islands, both before and after emancipation.you could not fail to be convinced thatCash is a more powerful incentive to labor than theLash, and far safer also. One fact in relation tothose Islands is very significant. While the workingpeople were slaves, it was always necessary to orderout the military during the Christmas holidays;but, since emancipation, not a soldier is to be seen.A hundred John Browns might land there, withoutexciting the slightest alarm. To the personal questions you ask me, I will replyin the name of all the woman of New England. Itwould be extremely difficult to find any woman inour villages who does not sew for the poor, andwatch with the sick, whenever occasion requires.We pay our domestics generous wages, with whichthey can purchase as many Christmas gowns as theyplease; a process far better for their character, aswell as our own, than to receive their clothing as acharity after being deprived of just payment fortheir labor. I have never known an instance wherethe 'pangs of maternity' did not meet with requisiteassistance; and here at the North, after we havehelped the mothers, we do not sell the babies. not I readily believe what you state concerning thekindness of many Virginia matrons. It is creditableto their hearts: but after all the best that canbe done in that way is a poor equivalent for the perpetualwrong done to the slaves, and the terrible liabilitiesto which they are always subject. Kindmasters and mistresses among you are merely luckyaccidents. If any one chooses to be a brutal despot,your laws and customs give him complete power todo no. And the lot of those slaves who have thekindest masters is exceedingly precarious. In caseof death, or pecuniary difficulties, or marriages inthe family, they may at any time be suddenly transferredfrom protection and indulgence to personaldegradation, or extreme severity; and if they shouldtry to escape from such sufferings anybody is authorizedto shoot them down like dogs. chooses With regard to your declaration that 'no Southernerought henceforth to read a line of my composition,I reply that I have great satisfaction in theconsciousness of having nothing to lose in that quarter.Twenty-seven years ago, I published a bookcalled 'An Appeal in behalf of that class of Americanscalled Africans.' It influenced the minds ofseveral young men, afterward conspicuous in publiclife, through whose agency the cause was betterserved than it could have been by me. From thattime to this, I have labored too earnestly for theslave to be agreeable to slaveholders. Literary popularitywas never a paramount object with me, evenin my youth; and, now that I am old, I am utterlyindifferent to it. But, if I cared for the exclusionyou threaten, I should at least have the consolationof being exiled with honorable company. Dr.Channing's writings, mild and candid as they are,breathe what you would call arrant treason. Wm.C. Bryant, in his capacity of editor, is openly onour side. The inspired muse of Whittier has incessantlysounded the trumpet for moral warfarewith your iniquitous institution; and his stirringtones have been answered, more or less loudly, byPierpont, Lowell and Longfellow. Emerson, thePlato of America, leaves the scholastic seclusion beloves so well, and disliking noise with all his poeticsoul, bravely takes his stand among the trumpeters.Geo. W. Curtis, the brilliant writer, the eloquentlecturer, the elegant man of the world, lays thewealth of his talent on the altar of Freedom, andmakes common cause with rough-shod reformers. The genius of Mrs. Stowe carried the outworks ofyour institution at one dash, and left the citadelopen to besiegers, who are pouring in amain. Inthe church on the ultra-liberal side, it is assailedby the powerful battering ram of Theodore Parker'seloquence.  On the extreme orthodox side is act ahuge fire, kindled by the burning words of Dr.Cheever. Between them is Henry Ward Beecher,ending a shower of keen arrows into your entrenchmentsand with him ride a troop of sharp-shootersfrom all sects. If you turn to the literature of Englandor France, you will find your institution treatedwith as little favor. The fact is, the whole civilizedworld proclaims Slavery an outlaw, and thebent intellect of the age is active in hunting itdown. L. MARIA CHILD. 
