 ROME, Nov. 24, 1859. OME DEAR SIR—I see by a recent telegraph which thesteamer of Nov. 2 brought from Boston, that theCourt found Capt. Brown guilty, and passed sentenceupon him. It is said Friday, Dec. 2 is fixed as the dayfor hanging him. So, long before this reaches you,my friend will have passed on to the reward of hismagnanimous public services, and his pure, sprightprivate life. I am not well enough to be the ministerto any congregation, least of all to one likethat which, for so many years, helped my soul,while it listened to my words. Surely, the Twenty-EighthCongressional Society in Boston needs aminister, not half dead, but alive all ever; and yet,while reading the accounts of the affair at Harper'sFerry, and of the sayings of certain men at Boston,whom you and I know only too well, I could nothelp wishing I was at home again to see what poorremnant of power is left to me in defence of the Trueand the Right. EAR IR America is rich in able men, in skillful writers,in ready and accomplished speakers. But few mendare treat public affairs with reference to the greatprinciple of justice and the American Democracy;nay, few with reference to any remote future, oreven with a comprehensive survey of the present.Our public writers ask what effect will this opinionhave on the Democratic party, or the Republicanparty, how will it affect the next Presidential election;what will the great State of Pennsylvania orOhio, or New York, say to it? This is very unfortunatefor us all, especially when the people have todeal practically and thus speedily with a questionconcerning the very existence of Democratic institutionsin America; for it is not to be denied that wemust give up Democracy, if we keep Slavery; orgive up Slavery, if we keep Democracy. Democracy Slavery Slavery Democracy. I greatly deplore this state of things. Our ablemen fail to perform their natural functions, to givevaluable instruction and advice to people; andat the same time they debase and degrade themselves.The hurrahs and the offices they get are poor compensationfor falseness to their own consciences. In my best , I do not pretend to much politicalwisdom, and still less now while sick, but Iwish yet to set down a few thoughts for your consideration.They are, at least, the result of long meditationon the subject; beside, they are not at all nownor peculiar to me, but are a part of the PublicKnowledge of all enlightened men.  1. A man held against his will as a slave has anatural right to kill every one who seeks to preventhis enjoyment of liberty. This has long been recognizedas a self-evident proposition, coming so directlyfrom the primitive instincts of human nature,that it neither requires proofs nor admits them. A man held against his will as a slave has anatural right to kill every one who seeks to preventhis enjoyment of liberty. 2. It may be a natural duty of the slave to developthis natural right in a practical manner, and actuallykill all those who seek to prevent his enjoyment of liberty.For if he continue patiently in bondage:First, he entails the foulest of curses on his children;and, second, he encourages other men to commit thecrime against nature which he allows his own masterto commit. It is my duty to preserve my ownbody from starvation If I fail thereof throughsloth, I not only die, but incur the contempt andloathing of my acquaintances while I live. It is notless my duty to do all that is in my power to preservemy body and soul from Slavery; and if I submit to thatthrough cowardice, I not only become a bondman,and suffer what thraldom inflicts, but I incur alsothe contempt and loathing of my acquaintances.Why do freeman scorn and despise a slave? Becausethey think his condition is a sign of his cowardice,and believe that he ought to prefer death to bondage.The Southerners hold the Africans in greatcontempt, though mothers of their children . Why?Simply because the Africans are slaves; that is, becausethe Africans fail to perform the natural dutyof securing freedom by killing their oppressors. It may be a natural duty of the slave to developthis natural right in a practical manner, and actuallykill all those who seek to prevent his enjoyment of liberty. 3. The freeman has a natural right to help theslaves recover their liberty, and in that enterprise todo for them all which they have a right to do forthemselves. The freeman has a natural right to help theslaves recover their liberty, and in that enterprise todo for them all which they have a right to do forthemselves. This statement, I think, requires no argument orillustration. 4. It may be a?Natural Duty for the freeman tohelp the slaves to the enjoyment of their liberty, andas means to that end, to aid them in killing all suchas oppose their natural freedom. It may be a?Natural Duty for the freeman tohelp the slaves to the enjoyment of their liberty, andas means to that end, to aid them in killing all suchas oppose their natural freedom. If you were attacked by a wolf, I should not onlyhave a right to aid you in getting rid of that enemy,but t would be my duty to help you in proportionto my power. If it were a murderer and not a wolf,who attacked you, the duty would be still the same.Suppose it was not a murderer who would kill you,but a kidnapper who would enslave you, does thatmake it less my duty to help you out of the handsof your enemy? Suppose it is not a kidnapper whowould make you a bondman, but a slaveholder whowould keep you one, does that remove my obligationto help you? right duty murderer kidnapper slaveholder 5. The performer of this duty is to be controlledby the freeman's power and opportunity to help theslaves the impossible is never the obligatory). Icannot help the slaves in Dahomey or Borneo, andam not bound to try. I can help those who escapeto my own neighborhood, and I ought to do so.My duty is commensurate with my power; and asmy power increases, my duty enlarges along withit. If I could help the bondmen in Virginia to theirfreedom as easily and effectually as I can aid therunaway at my own door, then I ought to do so. The performer of this duty is to be controlledby the freeman's power and opportunity to help theslaves ought These five maxims have a direct application toAmerica at this day, and the people of the FreeStates have a certain dim perception thereof, which,fortunately, is becoming clearer every year. Thus, the people of Massachusetts feel that theyought to protect the fugitive slaves who come intoour State. Hence come (1st) irregular attempts tosecure their liberty, and the declarations of noblemen, like Timothy Gilbert and others, that theywill do so even at great personal risk; and (2) thestatute laws made by the Legislature to accomplishthat end. feel Now, if Massachusetts had the power to do asmuch for the slaves in Virginia as for the runawaysin her own territory, we should soon see those twosets of measures at work in that direction also. that I find it is said in the Democratic newspapers that'Capt. Brown had many friends at the North, whosympathized with him in general, and in special approvedof this particular scheme of his; and theyfurnished him with some twelve or twenty thousanddollars, it would seem.' I think much of that istrue of us. If he had succeeded in running off oneor two thousand slaves to Canada, even at the expenseof a little violence and bloodshed, the majorityof men in New England would have rejoiced, notonly in the end, but also in the means. The firstsuccessful attempt of a considerable number of slavesto secure their freedom by violence will clearly showhow deep is the sympathy of the people for them,and how strongly they embrace the five principles Imentioned above. A little success of that sort willserve as priming for the popular cannon; it is alreadyloaded. priming Of course, I was not astonished to hear that anattempt had been made to free the slaves in a certainpart of Virginia, nor should I be astonished if another'insurrection' or 'rebellion' took place inthe State of—, or a third in—, or a fourth in—. Such things are to be expected; for they donot depend merely on the private will of men, likeCapt. Brown and his associates, but on the greatGeneral Causes which move all human kind to hateWrong and love Right. Such 'insurrections' willcontinue as long as Slavery lasts, and will increase,both in frequency and in power, just as the peoplebecome intelligent and moral. Virginia may hangJohn Brown and all that family, but she cannothang the human race; and until that is done, noblemen will rejoice in the motto of that once magnanimousState—'Sic semper Tyrannis!' 'Let such bethe end of every oppressor.' It is a good Anti-Slavery picture on the Virginiashield—a man standing on a tyrant, and choppinghis head off with a sword; only I would paint thesurordholder black and the tyrant white, to show theimmediate application of the principle. The Americanpeople will have to march to rather severe music,I think, and it is better for them to face it in season.A few years ago, it did not seem difficult first tocheck Slavery, and then to end it without any bloodshed.I think this cannot be done now, nor everin the future. All the great charters of humanityhave been writ in blood. I open hoped that of AmericanDemocracy would be engrossed in less costlyink; but it is plain, now, that our pilgrimage mustlead through a Red Sea, wherein Pharaoh will gounder and parish. Alas! that we are not wiseenough to be just, or just enough to be wise, and sogain much at small cost! black white immediate application Look, now, at a few notorious facts: 1. There are four million slaves in the UnitedStates violently withheld from their natural rightsto life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Now,(1), they are our fellow-countrymen—yours andmine, just as much as any four million white men.Of course, you and I owe them the duty which oneman owes another of his own nation—the duty ofinstruction, advice, and protection of natural rights.If they are starving, we ought to help feed them.The color of their skins, their degraded social condition,their ignorance, abates nothing from theirnatural claim on us, or from our natural duty towardthem. There are men in all the Northern States who feelthe obligation which citizenship imposes on them—the duty to help those slaves. Hence more the ANTI-SLAVERYSOCIETY, which seeks simply to excitethe white people to perform their natural duty totheir dark fellow-countrymen. Hence comes Capt.Brown's expedition—an attempt to help his countrymenenjoy their natural right to life, liberty, andthe pursuit of happiness. NTI LAVERY OCIETY He sought by violence what the Anti-Slavery Societyworks for with other weapons. The two agreein the end, and differ only in the means. Men likeCapt. Brown will be continually rising up amongthe white people of the Free States, attempting todo their natural duty to their black countrymen—that is, help them to freedom. Some of these effectswill be successful, Thus, last winter, Capt. Brownhimself escorted eleven of his countrymen from bondagein Missouri to freedom in Canada. He did notsnap a gun, I think, although then, as more recently,he had his fighting tools at hand, and would haveused them, If necessary. Even now, the UndergroundRailroad is in constant and beneficent operation. Byand by, it will be an Overground Railroad from Masonand Dixon's line clear to Canada; the only tunnelingwill be in the Slave States. Northern menapplaud the brave conductors of that Locomotive ofLiberty. tunneling When Thomas Garrett was introduced to a meetingof a political Free-Soilers in Boston, as 'the manwho helped 1,800 slaves to their natural liberty,'even that meeting gave the righteous Quakerthree times three. All honest Northern hearts beatwith admiration of such men; nay, with love forthem. Young lads say, 'I wish that Heaven wouldmake me such a man.' The wish will new and thenbe father to the fact. You and I have had opportunityenough, in twenty years, to see that this philanthropicpatriotism is on the increase at the North,and the special direction it takes is toward the liberationof their countrymen in bondage. three times three. Not many years ago, Boston sent money to helpthe Greeks in their struggle for political freedom(they never quite lost their personal liberty), butwith the money she sent, what was more valuableand far more precious, one of her most valiant andheroic sons, who staid in Greece to fight the greatbattle of humanity. Did your friend, Dr. SamuelG. How, lose the esteem of New England men bythat act? He won the admiration of Europe, andholds it still. political freedom Nay, still later, the same dear old Boston Hunkershad never been more than rats and mice in herhouse, which she suffers for a time, and then drivesout twelve hundred of them at once on a certainday of March, 1776; that satne dear old Bostonsent the same Dr. Howe to carry aid and comfort inthe Poles, then in daily struggle for their politicalexistence. Was he disgraced because he lay seven-and-fortydays in a Prussian jail in Berlin? Noteven in the eyes of the Prussian King, who afterwardsent him a gold medal. whose metal was worthas many dollars as that philanthropist lay days inthe despot's jail. It is said, 'Charity should beginat home.' The American began a good way off,but has been working homeward ever since. TheDr. Howe of to-day would and ought to be moreready to help an American to personal liberty, thana Pole or a Greek to political freedom, and wouldfind more men to furnish aid and comfort to our owncountrymen, even if they were black. It would notsurprise me if there were other and well-plannedattempts in other States to do what Capt. Brownheroically, if not successful, tried in Virginia.Nine out of ten may fail—the tenth will succeed.The victory over Gen. Burgoyne more than made upfor all the losses in many a previous defeat; it wasthe beginning of the end. Slavery will not die adry death; it may have as many lives as a cat; atlast, it will die like a mad dog in a village, withonly the enemies of the human kind to lament itsfate, and they too cowardly to appear as mourners. personal liberty II. But it is not merely white men who willfight for the liberty of Americans; the negroes willtake their defence into their own hands, especially ifthey can find white men to lead them. No doubt,the African race is greatly inferior to the Caucasianin general intellectual power, and also in thatinstinct for Liberty which is no strong in the Teutonicfamily, and just now obvious in the Anglo-Saxonsof Britain and America; besides, the Africanrace have but little desire for vengeance—the lowestform of the love of justice. Here is one example outof many: in Santa Cruz, the old slave laws werethe most horrible, I think, I ever read of in moderntimes, unless those of the Carolinas be an exception.If a slave excited others to run away, for the firstoffence his right leg was to be cut off; for the secondoffence, his other leg. This mutilation was not tobe done by a surgeon's hand; the poor wretch waslaid down on a log, and his legs chopped off with aplantation ax, and the stumps plunged into boilingpitch to stanch the blood, and so save the propertyfrom entire destruction; for the live Torso of a slavemight serve as a warning. No action of a Courtwas requisite to inflict this punishment; any mastercould thus mutilate his bondman. Even from 1830to 1846, it was common for owners to beat theiroffending victims with 'tamarind rods' six feet longand an inch in thickness at the bigger and—rods thickset with ugly thorns. When that process was over,the lacerated back was washed with a decoction ofthe nanchineel, a poison tree, which made the woundsfester, and long remain open. property In 1846, the negroes were in 'rebellion,' and taskcommission of the island; they were 25,000, thewhites 3,000. But the blacks did not hurt the hairof a white man's hand; they get their freedom, butthey took no revenge; Suppose 25,000, theheld in bondage by 3,000 Algerines on a little island,Could get their masters into their hands, how manyof the 3,000 would see the next sun go down? No doubt, it is through the absence of this desireof natural vengeance that the Africans have been seducedto bondage, and kept in it. But there is a limit even to the negro's forbearance.San Domingo is not a great way off. The revolutionwhich changed its black inhabitants from tame slavesinto wild men, took place within the memory ofmany of us. there is a limit even to the negro's forbearance. It shows what may be in America, with no whiteman to help. In the Slave States, there is many apossible San Domingo, which may become actual atany day; and if not in 1860, then in some other'year of our Lord.' Besides, America offers morethan any other country to excite the slave to loveliberty, and the effort for it. We are always talkingabout 'Liberty,' boasting that we are 'the freestpeople in the world,' declaring that 'a man woulddie, rather than be a slave.' We continually praise'our Fathers who fought the Revolution.' We buildmonuments to commemorate even the humblestbeginnings of that great national work. Once aa year; me stop all ordinary work, and give up awhole day to the noisiest kind of rejoicing for theWar of independence. How we praise the 'championsof Liberty'! How we point out the 'infamyof the British oppressors'! 'They would make ourFather slaves,' say we, 'and we slow the oppressor—SIC SEMPER TYRANNIS!' It shows what may be in America  IC SEMPER YRANNIS Do you suppose this will fail to produce its effecton the black man, one day? The South must eithergives up keeping 'Independent Day,' or else keepit to a little more thorough fashion. Nor is thisall; the Southerner are continually taunting thenegroes with their miserable nature. 'You areonly half human,' say they, 'not capable of freedom.'"Hay is good for horse ' not for hogs,' saidthe philosophic American who now 'represents thegreat Democracy at the Court of Turin.' So, libertyis good for while men, not for negroes.Havethey souls? I don't know that. Non mi record do.'Contempt,' says the proverb, will out throughthe shell of the tortoise;' and one day, even thesluggish African will wake up under the three-foldstimulus of the Fourth of July cannon, the whip ofthe slaveholder, and the sting of his heartless mockery.Then, if 'oppression maketh wise men mad,'what do you think it will do to African slaves, whoare familiar with scene of violence, and all mannerof cruelty? Still more: If the negroes have notgeneral power of mind or instinctive love of libertyequal to the whites, they are as much our superiorsin power of cunning, and in contempt for death—rather formidable qualities in a servile war. Therealready have been several risings of slaves in thiscentury: they spread fear and consternation. Thefuture will be more terrible. Now, in case of an insurrection,not only is there, as Jefferson said, 'noattribute of the Almighty 'which can take sideswith the master, but there will be many white menwho will take part with the slave. Men like the Lafayette'sof the last century, and the Dr. Howe's ofthis, may give the insurgent negro as effectual aidas that once rendered to America and Greece; andthe public opinion of an enlightened world will rankthem among its heroes of noblest mark. philosophic libertyis good for while men, not for negroes. Non mi record do. power of cunning contempt for death there will be many white menwho will take part with the slave. If I remember rightly, some of your father werein the battle of Lexington, and that at Bunker Hill.I believed, in the course of the war which followed,every able-bodied man in your town was in actualservice. Now-n-days, there descendant are proudof the fact. One day, it will be thought not lessheroic for a negro to fight for his personal liberty,than for a white man to fight for political independence,and against a tax of three-pence a pound ontea. Wait a little, and things will come round. III. The existence of Slavery endangers all ourDemocratic institutions. It does this, if only toleratedas an exceptional measure—a matter of presentconvenience, and still more when proclaimed asan instantial principle, a rule of political conductfor all time and every place. Look at this—'In1790, there were (say) 300,000 slaves; soon theymake their first doubling, and are 600,000; thentheir second, 1,200,000; then their third, 2,400,000.They are now in the process of doubling thefourth tome, and will soon be 4,800,000; then comesthe fifth double, 9,600,000; then the sixth, 19,200,000.Before the year 1900, A.D., there will betwenty million slaves! An Anglo-Saxon with common sense does not likethis Africanization of America; he wishes the superiorrace to multiply rather than the inferior. Besides,it is plain to a one-eyed man that Slavery isan irreconcilable enemy of the progressive developmentof Democracy; that, if allowed to exist, itmust be allowed to spread, to gain political, socialand ecclesiastical power; and all that it gains forthe slaveholder is just so much taken from the freemen. Look at this— there are twenty Southern Representativeswho represent nothing but property inman, and yet their vote count as much in Congressas the twenty Northerners who stand for the will of1,400,000 freemen. Slavery gives the South thesame advantage in the choice of President; consequentlythe slaveholding South has long controlledthe Federal Power of the nation. Look at the recent acts of the Slave Power! TheFugitive Slave bill, the Kansas-Nebraska bill, theDred Scott decision, the filibustering against Cuba(till found too strong), and now against Mexicoand other feeble neighbors, and, to crown all, theactual re-opening of the African slave-trade! The south has kidnapped men in Boston, and madethe Judges of Massachusetts go under her symbolicchain to enter the court of justice. She has burnedhouses and butchered innocent men in Kansas; andthe perpetrator of that wickedness were rewardedby the Federal Government with high office and greatpay. Those things are notorious; they have stirredup some begin little indignation at the North, and freemenbegin to think of defending their liberty; thencecomes the Free-Soil party, thence the Republicanparty. It contemplates no direct benefit to the slave,only the defense of the white man in his nationalrights, or his conventional privileges. It will growstronger every year, and also bolder. It must laydown principle as a platform to work its measureson: the principle will be found to require muchmore than what was at first proposed, and even fromthis platform Republican will promptly see thatthey cannot defend the natural rights of freemen withoutdestroying that Slavery which takes away thenatural right of a negro. So, first, the wise andjust men of the party will sympathize with such asseek to liberate the slaves, either peacefully or byviolence; next, they will declare their opinion inpublic; and, finally, the whole body of the partywill come to the same sympathy and the same opinion.Then, of course, they will encourage men likeCapt. Brown, give him money and all manner ofhelp, and also encourage the slave whenever theyshall rise to take their liberty, at all hazards. Whencalled to help put down an insurrection of the slaves,they will go readily enough, and do the work byremoving the cause of insurrection—that is, by destroyingSlavery itself. they cannot defend the natural rights of freemen withoutdestroying that Slavery which takes away thenatural right of a negro. by destroyingSlavery itself. An Anti-Slavery party, under one name or another,will before long control the Federal Government,and will exercise its Constitutional Right, andperform its Constitutional Duty, and 'guarantee aRepublican form of government to every State in theUnion.' That is a work of time violence will be oftentried, and each attempt will gain something for thecause of humanity, even by its dreadful process ofblood. IV. But there is yet another agency that willact against Slavery. There are many mischievousperson who are ready for any wicked work of violence.They about in the City of New York (asort of sink where the villainy of both hemispheressettle down, and genders that moral pestilencewhich steams up along the column of The NewYork Harold and The New York Observer, the greatescape-pipes of secular and ecclesiastical wickedness)—they commit the great of violence and robberyat home, plunder emigrants, engage in theslave-trade, or venture on filibustering expeditions.This class of person is common in all the South.One of the legitimate produces of her 'peculiar institution,'they are familiar with violence and readyand able to murder. Public opinion sustains suchmen. Bully Brooks was one of their representativein Congress. Now-a-days they are fond ofSlavery, defend it, and seek to spread it. But thetime must come one day—it may come anytime—when the lovers of mischief will do a little fillibusteringat home, and rouse up the slave to rob, burnand kill. Prudent carpenters sweep up all the shovingin their shops at night at night, and remove this foodof conglagration to a safe place, last the spark of acandle, the end of a cigar, or a friction-match shouldswiftly and their wealth, slowly gathered together.The South takes paints to strew her carpenter's shopwith shaving, and fill it full thereof. She encouragesmen to walk abroad with asked condoles intheir hands, and lighted cigars in their mouths;then they scatter friction-matches on the floor, anddance a filibustering jig thereon. She cries, ' Welldone! Hurrah for Walker!' 'Hurrah for Brooks'"Hurrah for the hark Wanderer and its cargo ofslaves! Up with the bowie-knife! Drown with Justiceand Humanity!' The South must reap as shesows; where he matters the wind, the whirlwindwill come up. It will be a pretty crop for her toreap.  Within a few years, the South has BURNEDSLAVE eight or ten negroes. Other black men lookedon, and learned how to listen the chain, how to pilethe green wood, how to sat this hell-fire of Slaverygoing. The apprentice may be slow to learn, buthe has had teaching enough by this time to knowthe art and mystery of torture; and, depend upon it,the negro will one day apply it to him old tormentor.The Fire of Vengeance may be waked up evenis an African's heart, especially when it is farmedby the wickedness of a white man: then it runsfrom man to man, from town to town. What shallput it out? The white man's blood! The NewYork Harold The New York Observer The white man's blood! Now, Slavery is a wickedness no vast said so old,so rich and so respectable, supported by the State,the Press, the Market, and the Church, that all themagencies are needed to oppose it with—them, andmany more which I cannot speak of now. Yes andI prefer the peaceful method; but I as, least, shallwelcome the violent, If as other seemliest the the end.So will the great mass of thoughtful and good menat the North: else why do us honor the heroes ofthe Revolution, and boiled them movements all overour blessed New England? I think you gave manyfor that of Banker Hill, I once thought it a follynow I recognize it as a great sermon in stone, whichis worth not only all the money it cut to build itbut all the blood it took to lay its corner-stones.Trust me, its lesson will not be in vain—at NorthI mean, for the logic a slavery will hoop the Southon its lower course and drive it on more swiftly thanbefore. 'Capt. Brown expedition was a failure.' I hearit said. I and not quite sure off that. True, itkills fifteen mean by a word and shot, and four or fivemen by the gallows. But it shows the weakness ofthe greatest Slave State in America the worthiemnecsof her soldiery, and the utter fear which Slaverygenders in the bosoms of the masters. Think of thecondition of the City of Washington while Brownwas at work! Brown will die. I think like a martyr, and alsolike a saint. His noble demeanor, his unflinchingbravery, his gentleness, his offer, his often, religious trust inGod, and his words of truth and sober men, cannotfail to make a profound impression on the hearts ofNorthern men: Yes, and on Southern men, 'Forevery human heart is human,' do. I do not thinkthe money wasted , nor the lives thrown away.Many acorns must be own to have one come up;even then, the plant grows slow; but it is an oakat last. Nose of the Christian martyrs died invain, and free Stephen, who was stoned at Jerusalem,to Mary Dyer, whom our fathers hanged on abough of 'the great tree' on Boston Common, Ithink there have been few spirit more pare and devotedthan John Brown's and none that gave uptheir breath in a nobler canes. Let the AmericanState hang his body, the American Church damnhis soul: still the blessing of such as are ready toperish will fall on him and the universal justice ofthe infinitely Perfect God will take him welcomehome. The road to heaven is as short from the gallowsas from a throne; perhaps also, as easy. I suppose you would like to know something aboutme. Rome has treated me to bad weather, whichtells its story in my health, and certainly does notmend me. But I took look for brighter day and happiernight. The sad tidings from America—myfriends in peril, in exile, in jail, killed, or to behung—have filled me with grief, and so I fall backa little, but hope to get forward again. God blessyou and yours, and comfort you! Ever affectionately yours, THEODORE PARKER 
