 [From Greeley's History of the Rebellion.] Benjamin Lundy deserves the high honor ofranking as the pioneer of direct and distinctive anti-slaveryin America. Many who lived before andcotemporary with him were Abolitionists; but hewas the first of our countrymen who devoted hislife and all his power exclusively to the cause of theslaves. Born in Sussex County, New Jersey, January4, 1789, of Quaker parents, whose ancestorsfor several generations had lived and died in thiscountry, he injured himself, while still a mere boy,by excessive labor on his father's farm, incurringthereby a partial loss of hearing, from which be neverrecovered. Slight in frame and below the commonheight, unassuming in manner and gentle inspirit, he gave to the cause of Emancipation neitherwealth, nor eloquence, nor lofty abilities, for hehad them not; but his courage, perseverance, anddevotion were unsurpassed; and these combined torender him a formidable, though disregarded if notdespised, antagonist to our national crime. Leavinghis father s farm at nineteen years of age, hewandered westward at Wheeling, Virginia, where,during the neat four years, he learned the trade ofa saddler, and gained an insight into the crueltiesand villanies of slaveholding—Wheeling being atthe time a great thoroughfare for negro-traders andtheir prey on their route from Maryland and Virginiato the lower Mississippi. Before he madeWheeling his home, he has spent some time atMount Pleasant, Ohio, whither he returned afterlearning his trade, and remained there two years,during which he married a young woman of likespirit to his own. He then, after a long visit to hisfather in New Jersey, settled at St. Clairsville,Ohio, near Wheeling, and opened a shop, by whichin four years he made about three thousand dollarsabove his expenses, and, with a loving wife and twochildren, be was happy and contented with his lotas any man need be. But the impression made on his mind by his experienceof slavery in Wheeling could not be shakenoff nor resisted. In the year 1815, when twenty-sixyears of age, he organized an anti-slavery associationknown as the "Union Humane Society,"whereof the first meeting was held at his own house,and consisted of but five or six persons. Within afew months, its numbers were swelled to four or fivehundred, and included the best and most prominentcitizens of Belmont and the adjacent counties.Lundy wrote an appeal to philanthropists on thesubject of slavery, which was first printed on the4th of January, 1816, being his twenty-seventh birthday.Short and simple as it was, it contained thegerm of the entire anti-slavery movement. Aweekly journal entitled the Philanthropist was soonstarted at Mount Pleasant by Charles Osborne;and Lundy, at the editor's invitation, contributed toits columns, mainly by selections. In a few monthshe was urged by Osborne to join him in the newspaperenterprise, and finally consented to do so, removingto Mount Pleasant. Meantime he made avoyage to St. Louis in a flat-boat to dispose of hisstock of saddlery. Arriving at that city in the fallof 1819, when the whole region was convulsed bythe Missouri Question, be was impelled to write onthe side then unpopular in the journals of the day.His speculation proved unfortunate—the wholewest, and, indeed, the whole country, being then involvedin a commercial convulsion, with trade stagnantand almost every one bankrupt. He returnedto his home on foot during the ensuing winter, havingbeen absent nearly two years, and lost all hewas worth. Philanthropist Meantime, Osborne, tired of his thankless and profitlessvocation, bad sold out his establishment, and ithad been removed to Jones borough, Tennessee, wherehis newspaper took the title of the Emancipator.Lundy removed as he had proposed to Mount Pleasant,and then started, in January, 1821, a monthlyentitled the Genius of Universal Emancipation.He commenced it with six subscribers, himself ignorantof printing and without materials, having hiswork done at Steubenville, twenty miles distant;traveling thither frequently on foot, and returningwith his edition on his back. Four months later, hehad a very considerable subscription list. Aboutthis time, Elihu Embree, who bad started the Emancipatorin Tennessee, died, and Lundy was urged togo thither, unite the two journals, and print themhimself from the materials of the Emancipator. Heconsented, and made the journey of eight hundredmiles, one half on foot and the rest by water. AtJonesborough he learnt the art of printing, and soonissued a weekly newspaper besides the Genius, anda monthly agricultural work. He removed his familya few months later, and East Tennessee wasthenceforward his home for nearly three years, duringwhich the Genius of Universal Emancipationwas the only distinctively and exclusively anti-slaveryperiodical issued in the United States, constantlyincreasing in circulation and influence. And,though often threatened with personal assault, andonce shut up in a private room with two ruffians,who undertook to bully him into some concession bya flourish of deadly weapons, be was at no timesubject to mob violence or legal prosecution. Emancipator. Genius of Universal Emancipation. Emancipator Emancipator. Genius Genius of Universal Emancipation In the winter of 1883-4. the American Conventionfor the Abolition of Slavery was held in Philadelphia;and Lundy made the journey of six hundredmiles and back on purpose to attend it. Duringhis tour he decided on transferring his establishmentto Baltimore; and in the summer of 1823,knapsack on shoulder, be set out on foot for that city.On the way be delivered, at Deep Creek, NorthCarolina, his first public address against slavery.He spoke in a beautiful grove, near the Friends'meeting-house at that place, directly after divineworship; and the audience were so well satisfiedthat they invited him to speak again in their placeof worship. Before this second meeting adjourned,an anti-slavery society was formed; and he proceededto hold fifteen or twenty similar meetings at otherplaces within that State, in one instance, he spokeat a house-raising; in another, at a militia master.Here an anti-slavery society of fourteen memberswas thereupon formed, with the captain of the militiacompany for its President One of his meetingswas held at Raleigh, the capital. Before be hadleft the State, he had organized twelve or fourteenAbolition Societies. He continued his journeythrough Virginia, holding several Meetings, and organizingsocieties of coarse, not vary numerous,nor composed of she most influential persona. It isprobable that his Quaker brethren supplied himwith introductions from place to place,, and that hismeetings were held at the points where violent oppositionwas least likely to be offered. He reached Baltimore about the first of October,and issued on the 10th, No. 1 of Volume IV. of TheGenius, which continued to be well supported,though receiving little encouragement from Baltimoreitself. A year afterward, it began to be issuedweekly. TheGenius Lundy visited Hayti in the latter part of 1825, inorder to make arrangements there for the receptionof a number of slaves, whose masters were willingto emancipate them on condition of their removalfrom the country—in fact, were not allowed by thelaws of their respective States to free them otherwise.Being detained longer than be had expected,be was met on his retain to Baltimore with tidingsof the death of his wife, after giving birth to twins,and hastened to his dwelling to find it entirely deserted,his fire children having been distributedamong his friends. In that hour of intense affliction,be renewed his solemn vow to devote his entireenergies to the cause of the slave, and to efforts designedto awaken his countrymen to a sense of theirresponsibility and their danger, In 1828 be traveledeastward, lecturing and soliciting subscribers tohis Genius, and calling, in New York, on ArthurTappan, William Goodell, and other anti-slaverymen. At Boston be could bear of do Abolitionists,but made the acquaintance, at his boarding-house,of William Lloyd Garrison, a fellow-boarder, whosoattention had not previously been drawn to theslavery question, but who readily embraced hisviews. He visited successively most of the clergymenof Boston, and induced eight of them, belongingto various sects, to meet him. All of them onexplanation approved his labors, and subscribed forhit periodical; and, in the course of a few days,they aided him to hold an anti-slavery meeting,which was largely attended. At the dose of his remarks,several clergymen expressed a general concurrencein his views. Ha extended his journey toNew Hampshire and Maine, lecturing where hecould, and obtaining some encouragement. Hespoke also in the principal towns of Massachusetts,Rhode Island and Connecticut: and on his homewardroute, traversed the State of New York, speakingat Poughkeepsie, Albany, Lockport, Utica andBuffalo, reaching Baltimore late in October. Genius Lundy made at least one other visit to Hayti, tocolonize emancipated slaves; was beaten nearly todeath in Baltimore by a slave-trader, on whose conductbe had commented in terms which seemed disrespectfulto the profession; was flattered by thejudge's assurance, when the trader came to be triedfor the assault, that be (Lundy) bad got nothingmore than be deserved. He made two long journeysthrough Texas, to the Mexican departmentsacross the Rio Grande, in quest of a suitable locationon which to plant a colony of freed blacks fromthe United States, but without success. He traveledin good part on foot, observing the strictest economy,and supporting himself by working at saddleryand harness-mending from place to place, as circumstancesrequired. Meantime, he had been compelledto remove his paper from Baltimore to Washington;and finally (in 1896) to Philadelphia, whereit was entitled the National Inquirer, and at lastmerged into the Pennsylvania Freeman. His colonizingenterprise took him to Monclova, Comargo,Monterey, Matamoras, and Victoria, in Mexico,and consumed the better part of several years, closingin 1834. He also made a visit to the settlementsin Canada of fugitives from American slavery,to inquire into the welfare of their inhabitants.On the 17th of May, 18S8, at the burning by amob of Pennsylvania Hall—built by Abolitionists,because they could be beard in no other—his littleproperty, consisting mainly of papers, books, clothes,etc., which had been collected in one of the rooms,of that Hall, with a view to his migration westward,was totally destroyed. In July, be started for Illinois,where his children then resided, and reachedthem in the September following. He planted himselfat Lowell, in La Salle county, gathered his offspringabout him, purchased a printing office, andrenewed the issue of his Genius. But in August,1839, be was attacked by a prevailing fever, ofwhich he died on the 22d of that month, in the 51styear of his age. Thus closed the record of one ofthe most heroic, devoted, unselfish, courageous livesthat have ever lived on this continent. National Inquirer Pennsylvania Freeman. Genius. 
