 When Mr. Lincoln took his seat, a majority of thepeople who submitted to his rule—without countingthe States in rebellion—had opposed his election.They believed it to be a great national calamity.But they submitted. Why? Because he was lawfullyelected—and for no other reason. Mark this—had it not been for the respect of the people ofthe North for constitutional provisions—had they notconsented to abide by the result of the election.whether they liked or not—Abraham Lincoln couldnever have been inaugurated. Well, he took his seat;and these who had opposed his election not onlygracefully submitted but freely offered their bloodand treasure to maintain his authority. Because theyloved Abraham Lincoln? No! Simply because hewas lawfully elected, and by that election they feltbound to abide. But very soon he found that theprovisions of the Constitution were not enough forhis purpose. He stands before the country now, notas a constitutional ruler, but as a dictator, with noclaim for support or allegiance beyond the sympathyof the people or the bayonets of his soldiery. Lethim beware then how he trusts too much to such atitle. He has lost the respect and confidence of hispeople; but they are willing to tolerate him for anotheryear if he will only allow them the opportunitywhich the laws of the land guarantee them—to sit injudgment upon his acts and endorse or condemn, asthey see fit, at the polls next November. But if hepersists in interfering with this right—whether as inthe border States, by the direct interference of themilitary, or by those contemptible practices which heunderstands so well of which our late State election affordsa beautiful example, it matters not—if he daresto trifle with this—TO YOUR TENTS, O, ISRAEL! Letit be distinctly proclaimed that if Abraham Lincolntries to perpetuate his power by any other meansthan affair and honest appeal to the people, unfetteredand unbribed the constitutional conservative menWILL SUBMIT NO LONGER. It may be said that thisis rebellion. It is not. WE HAVE NO GOVERNMENT.At this day we have only the rotten semblanceof our former republican institutions which exists simplythe sufferance of the people. On the 4th ofMarch, 1865, THIS WILL OF CEASE, AND ANY ATTEMPT IT REYOND THAT DAY WIL BE DISASTROUSTO THOSE THAT MAKE IT. We must havethe Constitutional Government of our fathers, or wewill have nothing. This is the temper of the rank andfile of the Democratic party of it is not of the leaders,and the fact cannot be too often reiterated in the earsof the throne.—Manchester N.H. Daily Union. Abraham Lincoln couldnever have been inaugurated. notas a constitutional ruler, but as a dictator to tolerate him for anotheryear or by those contemptible practices which heunderstands so well of which our late State election affordsa beautiful example SRAEL constitutional conservative men E HAVE NO OVERNMENT. rotten semblanceof our former republican institutions which exists simplythe sufferance of the people. On the 4th of  This is the temper of the rank andfile of the Democratic party of it is not of the leaders,and the fact cannot be too often reiterated in the earsof the throne. Manchester N.H. Daily Union. The Portsmouth, N.H. States and Union says:— States and Union Put McClellan, or any other respectable man havingthe requisite qualifications, upon a sound Democraticplatform, in good faith and we will devotewhatever of energy and ability we possess to his But WILL NEVER SUPPORT THE WAR, orthe coercion of sovereign States, by the Federal Government,under any pretext whatever. It is a an AND AN AROMINATION which no true Democratcan tolerate for a moment."  orthe  Have is another specimen from the same paper ofthe some date:— By the way we notice that these great so-calledSanitary Pairs, purporting to be for the purpose ofprocuring aid and comfort for the sick and woundedsoldiers, are having an extensive ran through thecountry. The alleged object may be a good one, butin looking over the names of the managers in everyinstance, we are led to believe that the whole thingis a political trick very much like the Kansas Aid Societiesof 1855-56 to raise funds for the Abolitioniststo carry on the Presidential election. These managersare leading Administration men, with a liberalsprinkling of those political nondescripts called, forthe want of a better name, 'War Democrats.'" 
