 The New York Metropolitan Record, "A CatholicFamily Paper," of the moat rabid Copperhead type,seditiously says:— Metropolitan Record "We recommend to the earnest consideration ofthose who still suppose the South can be conquered,the eloquent and thrilling address of the GeneralAssembly of Virginia, that grand and gallant commonwealth,the mother of States and or statesmen,the birth-place of Washington, of Lee, and of Jackson.The defiant tone in which it treats of the effortsto enslave the people of the South, and the eloquentlanguage of denunciation in which it ratersto the barbarous system of warfare pursued by theminions of the Washington despot, will meet withan echo in the heart of every man who loves justiceand hates oppression. We trust in God we shallnever are the day on which the glorious old commonwealthwill be subdued, and given ever to thespoiler and the plunderer; to the Butlers and theSchencks; to the licensed burglar and incendiary,incited and encouraged of "the best Governmenton the face of the earth." As to the freedom and independence of the Southwe have no apprehensions. Her people can neverbe conquered, and, if that were possible AbrahamLincoln it net the man to accomplish that subjugation. Her people can neverbe conquered, and, if that were possible AbrahamLincoln it net the man to accomplish that subjugation. The address of the Virginia Assembly is a proofthat the resolution which animated Virginia allthrough this war is as unbroken as ever; that thereis no faltering, no wavering. In the eloquent wordsof this great document," VIRGINIA TAKES NO STEPBACKWARD." IRGINIA TAKES NO STEPBACKWARD. * * * Grand old State, mar we never see theday when you shall have to bow beneath the yokeof the oppressor! If that day should ever come,then will the friends of freedom, the lovers of trueheroism and manhood, mourn over the sad fate of agreat people, who fell while fighting for liberty andindependence; fell on the same soil that gave birth toWashington, to one whose name should have beensufficient to save the great commonwealth from thetread of the heartless invader." —Such is the spirit of a journal that will zealouslysupport McClellan for President Having decidedthat the rebels never can and never should beconquered, it wants a man at the head of affairswho it is certain will never conquer them. 
