 In the Liberator of last week, we announced the deceaseat Salem, Ohio, March 4th, of Capt. JAMES BARNABY,aged 45 years. The last Anti-Slavery Standardcontains an excellent and fitting Discourse deliveredon the occasion of the funeral, by his worthy friendand untiring fellow-laborer in the cause of the slave,MARIUS R. ROBINSON in which a just and eloquenttribute is paid to the character and memory of Capt.Barnaby. Of his Anti-Slavery seal, Mr. R. says:— Liberator AMES ARNABY Anti-Slavery Standard ARIUS OBINSON I need not tell a Salem audience of his devotionto the cause of freedom, and to the slave as therepresentative of that cause. His life is an openvolume, clear and legible to all who knew him. Hegave to this cause the best years of early manhood,and all the energies of his superior mind and loving,noble heart. From the organization of theWestern A.S. Society to his death, except a year ortwo when be was absent from the State, he was amember of its Executive Committee. Much of thegood that the Society accomplished is due to hissears of devoted, faithful labor. In this he gaveevidence that he was an Abolitionist from principle.He gloried in the name when there were fewaround him who dared to whisper it, unless it wascoupled with the laugh of derision, the him of scorn,or the damning prefix "infidel." He was an Abolitionistfor the slave's sake, because be nevercould be otherwise than the considerate friend ofthe wronged and helpless. He was an Abolitionistfor the master's sake, because be abhorred theiniquity of slavery, and would save the sinner fromhis guilt. He was an Abolitionist for religion's sake,for he loathed the hypocrisy and pitied the moral,blindness that could cant of love to God while brutalizinghis image m bit helpless children. Ha wasan Abolitionist for his country's take, for be believedthe supreme law of justice could not be violatedwith impunity by nation, more than by individuals—that no human combination could make crime successful. Of this troth our nation gives bloody evidence today.In time past it framed iniquity by law. Itcrushed the poor and needy by statute, and whileproclaiming the rights and equality of men in declarationsand constitutions, said the mother and herbabe apart on the auction-block. Here was a combinationin defiance of justice, more powerful thanthe world had ever known. The most mighty ofnations gave it the support of in power, while thegreat mass of the churches and ministers. Windedby prejudice, besotted by gain, or cringing; for popularity,with solemn countenance and up-liftedhands, blessed the monstrous, bloody crime. ButGod's laws moved steadily on to their own vindication.Retribution claimed her own of justice. Thisconspiracy against humanity was scattered in fragmentsby that vary selfishness with which they hadthought to sustain and perpetuates it forever. Andnow the nation, taught by the sacrifice of the millionsof treasures she had  the slave,by the blood of thousands of her sons claim in battle—skin by the men whose crime she had preparedand shared—is now, thank God, doing works meetfor repentance; slow to learn, bat yet learningrighteousness. The Church, too. it learning, for theno longer Messes the muter. She prays for theslave, end sends to the Freedmen her gospel andher alms. Thus b wisdom justified of her children.  Our friend was not only an Abolitions, but hevindicated the idea in its moot radical application.When upon our little abolition streamer thaw wordswere inscribed which declare the true policy of freedom—" NO UNION WITH SLAVEHOLDERS"—andwhen this declaration was greeted with the shriekof horror or the howl of rage from all ports of theland, he stepped forward as firmly and calmly tothat standard for in defence, as be baa now descendedto the grave. An act of higher, nobler heroismit was than when, to meet the later exigencies ofthe strife, he buckled on his sword for the bloodyfight But bow signally n troth vindicated! Wellmay he sleep in peace, his work well done. Wellmay all the noble self-sacrificed who have fallen inthe battle rest content with their glory, now that thismotto, upborn by black troops and white, leads oararmy along the whole line, from Carolina to MexicoWell may the old Abolitionists who remaingird themselves anew for whatever work is left,when it has come to pass that no man can hope toreach the Presidential chair, except, as the declarationof his future policy, be has engraved upon hisforehead, as with the pea of iron and the upon hisdiamond, "NO UNION WITH SLAVEHOLDERS!" O NION WITH LAVEHOLDERS  O NION WITH LAVEHOLDERS Yes, the inscription for the tomb of our brother,most expressive or the benevolence and heroism ofhis character, of the parity of his patriotism andthe strength of his principles will be, HERE RESTSAN ABOLITIONIST. ERE RESTSAN BOLITIONIST. " Saw ye not the wheels of fire,And the steed that deft the wind?Saw ye not his soul aspire,When his mantle dropped behind?    "Ye who caught it as it fell,Bind that mantle round your breast,So in you his meekness dwell,So on you his spirit rest.    "Yet, rejoicing in his lot.Still shall memory love to weepO'er the venerable spotWhere his precious relics sleep."    
