 The abolition party has never done anything toassist in putting down the rebellion. The nine hundredthousand volunteers it promised have never beenseen on their way to the seat of war. At every crisis,at every danger, the conservatives have beencalled upon to rally to the good old cause, and theyhave never failed to respond. They will not fail now.They will give Grant the same faith, hope, trust andsupport that they gave to Scott and to McClellan.All that we ask of the Abolitionists is to stand aside,and not to interfere with the work as they have interferedbefore. We ask them to bold their tonguesabout the nigger, to practice their miscegenationschemes in private, to drop their Presidential wires,and to get out of the way of the conservative masses.These are very little sacrifices in comparison withthose which the conservatives have made and areready to make, and we hope that they will not lie refused.We do not appeal to the patriotism of theabolitionists; for they have none. We appeal to alower, but to them a more influential motive. Letthem look at the recent riots at the West Do theyunderstand what these portend? They portend civilwar at the North; and such a civil war will sorelycome if we rush into the mad excitement of a Presidentialelection, before the rebellion is practicallyput down. What would be the results of a Northern civil warat this time? Of course it would secure the successof the rebellion. But, besides that, it would resultin the hanging of Greeley, Garrison, Wendell Phillips,Beecher, George Thompson and other such men, withoutjudge or jury. The Tribune may rant and raveand call us treasonable—"in a new form"—for sayingso; but we appeal to the history of the past, andthe facts of the present, to justify our predictions. Thecopperheads arc fomenting this civil war of the future,as the abolitionists fomented the civil war now raging.Let Horace Greeley examine the files of theTribune, and be will find there the weapons, forgedby his own band, which the copperheads are now usingagainst the government. The curses of the Tribunefanatics are coming home to them in the copperheadconspiracies. We warn these people now, aswe warned them years ago, of the inevitable consequencesof their suicidal folly. Again we ask themto pause in their headlong career, and again we showthem how to retrieve their errors, although, alas!some of the direful results of these errors are new irretrievable.Let them stop talking about Chase orLincoln, or anybody else for the next Presidency.Chase has withdrawn. If Lincoln had a particle ofsense, be would also withdraw. Let Raymond andGreeley save their wrath for the rebels, cease abasingMcClellan—who is a better man and a better patriotthan either of them—and speak of the Northern conservativesrespectfully, or not at all; for we are inperilous times, when hasty words am like torches ina powder magazine.—Bennett's N.Y. Herald. Tribune Tribune Tribune Bennett's N.Y. Herald. 
