 About twenty-eight years ago, the present greatW.L. Garrison was mobbed, in the city of Boston,because he teas a vile Abolitionist. The mob was composedof the wealthy, and elite of that city, And forthis reason it passed into history, as the "ruffle shirtmob." because he teas a vile Abolitionist. Our readers, who are fifty years old will well rememberthis celebrated occurence. As for ourself,we only know of it by having beard the story toldoccasionally. We have but little data upon whichto give all the minutia attending this remarkable circumstancein the history of New England. Mr. Garrison, as we recollect the facts, was foundby the outraged people of that city, in company witha number of whites and negroes, holding a meeting.The people rushed to the building and surroundedit and demanded the leader. Garrison was terriblyfrightened, and escaped at the rear of the buildingand secreted himself in an adjacent carpenter shop,under a work-bench. The infuriated citizens pursuedhim, and finally found him as he lay covered inshavings, and placed a rope around the neck of thepoor frightened creature, and dragged him into thestreet. A gentleman who was an eve-witness to thispart of the -performance, describes the appearance ofthe trembling culprit as most ludicrous. The ropewas placed around his neck by one Cooley, a juniorpartner of one of the oldest and wealthiest houses ofthat city. (!!!) The mayor of the city being apprised of what wasgoing on, hurriedly gathered together a force oftwenty-five policemen, and just as the mob was readyto swing between the heavens and the earth, thepresent Hon. W.L. Garrison rushed in and rescuedhim. He was placed in a close carriage, and drivenrapidly to the city prison. Hon. Our informant says, that no man ever entered the ,portals of any house, with greater alacrity than didGarrison the prison door. This was the only refugethat could then save his life, and to this day he mustlook upon that grim building as his benefactor, andsaviour. This was in Boston, and the vengeance ofthe mob was aimed at the original father of the presentparty, that is in the habit of mobing and exitingmen, who dare to say they love the Constitution andthe Union our fathers made. There is food for reflectionin the history of the ruffle shirt mob, and weleave the reader to reflect for himself.—Cairo Weekly(Copperhead) Democrat. Cairo Weekly(Copperhead) Democrat. 
