 A man has laid his hands upon two nations,helping to break chains in each, deserves the rewardof generous praise. So on Monday night, atthe Cooper Institute, we all clapped our hands intoa beat, at the public reception of George Thompson.We have heard of "English cheers" and a "Scotchwelcome," but, after all, what is heartier than anAmerican greeting? The enthusiastic multitude on that occasion didequal honor to their guest and to themselves; forthey gave him cause to forgive their old injuriesdone to a stranger; and showed how fitting it wasthat the city which once cast him out with cursings,should welcome him back with acclamations."Whom we injure, we hate," says the proverb; andhaving injured this man too greatly, we hated himtoo long. Coming to us as a prophet, we stonedhim as a prophet; but, at last, the very stones oncecast at him are now made into his monument. It isthus that foolish multitudes, from the beginning ofChristianity, have always cheated themselves one oftheir victims—vilifying good men into their fame,and persecuting them into final   At the meeting on Monday night, one of the audience,and one who cheered loudly, was a NewYork politician, who, years ago, was a hound of thepack that howled Mr. Thompson out of the citythere not hope for the world when a man whobegins as a dog, and passes into a politician, mayyet come out right at last? When the times change, how quickly men changewith them! And how sincerely the men of the newopinions think they have never held any other!Out of our window, this frosty morning, is a weather-cockpointing due North—looking, like manyothers at the Monday night meeting, as having alwayspointed that way. Of course, the altered andimproved sentiment of the country is a cause forjoy and thanksgiving; yet we could not help thinking,while sitting at that festival, that if the popularopinion had only changed at an earlier day—whenit was appealed to solely on the ground of moralprinciple, instead of by the exigency of war—how many tears might have been saved, how manygraves been kept unfilled, how many hearts remainedunbroken! The eloquent man who, manyyears ago, came to speak to a free people concerningtheir freedom—and whose single and constantspeech was the same then as now—ought to havebeen heeded then, as he is applauded now. Hadthis been so, the orator, instead of having latelyhelped to save us from a war with England, wouldhave earlier saved us from the war with Ourselves.George Thompson, advocating in England in 1864the cause of the Union, was not more our friendthan while advocating in America in 1834 the causeof freedom. We scorn the littleness of speech which still comesfrom a few pens and tongues, decrying an Englishman,who opens his mouth in the country, as an intermeddlerwith our affairs. The cause of liberty isas universal as Human nature; and no man whoserves among her knight-errantry, come from whateverland or office he will, is a foreigner or an alien.If liberty in Italy may ask the sympathy of anAmerican for Garibalti in prison, so liberty inAmerica may ask the eloquence of an Englishmanfor the negro in chains. John Bright is an Englishman:but if he were to come top this country, wouldwe not give him a hearing? But John Bright haspublicly said that British Emancipation owes toGeorge Thompson more than to any other man.American Emancipation owes him something aswell. He is part of the  that gives saver to theproclamation of Abraham Lincoln. To GeorgeThompson, therefore, who comes for the third timeto our shores, expecting now to spend the remainderof his days here, we give a hearty welcome—actas an Englishman, nor as to be an American—butas a brave and true man who, proudly claimingboth countries, is proudly claimed of both.—N.Y.Independent.  N.Y.Independent. 
