 That pioneer English abolitionist George Thompsonits had his public reception at the Cooper Instituted.and seems to have been very proud of it, incontrasting it with his rough treatment here on hisfirst missionary visit, thirty years ago, and his second,fifteen years later. But the contract between theThompson of 1834 and 1850, and the Thompson of1864, will explain why, in our days of sectionalpeace and harmony, he was regarded as an unwelcomeinterloper; and why, in these days of our terriblecivil war, he is received without any signs of ahostile public opinion. In 1834 he came as the missionaryof a sanguinary abolition agitation. Hecame to saw the seeds of discord and civil waramongst us, and was rejected and hooted out of thecountry, and as a secret emissary from the Britishorganizer, he had done much mischief. He camespin in 1850, when, in spite of the political strengthwhich had been gained by the abolition faction, thecompromise measures, worked through Congress byHenry Clay, promised a long term of peace betweenthe two sections. Under such circumstances it wasnot surprises and Union-saving meetings to listen toGeorge Thompson;" for he was naturally regardedby every friend of peace, and by every true philanthropist,as a public enemy, a public disturber, anda public nuisance. But he comes again in 1864, and is received byhis friends in New York as a born. And wherefore?Because the dragon's teeth which he assisted in sowingbroadcast over the land have sprung an into legionsof armed men, engaged in this dreadful workof slaughtering each other. The labor of his handsas an abolition pioneer missionary having ripenedinto a plentiful harvest of blood, he returns la claimhis reward. He comes to rejoice over oar misfortunesand to glory in ass work. He comes as a philanthropist,when at best his whole career has beenthat of a reckless fanatic. Having wasted his time,talents and money in the pernicious business of inflamingthe two sections of this country to the arbitramentof fire and sword, and when we are taxingall our resources to the uttermost to save the life ofthe nation, he returns from England as a distressedphilanthropist and a money beggar. We only hopethat his modesty will not cause him to limit his laborsin this character to the charities of his Northernabolition friends; for in the matter of bringingabout this terrible war, be has been of equal serviceto the disunion faction of the South.—New YorkHerald. New YorkHerald. 
