 When the rebellion broke out, and for a longtime after, the British Abolitionists sympathizedopenly with the rebels. We were astonished at this.and thought it a wicked inconsistency in them towish success to a rebellion made in behalf of slavery.But there was really nothing strange or inconsistentin it. They had been educated to it. The apostlesit section that we had for years been sending toIsland—Garrison, Pillsbury, Wright, and the rest—had earnestly and consistently preached the doctrime."the only deliverance for the slave is overthe ruins of the American Church and the AmericanUnion." Their British converts believed this,and when they saw the Union endangered by agreat rebellion, they thought it the sure means of deliveranceto the slave, and therefore wished it success.It took long time and effort to dispel these oldprejudices, and bring them to see that in the successof the government and the perpetuation of theUnion less the best hope for the removal of slavery. George Thompson, the leading English advocateof abolition, now on his third visit to this country,in a speech in Boston the other night, claimed creditfor helping to set British opinion right towards thiscountry. He has undoubtedly contributed to thatend. and it was but an act of justice and due reparationfor past injuries on his part; for hitherto hehas associated and labored with those who createdthat false opinion. While in this country before, heaffiliated entirely with the Abolitionists who openlymight the destruction of both Church and State asthe necessary means of removing slavery, and wasthe necessary means of removing slavery, and wasas vehement in his attacks upon the religious as uponthe political institutions of the country. It wasthen the custom of our Abolitionists to denounce asfriends and supporters of slavery all who did notme their ranks, and, being a stranger, Mr. Thompsonaccepted that as true, or professed to do so, andmade himself obnoxious by stigmatizing Americancitizens of character and position, quire as sincerelyassed to slavery as himself, but not ready to destroythe government and the Church in order toremove it. It was not their hostility to slavery thatmade the Garrison Abolitionists odious, so much asthe anarchical and destructive measures they proposed,and their gross injustice to all who did notapprove those measures. Their fanaticism and madnessrepelled the best men from the cause they addressed.and made it next to impossible for a patrioticor Christian man to confess himself an Abolitionist. Mr. Thompson finds a different condition of thingsnow. The Church stands firmer than ever, thoughthe Garrison Abolitionists are not yet reconciled toit, and the people of the North have shown theirreal feeling towards slavery by welcoming gladly theopportunity offered by the war to seek its utter detection.They could not be persuaded by the Abolitionsto violate the fundamental law in order tohill slavery; but they are ready to kill slavery inorder to maintain that law. Facts have correctedMr. Thompson's former notion that it was necessaryto destroy the American Church and Union in orderto destroy slavery; he should also correct his falsenation that there is any attachment to slavery amongthe people of our free States. And if he also correctshimself, and avoids that looseness of personalinvective, indecorous even in a citizen and disgustinga stranger, which formerly marked his publicefforts in this country. Mr. Thompson's third visit tothe [united States may neither be unpleasant norunprofitable to himself. He will not find the Americanpeople, however, in a mood to be patronized byhimself or any other Englishman; for after suchtreatment as we have had from the British governmentand people, their approval or disapproval is amaster to which we are not in the least degree sentence—Springfield Republican. Springfield Republican. 
