 The work of demolition not having been quitecompleted by the attacks of Wendell Philips, LloydGarrison and The adore Parker upon the name andsome of Daniel Webster, a fourth crack-brain wasbrought to the stand, in the person f Ralph WaldoEuropean, who mounting the tripod, whence somuch lunacy has been pro promulgated—the platformof the Broadway Tabernacle—proceeded to put thefinishing touch to the utter extinction of the emeryamong men of the late Senate from Massachusetts.   The particular friends of Ralph Waldo are talkingthe most ineffable twaddle about their pet and hisspeech upon that occasion; and it would seem thata their Masses had come down from the mount, withhis face shining like that of an angel, and too gloriousto look upon. Think of a Massachusetts manwriting, and a Massachusetts editor publishing,that that was only just a very little short of an inspiredoration which attributed tot he speeches ofDaniel Webster 'sterility of thought', 'want ofgeneralization,' and an utter absence of 'a single sentence, or a single valuable aphorism.Which can pass into literature from his writing.'  We do not blame this poor muddle-brain for his so much as we do those who procured itsutterance, ad, by sanctioning it with their presenceafterwards putting it in print, seem to stamp itwith a value and give it a currency it could not obtainwithout such aid. It is like stirring up an inof one of our lunatic asylums to rave and reto the world all he says as gospel. ThisRalph Wall Emerson has been living in an atmosphereof intellectual fog for so many years that hehas become used t it, sees the world and everythingit contains through it and thinks thick, talks in it like a man in a dream. A crazier fellowslaves not out of bedlam, ad yet he has his worshipand admirers, who seem to have much thesome sort of veneration for him as the Mussel mansfor the insane whom it is a part of their religiont revers as something beyond their capacity toof a them.     The discourse delivered by this transcendentalist was one of a series called 'Popular Lecturesof the subject of Slaver.' If there was a paragraphin it, from beginning to end, that had anymeaning, level to a 'popular' comprehension at all,it has been most grossly misreported by the NewYork press. Such turgid sentences, such senselessperiods, such pointless paragraphs, leading to nothing,informing of nothing, savoring of nothingwere never uttered bcf4>re. And such a featherbrain to talk of Daniel Webster's lack of ability itwriting and speaking, and the absence of 'a singlevaluable aphorism' in all his writings !  Here is a specimen of Emerson's idea of a ' valuableaphorism.' Speaking of the Fugitive SlaveLaw, he says : 'Laws are of no use without loyalcitizens to obey them! 'And here, again: ' It is ofno use to vote down gravitation or morals.' Andhare, again : ' Liberty is not cheap: it is the retailof the perfectness of man;' and once more: 'Hewho commits crime,defeats the end of his existence! Truly enough has it been said of this unfortunatepersonage, that he is one of those who seem to besaying something, but the moment you would takehold of that something it collapse under your fingerslike a soap-bubble. 
