 John Mitchel, ia a resent number of his paper,publishes an address to his 'countrymen,' in whichthe following paragraph occurs :— 'Rumers are current among  newspapershere in New York, pointing to some definite and organisedplan now actually on foot fen America, for givingpractical expression to this yearning and passionatelening for a fair and possible enterprise in the causesof freedom and hewer, they even indicate the precisedesign—an invasion of Canada, by Irishmen from theUnited States. Of course, ear countrymen will knewhow much confidence is to be placed in all this. Andthey will ask no more, at present, than to be assuredthat certain Irishmen in New York, men who have thenearest and the deaves interest in the, CAUSE, have resolved,if a fair occasion arises, to avail themselves ofif, and to ask a sufficient number of you to help them.'  than to be assuredthat certain Irishmen in New York, men who have thenearest and the deaves interest in the have resolved,if a fair occasion arises, to avail themselves ofif, and to ask a sufficient number of you to help them. IF John Mitchel's confessions is relation to aslave plantation in Alabama, show how little be the tree spirit of liberty, the shoesparagraph shows how little be cares for the obligationof hospitality. Here is a man, who was afugitive and a stranger, a few months ago, andwho was allowed, by our hospitable laws, all thebenefits had privileges of a free asyle. He hadrebelled against a power with which the UnitedStates are in intimate and friendly intercourse, andhad escaped from the exile to which that powercondemned him. But we received him, nevertheless,with honor and with a hearty welcome. AndGreat Britain, respecting our laws, our republicansentiments, and our power as a nation, took nonotice, either of our, 'great' or our manner ofreceiving him. Mr. Mitchel, however, does notseem to have such a delicate appreciation of therelation in which be stands towards as and towardsthe country with which we are in unity.He has the  to counsel the organization ofIrishmen, in our country for the purpose of invadinga friendly State. He has the hardihood to ignorethe laws of the United States, in relation tothe intercourse of her own citizens with foreignfriendly powers, and excites  who are not citizens,to attack our friends and neighbors fromour shores. It is true, that John Mitchel's presetdeclaration of war against Great Britain maybe in vapid and an little dangerous at his formervitriol rebells: but that is no excuse for his viof the laws of respectability.     preset  We should not have referred to this wor if we did not know that about nw in some quarters.     The laws of this country are literal to foreigners.The land, and all its enterprises, are open to them,and we think it shows bad state, if it does not exhibitwant of sense, when foreigners faster thehatreds and prejudices of their several nationalitiesand prejudices of their several nationalitiesamong us. If the Irish have any quarrel withGreat Britain, we have not; and they should rememberthat our country ought to be s respectedby them, and not made the theatre of theirnational quarrels. our  John Mitchel should remember that this is America,and that he does his countrymen a mortal injury,in the pyes of Americans, when he organizesthem for purposes that are exclusively Irish, anddecidedly anti-American. It would be well forIrishman to abandon their aboard nationalism, andtry all they can to become Americanized. pyes Nobody over hear of the 'English or Scotchvote,' and it would have been well for Irishmen ifsuch a thing as the 'Irish vote' had never beenheard of in America. It has given them an invidiousdistinction in this country—it has broughtthem the flattery and favor of demagogues, but ithas gained them the antipathy of the general community.Such conduct as that of John Mitchel,and of Archbishop Hughes, of New York, shouldbe sternly repudiated by Irishmen, if they do notwish 'Know Nothing' societies to flourish. 
