 John Mitchel complains that he was condemned,by packed jury, and by a judge not greatly to beesteemed. The jury no doubt was packed, as alljuries are; for the Material they are made of intwelve honest men; and willing or not willing,they are clapped into a box, and kept there. Perhapsthe material may not always suit the case inhand, even with all the picking oat and challengingwhich parties are allowed .It does not appearpossible, however, that, in the ease of John Mitchel,the character of the material submitted to thispeeking operation would have been of the slightestconsequence as to finding whether the factscharged were true or not. John Mitchel mighthave taken the place of the jury, or, instead of thehonest men and true, hare set np twelve photographof himself,and taken in person his seatnpon the bench as judge. He could not charge thejury, without instructing them to bring in a verdictof guilty. And if he had whipped off thebench, and become foreman himself, he must haveoffered that verdict to be recorded. He has donelittle else than tell the people of this country thathe was guilty, ever since he came here, He hasbeen all the judge and all the jury in his own person,and has let nobody entertain a doubt of hisguilt, nor of the clever policy of the British governmentin letting him run away .Had he been inSing Sing or Auburn, he would not hart found theopportunity so contemptuously patent. That some of the Irish in this country hats Englandintensely is undoubtedly true,but it is not thosewho love Christianity, nor these who have comepouring out of Ireland to escape from princedomand the harassing bigotry of relations and clansand factions, and whose children now are frequentingour schools, and growing up to be Christiancitizens. This intense hatred of England sinksdown and rests in that sub-stratum below the goodand the useful of the community, which has creptout of Ireland into our great cities, and is foundoccupying the same position in London, in Glasgow,and throughout all the Urge towns of GreatBritain. There is reason for deep condemnation of England,but not altogether for what such men wouldallege as grounds for hatred. Those who read history,know that the heaviest oppressors of Irelandwere Ireland's own Houseman of Parliament; and thatfrom their Tile hand came the atrocities of legislationunder which Ireland shriveled. The heavytaxation of Britain did not extend to Ireland. Ameliorationreally came when Great Britain assumeddirect Jurisdiction over the country. England is deeply guilty in respect to Ireland,and to the world. That is settled by the fact thatsuch a race of men is streaming ont of that country,dogging the steps of the Anglo-Saxon racewherever they go. Their character and theirwretchedness are the witnesses against England.The crime was this—not that they were oppressedby England, but that they were left to internal oppression,and became trained to cower under andendure it. The crime was—heartless and perilousneglect. Having, at the hand of Providence, receivedIreland to be trained (as the Celtic peopleof Scotland were by its Institutions trained) toChristianity, steadfast, pure and free—Englandfulfilled not that duty ; but held the mass of thepopulation for centuries with a haughty and carelessdominion, untaught, uncivilized, and unworn. This country has succeeded, in some degree, tothe same office in respect to the Irish people. Letthere be the lofty contrast of fulfilling the dutyearnestly and tenderly. Let it be understood thatthey come to a land in which they are welcomed,with the desire that the unbiased judgment yielditself, of its own freedom, to the influence of theGospel. Let provision be made to help and to benefitthem in every way, that they may be madesound Christian men, as it becomes a citizen ofthis less to be. 
