 The devil rarely compasses a great deal of mischiefamong men of pence, when he introducehimself with 'horns and hoofs.' The cloven foot,'when fully exposed, is, generally speaking, a sufficienttoken of Satanic presence to put moat peoplea little on their guard. It it when the Princeof Evil assumed the form of an 'Angel of Light,'that he succeeds chest in deceiving those whom hewould destroy. When the cloak of religion it puton to cover the ugly deformities of bald infidelity,we have most to fear. The ravings of such menat Voltaire, and Tom Paino. and Anner Kneeland,are heeded only at the bowling of an offensivewind. They make little or no imprecation, for thereason that Aube men are honest enough to tellthe world that they are infidels, and to the worldare advertised to look out for them and their teaching,and treat them accordingly. But when infidelsturn preachers, and professor to he Christian miniature,and pretend to preach the Gospel, it is thenthat they are in the way of doing infinite mischief.We have frequently called attention to the infidelsentiment Antioch Theodore Parker, of thit city,putt forth from time to time, under color of preachingthe Gospel, at a minister of Chriat. horns and hoofs. Angel of Light Christian It may be that aonio persona, who are not fullyaware of Whit man's sentiments, and the injurywhich they are doing in the world, are inclined tothe opinion, that he baa been over-severely dealtwith by those who ought to look upo him and hisdoctrines with the eye and heart of a large charity.The best argument! wherewith to convincetuch people of their error are the facts, as theycome forth, from time to time, in the wild declamationsof hit gifted but most misguided man. The last infidel sentiment which we have metwith, as coming from tbit preacher of death, is thefollowing shameless piece of blasphemy. In speaking of the Protestant churches, in hisAnti-Nebraska sermon, he says:—'The foremostsect of them all debated, little while ago, whetherit should have a litany, and on what terms itshould admit young men to the communion table—allow them to drink "grocer's wine" and eat " baker'sbread" on the Lord's "day" in the Lard's"house." ' allow them to drink "grocer's wine" and eat " baker'sbread" on the Lord's "day" in the Lard's"house. Did the blistered lips of the vilest infidel everdistill a more deliberate sentence of sar contemptof the most aolaian ordinance instituted bythe Lord Jesus Christ? A man who can attarauthor a sentence, and pretend to be a preacher ofthe gospel, may well claim the distinction of a degreeof godless boldness, which would put a wholeregiment of French infidels to the Math.—Boston{Episcopal) Christian Witness.  Boston{Episcopal) Christian Witness. ☞A beautiful specimen of 'Christian' courtesyand meekness ! This 'Witness,' which la so shocked atMr. Parker's reference to eating baker's bread,' (is itnot such?) and drinking grecer's wine.' (is it anything else?) in the montb-piece of a denominationwhich is in religious fellowship with men-stealers andslaveholders, and which arrays itself againat every effortfor the emancipation of those held in bandage. Itis the old trisk of straining at a gnat and swallowing acamel—of accusing Jesas at being a Sabbath-breakerand having a devil. Mr. Parker's guilt is no worsethan waa that of Isaiah, when be Inquired ef the sanctimonious,ceremonial, hollow-hearted Jews— 'To whatpurpose is the multitude of your sacrifice unto me?saith the Lord. Incense it an abomination unto me;the new moons and sabbath, the calling of assemblies,I cannot away with; it is iniquity, even the solemnmeeting.' And bad the editor of this false 'Witness'lived in the days of the prophet, he Would have reviledand anathematized him at strongly sat be hat Mr. Parker,and for a similar reason. 
