 Our ideas of the purity of character and honestyof motive of the clergy of oar country have beensadly weakened by the acts of many who wear thesloth, particularly in the Northern States. Thereare clergymen, not a few, who are forever findinggreat crises in our affurs as a nation, when they feelcalled upon to save the State. They then leavesouls to take care of themselves, and most impertinentlyattempt to steady the ark of the government,or to guide it in safety through storms and peril.These men, in the new character of clerical politicians,sow intestine dissensions, build the fires offanatical seal, arm brother against brother, pourthe seal of religious enthusiasm into the cauldron ofpolitical bitterness, and thus do more mischief thanall their example and precept for a lifetime in theirlegitimate sphere can possibly atone for. They teach that human laws may be openly resisted—nay, that it is the duty of Christiana to urgeopen warfare with the State, whenever its constitutedauthorities pasa a questionable law—not awarfare for repeal simply, but of direct resistance tothe execution of the law. Red republicanism nevervented more anarchical doctrines than they preach;anarchy never had more fiery apostles than thesemisnamed ministers of peace. Placing themselvesin the attitude of ambassadors of Heaven, they utterthe language of devils, and give counsel comingfresh from the midst of the bottomless pit. Tellthem the Bible does sot square with their atrociousadvice, and they are ready to forswear their allegianceto it, and to dethrone Deity himself, if heteach a humanity not in keeping with theirs, or inculcatesa charity which reproves their mad seal. Like vultures, they pounce upon the dead,strip themof their cerements of the tomb, and hold up theirdecaying carcasses to the contempt of the world.No deeds of patriotism, no purity of character, nolifetime of noble service in the cause of their countryand of humanity, no height of genius or nobilityof intellect, can save from denunciation the mostbitter, railing the most terrible, if in one solitary instancethe great and good has spoken or acted adverseto their ideas of right. The Nebraska bill hasproduced one of these clerical crises The pulpitthunders with denunciations that rook of the spiritof Pandemonium. Taste and elegance are discardedto find harsher epithets and ruder language thanthe political huntings would justify. As the ancient Saxon carried a horning brandfrom house to house to arouse the whole populationto anas, these men, themselves flaming firebrands,flash their hellish light from hearthstone to hearthstone,throughout the free States, to kindle civilstrife, to arm brother against brother, and producesuch a shook aa the world has not before fell. TheParkers, Beecher's and Stowea are up, and, likeminiature volcanoes, belch forth tire and smoke, asthough they were escape pipes of the infernal pit.The South n denounced as robbers, men of blood,unworthy of a place in God's creation. They mountthe political rostrum, the lecturer's stand, and thepulpit alike, and in each their theatre is the same,political agitation, resistance to the law in the nameof religion and of God. The round heads were stimulated by just suchmen, who thought murder in God's name and thatof the parliament perfectly justifiable, who scrupledat nothing, and had so prompting* of humanity orof charity. Glad are we that such pestilent stuff finds nocountenance in the South. Here purity, piety andlearning combine to honor the church and blessmankind. Here, master and slave go hand in handIn they altar, and march on together to immortality.Here, the teachings of the pulpit respect the Bible,on which our holy religion is based, and do not attemptto manufacture a God to suit political predilections,or depraved and fanatical real. We hesitate not to say that more danger isthreatened to this nation from the clergy who willattempt to meddle in polities, than Tram all othersourros. Lai it aa a maxim with all who have anAmerican heart, to resist all sub interference,whether it be open and undisguised as that of Northernpestilent priests, or secret, as is sometimes thecase in other quarters, dictating the vote as a matterof faith, or assailing, adroitly and under pleaof justice the established  of the land.  
