 Extract from a tumid, impudent, and servile speechin favor of the Nebraska Bill, delivered in the U.S.House of Representatives, March 15, by te Hen. (! !)Samuel A. Bridges of Pennsylvania:— And so with the Territories of Nebraska andKansas now in question, as I have been infirmedthe laws of nature have made them inaccessible toslavery. Then wherefore this opposition to thebill, and this quarrel with he South? Is it t accomplishany good or wise purpose? or is it to renewthe fire of fanatical abolitionism, to disturbthe peace of the country, ad endanger the Union?If the latter, it is only the fulfillment of the predictionmade by a distinguished Senator, in 1850, that'Let us legislate as we will abolitionists willstill agitate.' And so they will, until their dangerouspurpose have been accomplished. And, sir,let me here ask who it is that agitates, who it isthat inflames the public mind. It is abolitionpresses, and abolition lectures. The letter beingtoo indolent to procure a living by honest industry,traverse the country, sucking their existence fromthe people, and poisoning the public mind withtheir pernicious doctrines. And as long as thispractice exists, there will be excitement. The peopleare naturally honest and unsuspecting, buttheir fears are awakened and their judgments areperverted by such individuals. By listening tolecture after lecture, it is so wheaten into hemthat they believe the hydra-headed monster slaveryis before them. They think there is reality in allthe horrid pictures which are drawn before them;and consequently become deeply prejudiced againstthe South.' On the 17th of July, 1850, Mr.Webster, speaking of Northern prejudice, said:— 'Now, sir, this prejudice has been produced by the incessantattrition of abolition doctrines by abolitionpreses and abolition lectures, upon the common mind.No drum-head, in the longest day's march, was evermore incessantly beat, that the feelings of the publicin certain parts of the North. They have been beatenincessantly every month, ad every day and everyhour by the din ad roll, and rub-a-dub of the abolitionpresses, and abolition lecturers, and that is itwhich has created these prejudices.' And, sir, this rub-a-dub is beginning again t bebeaten in the North. I have been pained to seethat a public anti-Nebraska meeting was heldat the city of Hartford, in Connecticut, on the 24thultimo, which was addressed by several Reveredgentlemen: by men who preach from the sacreddesk free salvation to all men, yet in the politicalarena deny them freedom of action in the socialand domestic relations of life. The echo of that'roll and rub-daub' will undoubtedly be heard inother sections of the North, and the most inflammatoryappeals will be made tot he people, to arraythemselves against the South; but I have to muchconfidence in their intelligence ad patriotism tobelieve that it will prove successful. The legislationof 1850 has made a favorable impression uponthem. By it, they have seen the escape of theircountry from the greatest peril, and its noble in countryfrom the greatest peril, ad its noble institutionspreserved and continued to them. By it,they have see the cloud of civil war dispelled, andsucceeded by the bright sun of fraternal love andpeace. But, lest the whirlwind of fanaticismshould again sweep across the present generallysmooth ad placid hos of the public mind, callupon the people in the name of those martyrs whosacrificed their lives in the cause of freedom; inthe name of the rich legacy which they have leftus; in the name of the high destiny which awaitsour great and glorious country: in the name ofmorality and religion; ad by all the thrillingmemories of the past, and the transcendent hopesof the future, to beware of the false and dangerousteachings of wily abolitionists, men who artfullystrive to produce discord, division ad revolution,and to make them their servile tools to carry our theirselfish and disorganizing purposes. Men who aiman uplifted blow to strike down the pillars on whichrests the noblest fabrics ever reared by moral man;and who carry with them the torch to fire our beautifultemple of freedom. Of such men, I say, beware'Fly from them as from a pestilence, for theyare their enemies, ad the enemies of the nationLike serpents, they may for a time display their colors, and charm them with their goutybut it is only the easier to make them their victimsby drawing them more successfully withintheir coils, that they may subjugate and enslavethem to their destroying will.  
