 'Marriage is to woman a slate of slavery. It takesfrom her the right to have her own property, andmakes her submissive in all things to 'Mr husband.'—LUCY STNS. UCY TNS. I treat, Miss Stone, yon are willing to be forgivenfor saying that, because, if you are, I will toone to help forgive you. At matrimony it somethingyou know nothing about, having never wornits silken chains, we will not consider the questionas settled, until we have heard more about it. Marriagegives me the privilege to hot, and ho loved;to hare one heart all my men, whose duty, and age,whose delight it is to cherish, and tenderly carefor me in health, to watch around my pillow insickness, to beguile my otherwise wearisome hourswith tones of affection, and strew all life's pathswith flowers. It gives me the right to abide borein love's sanctuary, while he shall go forth to theGautier of the; day that demand his attention. Itgives me the right to make his home happy—to heready to meet him with a-glad smile when he shallretire from the triable and cares incident to a life ofbusiness. It gives me the right to be a co-workerwith him in the paths of lift which we are calledto fill at stewards of our Divine Matter. Tt givesme a right to make this place what God designed itto be, a home! To watch over him when sick,' tominister to all hit wants, and make him feel thathere he can find rest, which those who have not thatwing heart on which to repose can never appreciate!Marriage gives me the right to guide that infantmind that is at this moment looking up in myface, asking for light. It it mine to answer allthose questions, and give direction to that intellectwhich must still exist when words have passedaway. What object can I have on earth, moreworthy of my time and attention, than the care ofthe physical, intellectual and moral education ofthat immortal seal? I ask no higher, whether, extentgrace and ability to discharge these duties. all my men a home here Can you tell me that marriage is slavery? If itis, I thank God that I am a slave—that I haveworn in chains for years—that they are swill brightand glittering; and I would not exchange them forhe monarch's crown! And dailr as I how the knee before God, myheart rises in thankfulness to Him who institutedmarriage; that it has been handed down to asfrom the garden of Eden in all its original purity.and can we say this in regard, to any other law!)And if the ties that have so long bound us withits silkens wh were to be served this day, Ishould bless God for that pure and unhallowed happinesswe have ever enjoyed in the done relative ofhusband and wife.  Salem, Mass. ☞ This sentiment ed uttered by  Stone, in regard to the legal and control of the wife by the husband. If, lukilythe winter of it has found the chains of  inher own case to be silken, there are multiwho feel them to be iron, and who are as sternly doomed by law to Wplantations. What Miss S demands is, simply,that, in marriage, woman shall be legally the ag ofmen, so that her personal rights shall not be invaded,and she shall have the control of her own property.What can be more reasonable than this?         
