 At the Annual Meeting of the American Abolition Society,in New York City, May 13, 1858 At the Annual Meeting of the American Abolition Society,in New York City, May Mr. President: We are driven this day to God.Apart from His Word, and His grace to make HisWord effectual, and to keep it even in the hearts ofHis children from perversion, there is no hope in theheart of any political party, nor any Christian party,for the poor slave. We have seen that men ofpiety, age, gray hairs, experience, eloquence, canplead the very authority of the Word of God forconcealing and denying that Word; can call uponChrist to bear witness that their first Christian dutyis to take down His light from the candlestickand to put it under a bushel; can deliberately inthe name of God so pervert the salt of Christiantruth as to make it nothing but an additional corruptingelement on the dunghill of the world's corruptions.We have seen an eloquent Bishop withsilver locks pleading for silence on the sin of slavery,and justifying the Executive Committee of the TractSociety, as possessing an indestructible negativeagainst the instructions of their constituents, andin opposition to the will and Word of God, by virtueof being the managers of a great circumlocutionoffice, the perfection of whose sagacity and strengthis in the art, How not to do it. We cannot but rememberthe answer of God: 'To him that knowethto do good, and doeth it not, to him it is sin;' andthe judgment of the Lord Jesus: 'Inasmuch as yedid it not to one of the least of these my brethren,ye did it not to me.' How not to do it. We have also seen venerable and Christian mennot shrinking to denounce the declaration thatAmerican slavery is a sin, as ultra and inexpedient,and exposing the cause of righteousnessto defeat and ruin. Paul rejoiced, in his day,that he had not shunned to declare the whole counselof God. The professed followers of Paul in ourday do not shun to rebuke such declaration as fanaticaland rash. Before such developments, were itnot that our trust is in God and not man, we shouldhave no more any strength, or life, or courage leftin us. There is no hope, apart from God's Word,and from the full and faithful application of it.There is wanting the element of conscientious, stubborn,heartfelt, eternal hostility against slavery assin, as reprobated and forbidden of God in the samecatalogue with lying, perjury, murder, whoremongering,piracy, man-stealing, and guilt, that, by thelaw not of God only but man, is worthy of death.Where shall such an element be found? How shallit be created, quickened, trained? Not in the schoolof political self-seeking and expediency; not underobedience to fugitive slave laws; not under proclamationsand assertions of allegiance to Dred Scottdecisions; not in the school of unrighteous and oppressivestatutes; not under the law of silence onthe Word of God—silence in the pulpit—silence inthe Tract House; hut under the law of fire andthunder in the manifestation of the truth to everyman's conscience in the sight of God—by revealingthe wrath of God from heaven against all unrighteousnessand ungodliness of men, and against thisstupendous iniquity as foremost and most germinatingin enormity arid malignity, most sweeping andaccumulating in the habits and materials of sin andmisery, the elements and securities of national ruin.Our only hope is in the revived, living, faithful religionof a free, out-spoken, consistent church, anda fearless, unmuzzled, faithful ministry. Our onlyhope is in a conscience fastened to the Word of God,and a heart flaming with its sacred fire; a popularchurch and ministry, holding forth the word or life,and giving themselves up to its supremacy, in suchan unrestricted abandonment of all things to itssovereignty (not the popular sovereignty, but God'ssovereignty), that it may have free course and beglorified. ultra The intensity of the plague with as, the exasperationand strength of the iniquity and the evil, arein the provisions for its perpetuity and the insurancesof its increase. Not content with enduring it ourselves,for one generation, we have by law entailedit upon others; and the generations to come, asGod distributes the consequences, must inevitablyrise up and call each preceding generation accursed,If this sin had a possible death, Like that of intemperancein the grave of the present drunkard,and were not propagated by a legal fatalism forbiddingit to die out, or to be renounced, or the willto he broken—a legal fatalism and missionary sealunited, providing future victims for it in the fastestratio of increase in human population—then wouldthe evil be comparatively trifling, and the sin wouldspeedily come to an end. But there is no such limit,no such natural consumption or wearing out, nosuch release by death; the evil and the sin arecarefully secured against death, and injected, as theheart's blood, into the veins of the next generation,and any attempt to stop the process throws thewhole system into convulsions. We practice the iniquity upon children, innocentchildren, the natives of our own land, unbought,unsold, unpaid for, without consultation consent offather or mother, or the shadow of a permissionfrom the Almighty; and they, the new-born babesof this system, are the compound interest year byyear added to the sin and its capital, which thusdoubtless upon as in the next generation, and musttreble in another. We make use of the most sacreddomestic affections, of matonal, filial, and, I wasgoing to say, connubial love—but the system forbids,and I have to say contubernal— for such rapid andaccumulating production of the iniquity, as shall bein some measure adequate to the demand. Thewhole family relation, the whole domestic state, isprostituted, poisoned, turned into a misery-makingmachine for the agent of all evil. What God meantshould be the source and inspiration of happiness,becomes the fountain of sin and wo. The sacrednames of husband, wife, father, mother, son, daughter,babe, become the exponents of various forcesand values in the slave-hreediag institute. And thewhole perfection, completeness, and concentrationof this creative power in this manufacturing interest,deconds like a trip-hammer on the children,beating them from the birth into marketale articles,and stamping and sealing them as chattels,foredoomed and fatalized to run till they wear outas living spindles, wheels, activities of labor andproductiveness, in the same horrible system. contubernal And each generation of immortal marketable stuffis as exactly fashioned in these grooves, molds, channels,wefted, netted, and drawn through, to comeout the invariable product, as the yards of carpetingare cat from the loom to be trodden on, oras the coins drop from the die for the circulation ofsociety. This is the peculiarity of the sin of slaveryin the foremost Christian country on the faceof the earth. In this branch of native industryand manufacture we are self-reliant. Disavowing aprotective policy in almost everything else, we areproudly patriotic for the security, superiority andabundance of this most sacred native product of domesticmanufacture, and for neither the raw materialnor the bleaching of it will depend on any othercountry in the world. This is the manner, these are the principles, onwhich we obey the precepts and fulfill the glories ofthe 72d Psalm. Instead of obeying God in deliveringthe children of the needy from deceit and violence,we foredoom them to all the oppression enduredby their fathers; instead of judging the poorwith righteousness and the children of the oppressedwith equity, we deliberately and solemnly give themover to oppression, as incapable of brotherhood andcitizenship, and having no rights that white menare bound to respect. Instead of removing everyyoke, we predestinate them for the yoke, and perpetuatethe yoke for them, as a fixture prepared fromthe birth—the controlling, governing, supreme domesticlaw—the guiding institution and policy ofthe house, the State, the nation. them By thus laying our grasp on an unborn race; bysaying before-hand to immortal beings, the work ofthe Creator, you cannot come into God's world butas infant slaves, articles of property and merchandise,but with a curse of our national justice andequity branding you for the slave-pen, and separatingyou from the manhood of all mankind; by this robberyfrom God and roan we become a nation of men stealers—a community of baptized Thugs for thekidnapping of the children of four millions of people,and the assassination of their personality. If this were done now, for the first time, to a nationby themselves; if we made a descent upon Africa,China, India, or elsewhere, and carried off in-tohopeless slavery the children of four millions, theuniverse would utter a roar of terror and indignationat such a crime. But organize it into a system—make this robbery and moral assassination a fixtureof law and policy from generation to generation,and set up its support as the watchword of apowerful political party, the test of faithfulnessand patriotism, and the security of an unlimitedcommand of the whole patronage of the UnitedStates Government, and forthwith the sanction andsustaining of it become the shining virtue of compromiseand expediency, and he is the dangerousman and the madman in the community who undertakesto disturb this arrangement, or to agitate theconscience in regard to it. Forthwith, it is nolonger the sin which is regarded with astonishmentand horror, but the denunciation of it as sin! Itis no longer the perpetrators of such a crime, andits supporters, who are to be the objects of reproachand condemnation, but those who cause the truth tobear against the crime—those who call it by thename with which God has branded it, and visit itwith the reprobation that God has laid upon it. And especially the political world and the Phariseesof political churches stand in horror of the verybad spirit, the unchristian spirit, of those who denouncethis wickedness with the direct applicationof the Word of God. It in a subject which mustbe excluded from the pulpit, because it in a sin enthronedin state, a political sin, to be treated onlyby political quacks, with political drenches, platforms,cataplasms and compromises, which the onlyduty of the Church and the ministry is quietly toindorse and sanction, for the sake of peace. The system of Slavery is now at length asserted tobe the chosen missionary institute of the Lord Almighty.And, admitting it to be such, we are certainlyforemost of all the nations in carrying forwardthe great missionary work. If the appointedwork to lie done for the children of the needy is thatof branding and training them as chattels and brutebeasts for the market, we have no rivals in thishonor. This is, in fact, the greatest, vastest, mostpersevering missionary wok that we perform. Ourinstrumentality in binding down in hopeless bondagethe children of four millions of immortal beings,guilty of a skin not colored like our own, is ourlargest instrumentality, thus far, in the glories ofthe millennium. By our laws providing that the slave and its in-creaseshall be deemed and doomed our personalchattels forever, we constitute for them a millenniumof sin and misery. We convert them into a community,in which it is impossible that the fundamentallaws of Christianity should be recognisedand obeyed, or the most commonly acknowledgedand most sacred institutions of the Christian statebe regarded. The laws of God fur husbands, wives,fathers, mothers, sons, daughters, children, cannotbe applied, cannot be obeyed, in such a community.'Husbands, love your wives,' is a divine injunction.But for those most miserable outcasts of humanity,the American slaves, there can be do such law, butan admonition against it. God's claims, so express-ed,interfere with, man's property in man. Husbands,beware of imagining that you have any rights,any authority, in regard to the chattels too are permittedto live with; beware of ever so loving themas to he unwilling to sacrifice them at a moment'swarning to the avarice, the need or the passions ofyour owners. Ye are not permitted to love, butonly in subjection to the price of the market, thenecessities of your master, and the grand rule ofyour domestic institution, the slave and its increase. Wives, be obedient to your husbands. What?Obedience from a chattel to a chattel? Wives yeare none, and this divine law belongs not to you, butfor the profit of your masters. Tour obedience andyour increase belong to them, and to none else. Children, obey your parents. But slaves have nochildren, and their children have no parents, exceptonly as the bales of cotton have a parent in the ginand the factory, where they were shaped and bondedfor the market. These commands and preceptsare all and only for the masters, not the slaves.Slaves have no ties, no affections, no duties, no obligations,no belongings, but for their owners, whoseproperty they are, and for whom and at their biddingevery faculty, capacity, emotion, moat be devoted,occupied, tasted, improved, sold at the highestpremium to the highest bidder whenever, howeverand wherever the owner's interest requires it. And it is not isolated beings that we devote thus,for a mere lifetime, to such degradation and cruelty,but we create a perpetual, unfailing, and self-renewingspring of this wickedness. It is not a transitoryshower of blistering drops that we cause topass over the land, bat an Artesian well that wesink of domestic shame and misery for future generations.In the Word of God it is said, referringto the glory and blessedness of the establishment ofrighteousness and freedom as the fundamental fixturesof society, 'If thou take away from the midstof this the yoke, thou shall raise up the foundationsof many generations.'  But we, foredoomingunborn children to the yoke, and preparing it for them, are securing a succession of curses andcrimes, crimes and curses as the heritage of thesocial state.  We have no more right to enact bylaw that the offspring of slaves shall be slaves, thanwe have to make a law that the offspring of thefree whites shall be slaves. If such a law werepassed in the State of New York, a law that thechildren of those engaged in manual labor shouldfrom the birth be taken and held as chattels to bebought and sold as the property of those capitalistsfor whom their parents have been laboring, couldsuch a law sanction such a crime? Could it makeit any other thing than man-stealing? Could it bepleaded that it is not man-stealing, because it ischildren-stealing? What is it when these childrengrow up? offspring thefree whites And if they have children, does the fact thattheir parents were stolen before them give the stealersof the parents any claim upon the next generation?Does the fact that their parents were stolenbefore them, take away their rights as human beings,and turn the stealing of them into a naturaland just claim of property? Nothing can transmitthe right of theft; no law can sanction it;even if we had a right to steal the parents fromthemselves, this could give no right to steal thechildren from the parents and from God. This isthe deep damnation of our guilt. The offence criesup to heaven. By stealing children from the birth,we are A NATION OF MEN-STEALERS, and we renew,perpetuate and increase the guilt from generationto generation. We perpetuate the sin and thecruelty upon five times the number that our ancestorsdid, and insure its being perpetrated by fivetimes more, and then thank God for the success ofthis providential missionary institution. their The guilt is increasing, but all the while the consciencein regard to it is diminishing and beingseared. The sin, by being enlarged in surface andin quantity, seems lessened in intensity. We aremore guilty than our fathers in the practice of it,and yet we contrive to make ourselves imagine thatwe are less guilty and more ins than they. Theiniquity is a moral cancer that is eating at thevitals of our piety, while the only treatment wetolerate is increased doses of chloroform, till thewhole system is stupefied under its influence. Whena new outrage is committed, we just send to theapothecaries for more laudanum, or swallow, throughour representatives, a Lecompton drench and sweat,or suffer Congress to administer an English swindle.Never was a sick and groaning victim morecompletely at the mercy of unprincipled quacks.Every six months some new experiment of fraud,despotism, bribery, unprincipled and ignorant politicalsurgery, and we are hauled and tossed about,and out and skinned, as if we were a dead body inthe dissecting-room, and Congress nothing but aclass of raw, headstrong, roaring medical students,with their knives in their hands and Dunglison'sAnatomy in their pockets. The body does notwince, does not kick, does not even protest; and sothey keep cutting and carving, no outrage as yetattempted being so monstrous as to have gone beyondthe people's tame endurance. Our iniquitous and cruel career against the Africanrace came to its climax in the Dred Scott decision;for when iniquity takes the place of nationallaw, and is enthroned in the tribunal ofjustice, it cannot well go higher; and now thatdecision, unresisted, uncorrected, is producing itsfruits. It is like the star wormwood cast upon allfountains of waters, and men drink and die. Ourpublic officials of justice and of policy, from thehighest to the lowest, every time they are about toenact a new violence against the oppressed, onlyhave to refer to the Dred Scott decision, and thebasest, meanest, most detestable acts of fraud andcruelty, are converted into righteousness. From the Secretary of State down through filesof marshals, judges, bailiffs, lawyers, to the conductorof the street rail-car, the word passes, andthe policy is established, and it is officially announced,and the judicial dictum is reverberatedand applauded and applied, that black men haveno rights that white men are bound to respect.This dictum is fast being welded into chains, intopolitical precedents scaled and made sure, and snareafter snare in the iron net is woven on by lies, byperversions of Constitution and of history, bynew measures of usurpation unresisted, by presumptuous,unauthorized interpretation of law, tillthe very breath of the black man is almost beatenout of his body, and he is refused the privilege ofexpanding his lungs in a Republican atmosphere.Our judges, Cabinet ministers, attorneys-generaland local, and Secretaries of State, are hunting upexamples of old injustice, for precedents of new villany.They thus set immorality and cruelty in thefountains of justice, infecting all its elements withdeath, just as vile assassins poison the wells of theirneighbors by throwing dead dogs into them, or thecarcasses of cats and skunks. As God declared in a case fearfully similar, theyhave turned judgment into gall and wormwood,and the fruit of righteousness into hemlock.  Theyhunt every man his brother with a net. That theymay do evil with both hands earnestly, the princeasketh, and the judge asketh for a reward; andthe great man, he uttereth his mischievous desire,and so they wrap it up. The best of them is as abrier; the most upright is sharper than a thornhedge; they trust in vanity and speak lies; theyconceive mischief and bring forth iniquity; theybatch cockatrice's eggs and weave the spider's web;he that eateth of their eggs dieth, and that whichis crushed breaketh out into a viper. There is nojudgment in their goings; they have made themcrooked paths, speaking oppression, conceiving anduttering from the heart words of falsehood, so thatjudgment is turned away backward, and justicestandeth afar off. They are never so happy aswhen they conceive absolute mischief, the dregs ofprofound social ignorance, prejudice and depravity,framing mischief by a law which thenceforwardthey impose as the supreme political and moralstate god. They set up the sin of Slavery as law,enforce it by the Constitution under judicial opinions,to which they swear allegiance, and if theycannot discover precedents they make them. The Secretary of State dares publicly to affirmthat no black man ever received a passport, andcannot as a citizen, receive one, and shall not.The Dred Scott decision has prepared this lid forthe black man's living sepulcher, and SecretaryCass acts the undertaker for the body, and screwsdown the coffin with as incontrovertible falsehood.Then the Secretary of the Treasury declares that afree negro cannot receive a register for his own vesselnor be master of his own vessel, nor, as such,have any title to his own property by United Statesmarine papers—for by the Dred Scott decision he isno citizen, and can be none, and to be the rightfulowner and master of his own maritime property, a man must be a citizen.  As he has none of the rights of a citizen, any seafaring man may ownhim, but he cannot himself be the owner of so muchas a plank or a nail in his own vessel. Then comes,on the heels of this outrage, the United StatesLand Commissioner, and from the General LandOffice, with the same despotic authority under thesame infernal act, declares that persons of colorhave no right of purchase and ownership in the public lands, that priviledge also being restricted bypositive law to citizens of the United States, orthose that intend to become such—and by the DredScott decision a man with a colored skin neither is,nor can become, nor can without treason intend tobecome a citizen. So, by this decision, and thesemagisterial interpretations and enforcements of it,the human being with a skin not colored like our ownis alienated and expelled from land and sea—is anexile everywhere, and even on the great highway ofnations no better than a log, or a snag, or a shredof drifting sea-weed, over which the keel of aChristian civilization plunges, with all on boardgrinning approbation of the cruelty. And certainly,if God's word be not thundered againstsuch crimes, the Church and the ministry do, bytheir silence, set the seal of a Christian approbationto all this. Our revivals of religion becomeaccessory to it, if a fawning, cringing, whiningpiety, trembling in the fear of man, refuses to heartestimony against such wickedness. And thus, more and more, the common heartand conscience are hardened against all removes andrepentance in such villany, and each new Administrationof the Slave Power becomes the executor ofsome new and more atrocious scheme of fraud andtyranny, left in trust as a legacy by its predecessor.And men that have kept silent up to the presentcrisis have had their capacity of dumbness, theirgrace of silence, thoroughly tried; they are indeeddumb dogs, that no provocation is likely to set tobarking. If they have not yet spoken, they willforever hold their peace. What form of this wickednesscan be transacted worse than the shapes inwhich it has already been enthroned and legalized?Would the open revival of the slave trade be anygreater atrocity than the decision that a humanbeing with a colored skin, though born in thiscountry, and free born, and under this Government,cannot be a citizen of the United States,and has no rights that white men are bound torespect? When this iniquity was, by this declaration anddecision, publicly inaugurated in the supreme tribunalof national justice: when in defiance ofGod's appointment and consecration of the judgmentseat for himself, this most astounding crueltyand robbery were proclaimed as the rule of nationaljustice, by which men were let loose for all mannerof villany against a whole race of human beings,we imagined that the pulpit would have spokenenormity in a Christian nation so atrocious, so unrivaled.The Sabbath after that prodigious judicialcrime, it seemed as if the very Bibles wouldhave burst open of their own accord, and that inliving fire the lightning of God's Word would almosthave burned its sentence on the walls, andhissed along the congregations. We thought thateven men whose lips had been sealed up to thattime would have broken that silence forever, anddirected the thunders of divine truth against suchfearful public enshrinement and enforcement of undissembled,undisputed inhumanity and falsehood.Instead of that, there was a tame and almost unquestioningacquiescence: and the men that didspeak out were themselves denounced as mad accusersand revilers of God's appointed dignities. Insteadof denouncing the sin, men, ministers andeditors, denounced the denunciation of it as thegreatest sin. It had come to pass literally, as inthe 59th chapter of Isaiah, that judgment wasturned away backward, and justice stood after off,for truth was fallen in the street, and equity couldnot enter. Yea, truth faileth, and he that departethfrom evil maketh himself a prey; and theLord saw it; and it displeased Him that there wasno judgment. If ever the Church and the ministry were goingto speak out, it should have been then; and if notthen, I do not know that any revival of religion, onthe same principles, of the same type, will produceutterance. But the calamity to a nation, whenthe Church and ministry are thus unfaithful totheir trust, is not to be computed; nor, on theother hand, is the blessing to a nation possible tobe measured, when it has a Church and ministrythat it cannot corrupt nor silence. The Church isGod's own enshrinement among a people of theliving sense of right and wrong, the perception ofGod's claims, and the sensibility to them; and wherethat sensibility is vivid among the people, there isalways the knowledge of their own rights and thespirit, to defend them. But where that sensibilityto sin, and to God's clime, dies out, where theChurch does not apply God's Word against sin,there both the conscience toward God and the spiritof liberty are debauched and wasted, and the nationripens for destruction. Even the most fatal oppression,the most vital injuries are not felt, or aresubmitted to with servile endurance. Can we go any lower, any deeper, than the DredScott decision and its consequences? The diseasehaving, like a run of typhus fever, reached its loweststage, will there be a reaction of nature towardhealth? Is there strength enough? At this point,does conscience act under the Word of God? Atthis point, is the Word of God being applied? TheDivine Spirit is present, as a power of individualsalvation, but still, under habitual indifference, theremay be a palsy of the conscience in regard to thissin. An individual was not recently by a friend,who asked him how it was with him, and he said hehad been busy all winter in the revival, and was ata morning prayer meeting every morning at 6 o'clock.In the course of the conversation, he wasasked how he felt in regard to the iniquity going onin Congress. Oh, said he, I don't trouble myselfabout that at all, and as long as I and my familyget enough to eat and to drink, Congress may dowhat they choose; I have no concern about it.Now, of what possible avail can be whole churchesof such Christians, or what effect can tune of suchpiety have upon the morals of the community, orhow will revivals of religion reach the sins of thenation if piety is content with eating and drinking,and attendance at 6 o'clock morning prayers, whilethe nation marches steadily to wrath and ruin? If the Church at large are under such infatuation,then indeed the nation is ready to perish; forthe Church is the salt of the earth, the conscienceof the nation, and if that salt have lost its savor,wherewith shall it be salted? If the conscience ofthe Church is corrupted and darkened, the nationhas no means of knowing its own evils, and may befar advanced towards irremediable destruction. Theconscience of the Church is the only conscience thatpretends to be guided by the Word of God, and bythat Word a living conscience in the Church andministry must be the nation's watchman. One of the darkest and most distressing symptomsin the progress of this iniquity is the insensibility ofthe popular conscience under outrages that we oncesupposed, if any approximation to them were pertetated,were even attempted, would set the nationin a blaze.  Even Mr. Webster used to talk of thedanger of experiments upon the conscience of thecountry; but we find no hazard attending themOutrage upon outrage is quietly endured, until thepeople become accustomed to be trampled on, andconscience utters no remonstrance.  A fearful paralyzingpower, a spell of stupefaction, an insensibilityunto death, is on the nation: and the Church andthe ministry that ought to act as the nation's conscience,are drugged and possessed with the devil of silence; so that the people are not arrested, notalarmed, not made sensible of what Satan's work isbeing accomplished upon them. This is a fearfultreason against God and His Word, a terrible betrayalof principle. It is as if the nerves of sensation in our system refusedto warn us of injury by the sense of pain, sothat, as under the power of chloroform, our bodiesmight be hacked and maimed, and we not aware ofit; as in a drunken stupor a man might be fatallyburned and not know it until too late. So, if theChurch and the ministry, being God's sentinels tothe nation, are bribed or drugged into silence, thenation, by such treachery, will be fatally ruined areit is aware, and will utterly perish in its own corruption.Yet still we talk of the world's conversionand here in these anniversaries we drive all themultiform machinery of the Societies we have set inmotion, while every day our very power to managethem and to keep them from the villany of our ownexample grows less, and we go boasting of ourhealth and strength and prosperity, with this terrificdisease, under which we may be staggering as adrunken man upon the very last verge of God's endurance. The indulgence, maintenance, protection and defenceof this sin, is the one great obstacle againstthe missionary influence and work. It cripples us,it manacles our energies, it palsies our efforts. Weare in the condition of a man whose whole left sideis paralyzed, so that all the strength and life of theright side are occupied and tasked with keeping thepalsied half of the body from falling. We are likea man indulging in the use of ardent spirits to adegree just bordering continually on intoxication, sothat all the soberness left is but just sufficient tokeep him out the gutter. We are unfit for God'swork of overcoming the idolatry of the nations,while we are in slavish subjection to the worship ofthis Moloch at home. And this is the upshot of allour splendid training, all our vast gifts from God,all our preparations by truth, providence, and grace,for the world's deliverance from sin and Satan! Isit such an agency, or the instrumentality of such apeople, that can be relied upon for the world's conversion?Eighteen hundred years Christ crucifiedhas been known and preached on earth, as a righteousJudge and Savior for the poor and needy, theoppressed, and the children of the needy, and yet,in these last days, and in the nation now vamted asthe foremost Christian nation upon the face of theglobe, the iniquity of slavery itself has been revivedand maintained as the missionary agency and institutionof the Gospel! And all this comes fromhiding instead of revealing that divine life which isthe light of the world, which the disclosure anddestruction of sin, but being withheld leaves theworld in darkness, and the church to be the nursingmother of the world's abominations. As in the absenceof the solar light there is nothing but a cellervegetation, and the nourishing and running wildand free of monsters that shun the light and lovethe darkness, so in the absence or concealment ofGod's Word, a sickly, pallid, bloodless sentimentalismof compromise and expediency takes the place ofvigorous, virtuous life, and gigantic forms of iniquitybroad and thrive. The tremendous despotismof slavery is the result of the policy of silence inthe pulpit, silence of the ministry, the delaying andwithholding of the Word of God. Where can such things end, if continued? Andif the conscience of the people is not reached androused, what hope is there that the wickedness ofthe Government will ever be arrested? They willgo just as far as the people will let them—for theirconscience is always lower and more insensible thanthat of the people, but never higher. The conscienceof the people is the last defence of Liberty—the lastelement of righteous power. If the conscience ofthe people can be set right, then there is hope inGod. If they disavow and throw off this iniquity,God will not lay it to their charge; but if they donot resist it, God will certainly visit it upon them;he will let them be destroyed by it. They havesown the wind—they shall reap the whirlwind. Here, then, are demonstrated the responsibilityand duty of the church and the ministry, as God'sappointed instrumentally for training and awakeningthe conscience of the people. How can nationalsine be reached in any other way? And how inthis way, except only by the Word of God, whichis the sole instrument in the hands of the Spirit ofGod to convince the world of sin? And how is theWord of God to be applied, except by the ministry,sustained by the church for this purpose, and on theSabbath, when God gathers the people beneath itshearing and its power! The whole salvation of ourcountry—the whole possibility of redemption fromthe sin of slavery—rests on this question: Will thechurch and the ministry be faithful? Will theministry be faithful to God? Will the church upholdand protect the ministry in such faithfulness?The ministry must speak out, and speak with a will,with a purpose, with a preservance and continuedpressure on the conscience. The ministry must speak to move the country—not morely to relieve their own consciences, toclear their own skirts by a quiet declaration ofopinion, or to enter a protest and then retire. Theministry can move the country, but not by resolutionsin Associations or General Assemblies, whilethe pulpit is as silent as the grave. There is nocourage whatever, and there may be very littlefaithfulness, in framing resolutions which may bebut an anodyne to the conscience—a dispensationfrom ever preaching on the subject. There are nogeneral resolutions in the New Testament to standin the place of pulpit faithfulness in the applicationof God's Word; but the rule was always, andeverywhere, to renounce the hidden things of dishonesty,not walking in craftiness not handing theWord of God deceitfully, but by manifestation ofthe truth commending ourselves to every man'sconscience in the sigh of God. And again, Wewere bold in our God to speak unto you the Gospelof God with much contention, and as we wereallowed of God to be put in trust with the Gospel,so we speak, not as pleasing men, but God, whichtrieth our hearts. Now, the Word of for aggression and conquest,and not a compromise with sin. The Wordof God is a park of artillery—a swift rushing mountainof thunderings and lightnings against sin, toovercome it and get it out of the world, and not amere protest to save your own credit. The Wordof God is to be thundered forth by the ministry forthe discomfiture of this great villany and impiety inthe judgement seat, and in the legislature, and in thesin of man-stealing; and this can be done in relianceupon God, and at his command, that the nationmay be brought to repentance, may cry outlike any other sinners, Men and brethren, what shallwe do? and may be redeemed from this mighty iniquity.It is manifest that this requires an attentionto it on the part of the Church and the ministry,and a space for it in the Sabbath, and a proclamationof God's truth in regard to it, such as neverhas been given—never has been made. This workis yet to be done, and the power and glory of theOld Testament, the intense fires of God's lore of Jostles,and bit wrath against injustices and oppression,the forked and chain lightning's of the prophets, andthe thunderbolts of Hebrew history, are yet to beshot upon this nation's sins. Who dare do it buta ministry commissioned of God, and ,illuminatedand insured by his Spirit? Who can do it butthey only? Whose appropriate business is it to dothis but theirs, and what is the duty of the Churchbut to support and protect them in doing this?And when and how can they do this, except on theSabbath—their day, God's day for instructing, reproving,and calling the world to repentance?  can It is not a mincing, delicate, light notice of thisiniquity that God requires, or the broad, hardened,brazen, unblushing abominations of the Governmentand the people demand, but a reiterated, reverberating,loud thundering of God's truth. It is veryeasy to say a soft, apologizing word now and then inregard to it, and excite no anger, no disturbance,and do no good, rouse no man's conscience; andnot a few, in what they do say or intimate on sucha subject, seem to be begging pardon of the congregationfor such a painful allusion, instead of utteringGod's voice fearlessly, grandly, and declaring,Thou art the man! In this matter, Christ's dividing line is true: Hethat is not for me is against me. If men will not nowspeak out and act out against slavery, their voiceand influence are in favor of it. If the ministers ofthe Gospel, instead of the policy of silence, badpoured out their vials, as God's commissioned angels,and let the thundering, lightning's and earthquakesshake the heavens and the earth, this iniquitywould long since have been arrested. It is onlyunder the repression and forced silence of the Wordof God that it has been able to advance with suchgiant strides, till it has taken possession of the Senatorial,Representative, Executive and Judicialbranches of our Government. Now, Satan will never cast out Satan, and thisiniquity is to be stayed and turned back only by theWord of God, and by the Church and ministry beingfaithful to that Word. 'If they had stood in mycounsel,' says Jehovah, 'and had caused my peopleto hear my words, then they should have turnedthem from their evil way, and from the evil of theirdoings.' Just so now. But this great and mightyresult of repentance for sin is not to be got at bysilence in regard to the sin; and they who keep silencein a time of temptation and trial do, in fact,defend and daub the sin with untempered mortar.They may say that they are good Anti-Slavery men,as much opposed to this iniquity as any one; buttheir silence gives consent, and carries them overinto the ranks of the enemy. Their pretensions ofAnti-Slavery principle are indeed excellent, if theprinciple itself could be got at for use. They sayit is in them in esse, as the diamond is in carbon;and so indeed every lump of charcoal, if it couldspeak, might say, 'I am a diamond—do not treatme as if I were merely a piece of charred wood. Inpotential essence, the diamond is in my nature.' esse Ah, yes, my good friend, and if you would onlytell me now I may bring it out, and keep it in theform of a diamond—how I may catch the essence,and make it stay put—you will make my fortune.But, alas! the world will never see anything in youbut charcoal! Your diamond nature does not speakout; your charcoal does. Just so, there are many in the ministry who willbe much offended if you tell them they are not opposedto slavery—therefore, in effect, defend it.They will affirm that, in potential essence, the abhorrenceof slavery is in them, though they do notgo to the extreme of ever sneaking against it. Aye, and the very difficulty is, that it never makesitself known except by a most potential silence. Itis as silent and invisible as the diamond is in thecharcoal, or the light in a mass of solid anthracite.On this principle, there is not a dark subterraneancoal mine, or bed, or pit, in existence, but what isa region of brilliant, glorious light; but, unfortunately,it needs a great many manipulations ofscience, a great many torturing processes of art,and operations of fire and water, to extract the materialof light, and put it in shining order. And just so with not a few, who should be lightsin the ministry, but are rather like invisible, unsmeltednative ores. If they might be subjected tothe necessary routings and smelting and purifications,and the Word of God extracted from them invisible, glorious form and shape, confronting andexposing the gross and damning features of this sin,then indeed it would be a powerful and conqueringtestimony. But what is principle good for, if notto come forth in action in the time of trial, if notto withstand temptation, to rebuke iniquity, andprotect the weak and down-trodden from the wickedand the strong? What is the worth of silent, inactive,concealed principle, whole acres of it, whatbetter than treachery, or salt that has lost its savor,and is not fit even for a dunghill? What is theworth of a million candles, each hidden under itsown bushel? What is the light of the ChristianChurch and the Christian ministry given for, but tobe the light of the world? If it is hidden from theworld out of fear, out of a selfish expediency, it isdarkness; and how great is that darkness! It makes us think of the recent discovery thatevery cubic mile of ocean contains more than twopounds weight of solid silver. How potential! Itmakes the mouth of a miser water; but he is forcedto think, If I could only get at it! Oh, thou mineof incalculable wealth! Two million tons of solidsilver in the Atlantic! Ye potential, silvery waves,if I could but evoke, by some concentrated, irresistiblechemistry, your bidden riches! Ay, but there's the rub. 'Tis of no more use toyou than the commonest puddle of sea-water; wholeleagues of it, nay, the all-surrounding ocean, atyour command, of no more value than the smallestsecluded nook before your own cottage on the EastRiver. And just so, a whole cubic mile of suchAnti-Slavery ministers with sealed lips, or as manyas could stand together in the dry bottom of theocean, would be of no use whatever with their principlesof liberty that never speak out—their uprighthearts, but silent tongues and pulpits. They areupright as the palm-tree, but they speak not; andbecause of their own policy of silence, they hatehim that rebuketh in the gate; they are not valiantfor the truth upon the earth, and, in consequence oftheir silence and conservative influence, the few thatdo speak out seem extravagant and eccentric, andare marked as madmen or fanatics; they become objectsof derision, as noticeable as poor Christian andFaithful were in passing through vanity Fair—simple,innocent creatures who said, We buy the truth,Truth! Go to the Tract House! But truth is not only unpopular and inexpedienton such a subject as the sin of Slavery, hut exceedinglydangerous. It is not proper to be broughtinto the pulpit, nor mentioned on the Sabbath—that sacred day of rest, when every irritating anddisturbing theme should be kept far aloof from theSanctuary and from our hearts, for we come to theChurch to be comforted, and political preaching isan outrage on our feelings, and a desecration of theday of God; and preaching on the sin of Slavery ispolitical preaching, and if you preach such preaching,It offends the pew-owners, and drives away thepeople from the Church, and prevents them frosthiring pews, and diminishes our revenues, so that,if you preach such preaching, the best interests ofthe Church and society require that we should unsettleyou. Well done, Simon Magus! There you stand;unveil your face, step forth into the light; onlyavow that you buy your minister, and use him, orlay him on the shelf, just as you would a ease ofumbrellas or a hale of silk, that you settle him forpew revenues, and that your, pulpit is up at auctionto the highest bidder for the man who will insureyon the greatest sum total of pew rentals, and yourpower is at an end. The statement of such thingsenough to make them a by-word and a hissing.You never can get the people to admit that the finalend of God's Word is just simply to keep the financesof a society above water, or as a locomotive to dragthem up-hill. God's Word is given for edifyingand saving souls, and not merely building templesand paying for them. And the ministers of God'sWord, if called to preach in Nineveh and fleeing toTarshish, will not much longer find the churches tobe mere packet ships in which they can snugly sleepoat the storm, and pay their passage by concealingtheir mission. Concealment k not the law of God's Word, batMANIFESTATION, and in times of danger and of treachery,you are compelled to vary the ordinary law ofGod's Word, as rains and gentle showers, and tosome down in a perfect cataract, as if all the windowsof heaven were opened, and the fountains ofthe great deep broken up. We may lean somethinghere from oar colored brethren. During the war ofoar Revolution, it is said that at a particular importantpoint of his lines, Washington found his sentinels,night after night, picked of by a party thatcould not be detected. At length he committed thecare of that point a sagacious, trusty negro, onservice fat the army; a negro citizen (let SecretaryCass mark it) was particularly trusted by Washington.He told him the nature of the danger, andbade him hare all hit wits about him, rememberingthe watchword, if any suspicious movement was beforehim, which was to call out, Who goes there?three times, and then fin. The faithful, keen-wittednegro reflected, and made up his mind. Pastmidnight, his watchful ear caught the stealthy advanceof the enemy, and just waiting long enoughto be sure of his aim, he leveled his gun, and calledout, in one sentence, at one breath. Who goes dentree time? and then fired. The foe was shot anddiscovered, the alarm given, and the post saved.Sometimes we most thus concentrate, and give thewarning and the shot at the same moment; nothere a little and there a little, but all at ones, andblow after blow followed up so rapidly, that neithercompromise nor retreat shall be possible. Dr. Cheever's speech was listened to with profoundattention, and was frequently interruptedwith applause. 
