 We trust the good people of this terrible humbuggedcommonwealth will watch the course ofthose representatives in Congress who profess to haretheir hands constantly laid on the heart of Massachusetts,and to always beat time to its pulsations.But some of these very politicians, it will be recollected,went point blank against the enabling billproviding for an admission of the new and magnificentFREE State of Minnesota; and justly were theyLashed down for their course. Now behold Wilsongoing against the admission of the free state of Oregon!Is this representing the public opinion ofMassachusetts? Is this the war to make her pulsebeat for freedom? Do the good people of this Statemean to send men to Congress for the purpose ofthrowing obstacles in the way of the admission offree States into this Union? against free States Look at this scandalous course of the republicansmore comprehensively. Senator Douglas calls foraction on the hill for the admission of Oregon, afree State, when Senator Benjamin, of Louisiana,says he is ready to rote in favor of its admission,and Senator Green, of Missouri, says he is ready todo likewise, and probably the main body of thedemocratic members are ready; but Senators Trumbull,of Illinois, Hale, of New Hampshire, Feseenden.of Maine, and Wilson, of Massachusetts, makefactious speeches AGAINST HER ADMISSION.Is this a representation of northern sentiment? Look, moreover, at the ground on which, for instance,Wilson labors to keep out Oregon. Thepeople of that territory have put a clause in theirState constitution adverse to the admission of negroesinto their State; just as the Kansas Topekaitesput a clause in their constitution, which Wilsonswore by so long, excluding negroes from that newstate. Now, forsooth, this same Wilson haranguesagainst Oregoh, keeps her out of the Union, for whatbe chooses to consider an inexpiable offence in herconstitution!! What was no objection in Kansasit the unpardonable sin in Oregon!! What righthas he, as a member of Congress, to say what sort ofmen shall live in a State? What does the illustriousJefferson say as to such an assumption by Congressof the power—to use his own language—'toregulate the condition of the different description ofmen composing a State'? Hear him—'THIS CERTAINLYIS THE EXCLUSIVE RIGHT OF EVERT STATE,WHICH NOTHING IN THE CONSTITUTION HAS TAKENFROM THEM AND GIVEN TO THE GENERAL GOVERNMENT.' excluding negroes from that newstate. toregulate the condition of the different description ofmen composing a State'? HIS The offence of the territory of Minnesota was,when so many of the Massachusetts delegation misrepresentedtheir State, and the offence of Oregonnow is, that of being democratic and national; ofbeing flatly opposed to the sectional and dangerouscourse of the anti-slavery agitators. For this reasondo the black republican senators fight against theiradmission as FREE STATES into this Union! Fordoing this they deserve and will receive an excoriatingrebuke from the north. that of being democratic and national We hope and trust that the democracy of thewhole Union will vote in solid phalanx for the admissionof both Oregon and Minnesota; and thusshow that they mean to stand on the impregnableground of asking only this question as to a newState which has the requisite population:—Is it republicanin form? Is it republicanin form 
