 At Mozart Hall, New York City, Tuesday and Wednesday,May 11th and 12th, 1858. At Mozart Hall, New York City, Tuesday and Wednesday,May 11th and 12th, 1858. Phonographically reported for the Liberator, by Mr. YERRINTON. In accordance with a call heretofore published, theAmericans Anti-Slavery Society celebrated its Twenty-fifthAnniversary at Mozart Hall, on Tuesday andWednesday of last week. The meetings commenced on Tuesday morningThere was a very good audience in attendance whenthe society was called to order, at half-past ten, byWm. Lloyd Garrison, its President, and before theconclusion of the forenoon session, the half was entirelyfilled. meetings The President, after calling the seemly to order,read selection from the scriptures, as follows: Hearken unto me, ye that know righteousness, thepeople in whose heart is my law; fear ye not the reproachof men, neither be ye afraid of their railings,For the month shall eat them up like a garment, andthe worm shall eat them like wool. I, even I, am hethat conforteth you. Who art thou, that thoushouldst be afraid of a man that shall die, and of theson of man that shall be made as grass; and forgettestthe Lord thy Marker, that hath stretched forth theheavens, and laid the foundations of the earth; andhast feared continually every day because of the furyof the oppresper? and where is the fury of the oppressor? Thus saith the Lord God, My people went downaforetime into Egypt to sojourn there; and the Assyrianoppressed them without cause. Now, therefore,what have I here, saith the Lord, that my peopleare taken away for nought? They that rule overthem make them to howl, saith the Lord; and myname continually every day is blasphemed. Thus saith the Lord, even the captives of themighty shall be taken away, and the prey of the terribleshall be delivered; for I will contend with himthat contendeth with thee, and I will save thy children.And I will feed them that oppress thee withtheir own flesh; and they shall be drunken with theirown blood, as with sweet wine. Wo to the rebellious children, saith the Lord, thattake counsel, but not of me; and that cover with acovering, but not of my spirit, that they may add sinto sin: that walk to go down into Egypt, and have]not asked at my mouth; to strengthen themselves inthe strength of Pharaoh, and to trust in the shadowof Egypt! Therefore shall the strength of Pharaohbe your shame, and your trust in the shadow of Egyptyour confusion. This is a rebellious people, lying children, childrenthat will not hear the law of the Lord; which say tothe seers, See not; and to the prophets, Prophesy notunto us right things, speak unto us smooth things,prophesy deceits, get you out of the way, turn asideout of the path, cause the Holy One of Israel to ceasefrom before us. Wherefore thus saith the Holy Oneof Israel, Because ye despise this word, and trust inoppression and perverseness, and stay thereon: thereforethis iniquity shall be to you as a breech readyto fall swelling out in a high wall, whose breakingcometh suddenly at an instant; and he shall break itas the breaking of the potter's vessel that is broken inpieces. Thus saith the Lord, forasmuch as this people drawnear me with their mouth, and with their lips dohonor me, but have removed me is taught by the precept ofmen: therefore, behold, I will proceed to do a marvelouswork and a wonder: for the wisdom of theirwise men shall perish, and the understanding of theirprudent men shall be hid. Wo unto them that seekdeep to hide their counsel from the Lord, and theirworks are in the dark, and they say, Who seeth us?and who knoweth us? surely your turnings ofthings upside down shall be esteemed as the pottr'sclay. Make a chain; for the land is full of bloody crimes,and the city is full of violence. Shall I not visit forthese things? saith the Lord. shall not my soul beavenged on such a nation as this? An opportunity being offered for vocal prayer, Rev.Mr. Collyer, of Pa., came forward and offered a prayerto the God of the oppressed for his blessing on thedeliberations of the Convention. FRANCIS JACRSON, Treasurer of the Society, thenread his Annual Report, as follows: — RANCIS ACRSON FRANCIS JACKSON, Treasurer, in account with the AmericanAnti-Slavery, from May, 1857, to May,1858. RANCIS ACKSON Treasurer, in account with the AmericanAnti-Slavery, from May to May DR. Table  Table  CR. Table  Table  To which may be added the receipts of AuxiliarySocieties in Massachusetts, Pennsylvania and theWest, according to their last Annual Reports, amountingto the sum of $17,354 76. Making the aggregatereceipts of this Society and its Auxiliaries,$35,967 24; and their expenditures amounting to$32,942 11. The report was laid on the table, for subsequentconsideration. The President then said — I find my name down inthe programme for a for a speech this forenoon; but as I wasrequested to draw up a of Resolutions to bepresented to the society for its consideration, as Ihave done so, and as the series is necessarily somewhat extended, I shall not undertake, this forenoon,to trespass on the time of the meeting any longer thanwill suffice to read the hydraulic pressure, I have endeavoredto concentrate my thoughts, feelings and ideasas pertaining to our struggle generally, and in regardto its particular aspects during the past year. If youwill be so kind, therefore, as t give me your attentionwhile I read the resolutions, I will not trespasson your time any longer, but give place to others. [These resolutions—the reading of which was frequentlyinterrupted by applause—were published inlast week's Liberator .] Liberator . The reading of the resolution with regard to theso-called 'revival of religion' called forth some marksof disapprobation, which were answered by heartyapplause on the Part of a majority of the audience.Mr. Edgar Ketchum rose said — 'We cannot allagree in the sentiments of that Resolution. There arehundreds here who are' — (the conclusion of the sentencewas lost in calls of 'Order, Order.') Mr. Ketchum —Only one word. (Cries of 'Hearhim,' 'hear him.') the President — The gentleman is out of order. Itis only the opponents of the resolution who make thisdisturbance. Those who approbate the sentiment ofthe resolution have surely no need to occupy the timein giving their applause; for the serpents that are presentare indicating the nature of this revival of religionsufficiently, without any demonstration being neededon their part. (applause). When the reading of the resolutions was finished,the president introduced CHARLESS LENOXREMOND, ofSalem, Mass. [Mr. Remond's speech may be foundon our last page.] HARLESS ENOX EMOND the President said it gave him great pleasure to introduceto the audiences, as the next speaker, WENBRLLPHILLITS of Boston. (Prolonged applause.) ENBRLL HILLITS MR. PRESIDENT: I come upon the platform toexpress,as the friend who has preceded me hasjust done, my most hearty concurrence in the resolutionwhich have been read to us. For one, sir,I am sorry that the nature of this morning's meetingshould be such as to have precluded the friend whorose in front from stating his objection to say one ofthese resolutions; but if that is the rule, I hope thathe, and those who sympathies with him, will be presentat some of our subsequent session, and take exampletime to state, an fully as possible, as much in detail asthey wish, all their objections to any one of the statementsof those resolutions. In regard to that one towhich he objected, I cannot see how any Abolitionistcan fail to recognize the patent fact that our Governmentand our Church—either, considered as a unit—isan enemy of the slave. It has been tried, and foundwanting. Sixty years of life have seen the victimsof that system doubled, quadrupled, beneath the religionand in the civil machinery of a government that canallow slavery to exist, much less to grow, to usurppower, to monopolize the functions of government,to make a vassal of the Church. That if the indictment.The Church has had its sixty yours as schoolmaster;these millions have been its pupils. It has educatedthem into silence or indifference to the greatestwrong known to our age. It has educated theminto a nation capable of the events which the last tenyears have unfolded before us, in the catalogue ofslaveholding aggression. Who can doubt that nomatter what may be the exceptional cases, there isan inherent, unmistakable, radical rottenness in both!The character of the nation in the result of the two,and that character is shameful enough. R. RESIDENT Dr. Adams, of Boston—the same who wrote the'South-side View of Slavery'—signified his attachmentto the revival by publishing a sermon on 'TheReasonableness of Eternal Punishment.' He proves it!It must be reasonable, when such as he exist. (Loudlaughter and applause.) [A VOICE—'Hit him again.']Then, again, my friend, Mr. Remond, in criticizingsome portion of our Massachusetts eminence, incurredcertain hisses for his allusion to Edward Everett. Isuppose he alluded to that recent story of Mr. Everett'sfriend, [Mr. Yeadon, of South Carolina,] thatwhen he signed a letter expressing sympathy withCharles Sumner, he was under the influence of ananodyne, and did not know what he did. Mr. President,I do not go with Mr. Remond in his criticismupon that story. I think it hears its own falsehoodupon its face. Edward Everett, under the most potentstimulus known to medicine, was never able tocall his soul his own; (roars of laughter and applause;)but if, one moment, you suppose him,by the utmost stretch of fancy, to be under the influenceof an anodyne, it is proof positive that he wouldnot be able to sign his name. The story is a flat contradictionin itself. There must be some other doorout of which he will walk. must But I did not get up, Mr. President to speak onthese topics, but on the resolution which concludesthe series: Whereas, a central despotism exists at Washingtonwhose purpose is to uphold and extend slavery;and Whereas, one of the readiest means to resist it is themachinery of the State Government; and Whereas, according to all precedent before andsince 1789 the acquiescence of the people, under anyact of Government, gives to it the force and sanctionof law; therefore, Resolved, That we urge the Northern States to assumeevery attribute of unlimited sovereignty necessaryfor effectual resistance to the Slave Power; and,as a first stop, to enact that no fugitive slave shallever be surrendered from their limits, and no manshall, within their limits, be put on trial as to thequestion whether he is or over has been a slave. Now, Mr. Chairman, allow me to say, we have passedthrough a very strange month. From the otherside of the water, the steamer brings us the news—ifit can be wholly trusted—that the representative ofEuropean despotism has taken the final step to strikeoff every fetter in his dominions. Suppose that wecan place reliance upon the whole extent of this information.The despotism of Europe—Russia, withunlimited sources at her command—representingcalm—the granite Alpe piled to the sky and rootedto the centre, for her emblem—yields the spirit ofthe nineteenth century, and strikes off letters. Onthe other side of the globe, the representative of Libertyand Progress, Education and Ideas, whose emblemis the ocean, only pure because never still—America—the popular representative of the Democracyof the nineteenth century—signalized that sameweek by the triumph of the Government in fasteningslavery, spite of the remonstrance of its people, upona virgin State. How did we come there? How didwe reach such an antagonism to the spirit of the centuryin which we live? It seems to me that, in thebroad sense, one might say, we reached it by the factthat Russia means what she says. She is a sincerepower. She loves despotism; she represents it; shedoes not shrink from avowing it; she lives up to it.But in her internal necessities, or by a law of her outwardgrowth, she sees the necessity brought upon herto put an end to the weakness and danger of servitude.The reason why we have sunk so infinitely belowher is because we are not a sincere power; we donot mean what we say. Neither our Church nor ourState means one word that it uses. We have playedwith words, like counters, so long, that they have nomeaning, no effect upon the popular heart. A 'revival'—of what? Of words of pasteboard forms, of superstitiousobservances, of something that no two intelligentmen meet, and look into each other's faces,and discuss, without laughing at each other. (Applauseand hisses.) Oh, the rank and file, the men whocome here and make that noise, may believe, becauseit is possible, St. Paul has told us, that at last a manmay be lest to believe a lie. (Loud applause andhisses.) I speak of the intelligent guides of nationalsentiment; I speak of the sources of national section—of the men who, in the real and proper sense, are thenation, civilly and religiously. We do not mean whatwe say; we love falsehood and hypocrisy. The consequenceis, we have played with those counters untilthey have lost all effect. We are case hardened toany moral influence. We are bought up by patronage.Why the President, the papers say, gives twenty-fivedollars a barrel for flour to go to Utah. Hebuys it cheap, if he buys a voter in each barrel.(Laughter.) It is the organization that underlies patronageto which I allude, hardened by constant exposureto noble words without a meaning until at lastthe heart refuses to answer to any appeals. intelligent Republicanism is the prominent representative ofcivil resistance to slavery. Now, one great error ofRepublicanism—even in that noble protest, the letterof Mr. Giddings—is, that it commits the capitalmistake of letting the enemy choose when and howto fight. It lets the enemy choose the point of attack;it lets the enemy choose the form of the issue—that is half the battle. The man that stays to be attacked,and lets his for criticise him until he finds hisweakest point, and concentrates his strength upon it,is sure to be conquered. The greatest merit of Napoleon,said Wellington was, that he had an eye likean eagle to see the weak points of an enemy, and apower, beyond all known to history to concentrate amillion of men upon one point. The Slave Power isequally as sagacious.  It sees exactly where is theweak point in the moral attitude of the opponents ofslavery, ad it directs its efforts there. Take the Tribune. Years ago, the Tribune laiddown the doctrine against the extension of slavery.Hard pressed by the anxious crisis of the Kansas question,the Tribune avowed its determination to admitKansas as a slave State, if she wished to come in assuch. It deserted every one of its own chosen points,in order to meet the one suggested, shaped by the enemy—shaped, of course, with the intention and theprofoundest sagacity to conquer. Tribune. Tribune Tribune It seems to me that when we stand in such a monthas this—Kansas conquered—under the heel of theFederal Government—[a voice—'not yet']—I say, underthe heel of the Federal Government, and there isnothing to oppose it but the paper promise that havebeen made ninety and nine times, and broken, (applause)—promises of Eastern presses, promises ofKansas leaders, promises of Republican parties in Washington—all made, and I doubt not in many casehonestly believed, and all broken—I say, Kansas underthe heel of the Federal Government, and PresidentBuchanan is as strong, with forty thousand postmastersand seventy million of revenue, as Napoleon,with five hundred thousand armed men,in a country where the six of not being rich is onlystoned for by the effort to become so (laughter.)Then what is before us? for what purpose done thePresident and his Cabinet clear the cheeker-board?Why, in order to bring Cuba, and Central America,and the revival of the slave trade, on the board. Inthree months, you will not hear of Kansas. It willbe a 'deed horse,' a trite subject, forgotten. Thespeaker will be slow who goes back to Kansas. Itwill be covered three feet deep with Cuba, CentralAmerica, and a new slave trade. The next Presidentialelection, who can say that the party which carriedKansas, by stuffed ballot-boxes and border-ruffianism,may not carry Pennsylvania as well? Fiftythousand native-born Pennsylvanians who cannot reador write, and fifty thousand more standing next tothem who cannot read or write to any purpose—thenucleus of one hundred thousand ignorant men to bebought in the political shambles! Why, it is a bettercame than that of Kansas; it is an easier thing tocarry Pennsylvania or Indiana. The Presidentialelection never will go by honest votes—mark me! Itwill go, as Kansas and Minnceota have gone, by recklesscheating, by a Democracy that assumes despotismwithout the name, and means to control this government,and make it what it pleases. What are we providing against it? Ideas! Whatis the Republican party providing against it? Partytactics!—the same that have been used so often anddefested. It is too great a crisis to trust them anylonger. It is time to tear down the idols. 'A liewill keep its throne a whole age longer, if it mayskulk behind the shield of some fair-seeming name.'It is names that form the strength of this Democraticenterprise against Liberty. 'Union'—'Religion'—'The Kaspire'—'Patriotism'; something that nobodymust touch, must lay his lips in the dust before it.Honied all over with praise of the Union is everyRepublican speech in Congress. You know it! Itreminds me of the old story of the Emperor Hong Fung.The Emperor says to him, 'Ninety years of wisdommust have taught you much. What is the greatdanger of government? Said he, 'It is the not inthe statue.' 'The rat in the statue!' said the Emperor,'what is that?' 'Well,' said the sage, 'youknow we build statues to our ancestors; we set themup in the secret places of our houses. They see ofwood, hollow, and pointed on the outside; and if arat gets into the centre, you may not burn it, for it isthe image of your father; you may not plunge it intowater, for it will wash off the point. The rat is safebecause the image is sacred' (prolonged applause)So it is with the Union. Buchanan is in it—rottennessitself (laughter and cheers). The Democraticparty is covered by it. With slavery in its heart,you may not touch it. Washington founded it;Jefferson blessed it; Hamilton launched it; and ourfathers have all sworn to it. Let not fire come nearit—it is sacred! Plunge it not in the ocean of publicscorn, for you will take off the traits that renised usof the Revolution!—and the rat is safe (applause)! So it is with Religion. Our friend over there itBrooklyn, who rides alone in the unique, gigantesquestrength of his great heart, with a brow bright andtall enough to be seen from Brooklyn to the ReadyMountains—he cannot touch the Church—the rat issacred within it! He must bow down in the houseof Rimmon, when it baptizes itself with the name of'Revival,' although it is hard—hard—hard to fancythat, in the bottom of his own heart, he did not knowthat every atom added to the strength of that fabricwas another pound weight laid on the heart of thebondman (applause). What have we to oppose to this programme of nationaliniquity? Why, we have 'converts.'  Theysay we have a great many converts from the Democraticparty. You will see them all wheel back intoline the moment the trumpet sounds 'Cuba' at thehead of the host. You will see them all wheel backinto line the moment the word passes from captain to captain, 'Aggression'—'Extension of the Area of Freedom,' and 'Another Slice of Mexico.' But ifthey do not, I distrust them. I distrust Bank andDouglas, in the van of the party for Liberty. (Hear.hear.') As the lover said to his mistrous, 'There arebut two places in the world, where you are and whereyou are not.' So in polities, there are but two parts—on the slave's side, and against him. When therewho are on the slave's side will not have you, whenmust you go? There is such a thing as being kickedinto a party. Horace Mann was kicked out of theWhig party into the Liberty party. Mr. Banks sufferedthe same honor. (Laughter and applause.consider Mr. Douglas in the same position. He stayedby his Democracy as long as they would let him;but when they cut the rope, he had to fall; and theybeing no other place to fall except into the hands ofthe Republicans, of course he fell there. But thedoes not make him a lover of liberty. They say hisname would be stronger than any other at the headof the Republican ticket at the next Presidential canvass.I do not know but it would. It is very likely,as parties go, that the ticket with his name of thehead of it would be a strong ticket. he might beelected. Suppose he were; it would be no better,nay, not no good, as if he were defeated; for, whohe is seated in the chair, it is a Democrat in the grain,not an Abolitionist. He did not come in at the dooron his own feet, he was pitched in headlong, in spiteof himself. (Applause.) I distrust him. When theold Democratic trumpet rings to arms, his soul willobey the summons. I remember when I was aManchester, they had a story in this wise. You knowthe cavalry horses of the English army in Spain aresaid to have got so used to the trumpet's sound, thatthey obey the call as well as the disciplined soldierhimself; and when the rider is sent to the ground;corpse, the steed still hears the trumpet, wheels intoline, charges and fights for England, as if an Englishman sat in his saddle. One of the regiments whichhad come home from Spain was stationed just outsideof the city of Manchester, and they had a sale oftheir refuse horses. They sold some score of them.Among the rest, one old men who sold sand aboutthe streets purchased for a pound one of the troopershorses, put him into the shafts of his cart, and peddledsand for a month. The old man thought inhad got a bargain, and trotted up and down the cityand the horse did his little work, his drudgery so ifhe had been born to it. But one day, when the oldfellow of eighty was sitting on his sand cart, engagedin his daily toil, a rergeant's guard passed by him.and the trumpet sounded. The old steed shock hismane, broke the cart to pieces, shook the old man onto the pavement, and wheeled into line with thetroops. So with Douglas, when the Democratic partysounded its trumpet—President though he might be(Applause.) It is in him; no baptism of a six monthssession with Hale and Giddings can wash out the lifelongservility of a bought and sold politician. (Renewedapplause.) The South will never trust him;but he has not the manhood, I believe, to be a leaderof the North—the effectual, radical, resisting North—no! into It seems to me that this resolution points to somethingwhich politics ought to consider and adopt,Bancroft says, in his last volume, 'American law isno result of individual wisdom; it is the growth ofnecessity—the growth of the hour.' So it is. Whenwe framed the Constitution under which we live, themen who went to Philadelphia to frame it know theywere doing what they were not sent to do; and Mr.Madison, in the 'Federalist,' defends them for doingwhat they were not sent to do. The people sanctioned the work, and to-day it is an idol! In 1801, Mr.Jefferson said the acquisition of territory was clearlyunconstitutional. The people bowed to it—it is law!So you may trace down American tow until to—day.Whatever the Government does, whatever the organizedsystem of government initiates, and the peopleallow that is American law. The experience of seventyyears says so. Now, I appeal to the North toavail herself of that principle against the Slave Power.Mr. Buchanan throw, off the fetters of the Constitutions.He does what he pleases; the Democraticparty do what they please. Let us try the samegame. In fighting this battle, let us throw off fetters.I do not ask it of the Republican party in Congress—they are sworn there to support a certain system ofgovernment—but I ask them for more than they do.I ask them to do what the English hare always donein critical moments—checkmate the Government—reguse them a dollar! (Applause.) There has notbeen an appropriation bill brought before Congress forlast four or five years, that has not been rotten tothe core with pro-slavery service. Table it! Checkmatethe Government—make it bankrupt! Avowit; argue it to the people; begin to fight, not to defend.Let the South no longer choose the issue, andthen ask us what we think. Massachusetts has begun!(Loud applause.) She has thrown them thehead of a wicked Judge as her gauntlet. (Renewedapplause.) The Governor of Massachusetts said thathe removed Judge Loring because of a certain incompatibilitybetween the offices of United States Commissionerand a Massachusetts Judge of Probate;the people removed Edward Greeley Loring becausehe bowed his neck to the slave yoke, and sent backAnthony Burns to bondage. Fit Judge for the Union,but too dirty for Massachusetts! (Prolonged cheering.)Let the Republican party organize resistance, and notresistance simply, but aggression. I do not know howgoon, in the contingencies of events, they may, asonce before, get a majority, and actually embarrassthe Government But it does not much matter.The moment a great party avows its purpose of resistance,avows its determination to make the Governmentbankrupt, and flings that question before thepeople, it will educate them up to that level Thedevil sends us texts in James Buchanan, and we areto preach the sermons; (applause); and the educationof the people is according to our preaching.  Then, again, as States, the refuge of our liberty isthe machinery of the State Governments. WhenSalmon P. Chase had his hand on Margaret Garnerin the Cincinnati prison, he could have clutched theslave question, and helped it forward a quarter of acentury, if he had then and there provoked resistanceby the Buckeye State to the Federal Government;for there is something in the loyalty of individualsto the State Governments, in home love andsympathy, stronger, after all, than love of the Unionitself. There is a State pride. Now, for the firststep, let us declare—and if the people submit to it, itis law—that no slave ever shall go back from NewYork. You remember the story of the Irishman,who, finding his blanket too short at the bottom, cutoff a piece from the top, and sewed it on to the bottom.If the Democratic party sewed Kansas on to thatend, she must be balanced by Massachusetts on this.Let us say to the South,' We will have no more stoveterritory; and if you increase it at the West, we willclean up all the East to make it even.' In everyState, under the pressure of this great question, stirringthe consciences of the people, it will be possible,one after the other—Massachusetts first, or Wisconsin,I care not which—to make an enactment, whichthe will of the people will seal into law, that no manshall ever be tried, upon that territory, on the questionwhether he is a slave or a freeman. And whenMassachusetts has said 'Amen' to such an enactment,it is law in Massachusetts; for we have Bancroft'sauthority, that American law is no result of individualwisdom, but the growth of necessity—thegrowth of the hour. I say, let us begin at home to organize garrisonsend forts where the party of morals, of ideas, cantake refuge against the organizations of Government.The organizations of Government palpably increase,day by day, on the slavery aide. Ideas are ours. Iknow to some of us they seem to advance very slowly.We do not see the influence of such a meetingas this, or a dozen like it. The Scotch bleaching womansaid to the clergyman, who asked her why shewatered a piece of linen so often, 'The water I pouron this morning will part sink into the earth, and partpass into the air—and the cloth is the same as it wasbefore. But come along here a month hence, I shallhave watered it with just the same seeming uselessness,day after day—but the first day of June it willbe white.' (Applause.) So, twenty-five years ago,the bar of Boston said to Samuel E. Sewall, when heasked them whether a person brought into Massachusettsas a slave could be carried back, Yes; he is afugitive, although his master brought him here.'But he took the question to the Court, and argued it,until a Massachusetts Court responded to Mississippi,and said 'No! There is a distinction; and that isenough for a twig to hang freedom upon.' It tooktwenty-five years of plotting, and Taney, With bothhis feet in the grave, to reverse it; and Massachusettswas that same year saying to the man who had returneda fugitive, even, 'Get thee behind me, Satan!Thou shalt have no office of mine!' (Applause.)Day after day, year after year, our President pouredthe water of his rebuke, with seeming uselessness,on the stained conscience of Massachusetts, and theclergyman cried 'Infidel,' and the politician 'Fanatic,'and said. 'See! he is putting back the cause ofemancipation!' But they tried it, and found it washealthier for Edward Greeley Loring to live in Washingtonthan in the atmosphere of the Bay State.(Loud cheers.) fugitive The President next introduced Miss FRANCES ELLENWATKINS, of Baltimore, who proceeded to makea speech full of pathos and highly effective, in thecourse of which she depicted her emotions when, forthe first time, she ever saw tree land for those of herown complexion—it was when she first gazed uponthe Canada shore! RANCES LLEN ATKINS The meeting then adjourned to meet for businessto the afternoon, at 3 o'clock. The members and friends of the Society met informallyto consider the present aspects tad wants ofthe cause. No business was transacted, the timebeing chiefly occupied in discussing and defining the'freedom of the platform' in relation to questions oftheology, in respect to which the members of theSociety do not even expect to agree. The reporterwas not present, and it is impossible for any one tostate, from memory, the views urged by the differentspeakers. The meeting was called to order about 8 o'clock,when the platform was taken by EDMUND QUINCY,Esq., of Dedham, in the absence of Rev. THRODOREPARKER, caused by bodily indisposition. Us said hehad been thinking that U was just twenty yearssince he first attended a meeting of the AmericanAnti-Slavery Society, in the year 1838, and it hadoccurred to him to reflect upon the vast changeswhich had taken place in this country dating thatperiod. What prodigious strides had the Americanpeople taken towards their glory or their doom, asthe case might be, according as they might yet decideas to their future course! DMUND UINCY HRODORE ARKER To speaker then reviewed the history of the countryfor the last twenty years, as connected with theslavery question, referring to the annexation of Texas,the Mexican war, which grew out of that iniquity,the passage of the Fugitive Stove Law, the repeal ofthe Ordinance of '87, the Kansas question, and thelong catalogue of slaveholding usurpations and aggressions. Mr. GARRISON next spoke, as follows:— ARRISON 
