 Whenever the Republicans do a good thing. theDemocrats ridicule, denounce and calumniate them.Read, in the 'Refuge of Oppression,' the commentsmade by the Boston Post on the votes of Senators Wilsonof Massachusetts, Hale of New Hampshire, andFessenden of Maine, against the admission of Oregonwith a clause in her Constitution excluding negroesfrom residence there. A large proportion of the Republicansettlers in those North western Territoriesseem to oppose slavery only because it would causeturmoil and disquiet to themselves, not because of itsmeanness and wickedness; and if the same selfishend can thereby be promoted, they do not shrinkfrom the equal meanness of disfranchising and banishingmen who have committed no crime, but who,as the subject of an unjust prejudice, are especiallyentitled to sympathy and help. The more such narrownotions prevail among their constituents, themore creditable is it in Wilson and his associationto make a stand against them. But why should notthese gentlemen be consistent in their advocacy ofright and justice? Why should they not stand upfor the rights of the slave in Oregon? Though theyhave made the blunder of swearing to support a pro-slaveryConstitutions, they are at perfect liberty to seekits amendment. Why should not Mr. Wilson showhimself an advocates of freedom an principle, and dohis part to change the oligarchy under which he livesinto a true democracy, by moving to amend the Constitution,by striking out the infamous three-fifthsclause in the apportionment of representatives, andrestoring their right to vote to those oppressed nativesof the country who are now called slaves? Ifhis oath prevents him from doing other right things,it does not prevent him from doing that. But untilhe and other Republican members of Congress do aleast as much as that, they can have no decent pretencefor asking, in any emergency, or for any periodof critical importance to their cause, the help of abolitionists.—C.K.W. Post principle aleast as much as that 
