 I do not know that there is anything to be donehere, the evening to make us a unit on this questionof freedom and equality. We come together fromvarious parts of the country—strangers, more or lees,to each other—and, personally, not knowing what arethe peculiar views entertained by each. But, than,so far as the bulk of this audience is concerned, Isuppose I may take it for granted that you are fromthe free 8utea, and that very few are from the South. First, a word in regard to the South. There are those who say they do not marvel atall that slaveholders are unwilling to part with theirslave property. Well, I also think that Southernmen are behaving very much according to humannature in its ordinary manifestations, in view of thefact that, inheriting an old institution, and finding itsustained by all that is deemed respectable, honorableand religious in the South, they feel that to ask themto give up their slaves is tantamount to asking themen of the North to give up their houses and lands;and he, surely, would be regarded as a fool or a madmanwho should undertake to prove to the people ofthe North the enormity of holding horses, sheep andswine as property, and should call upon them, in thename of the living God, to cease holding such asproperty. I do not wonder that slaveholders strainevery nerve to perpetuate slavery. As slaveholders,they are sagacious, far-sighted, and prompt to do thevery thing that needs to be dome to preserve theirslave-system intact. They are not extravagant inany effort they make; they do not employ one singleslave-driver too many; they do not own one superfluousbloodhound; they have none too many fetters—none too many whips; they lave a slave codeexactly adapted to the necessities of their position—everything complete and perfect from beginning toend. Now, the apology is often made at the North, intheir behalf, that they are acting just as other manact, under kindred circumstances. I grant it. So,when you send your missionaries to the ends of theearth to grapple with heathenish idolatry, do theidol-worshippers behave. They do not accept yourone only living and true God'—they believe in gods;and, therefore, they resent the intrusion, and do preciselywhat we have a right to expect idolaters willdo to protect their idolatrous system. Nevertheless,idolatry is a false religion, and the true God oughtto be known and honored in all parts of the earth,let the consequences be what they may. So in regardto this system of slavery. Men who are slaveholders must dread free discussion.I do not wonder that no man is tolerated onSouthern soil, with a free soul and a free tongue;for the toleration of one such man would insure theabolition of slavery at no distant day, and the tyrantknows it. 'Instinct is a great matter.' Give me asingle free press in Russia, and I will guarantee theupturning of autocracy. Grant me freedom of speechin France, Spain, Italy, Austria, and I will speedilyeffect a revolution, and work out the problem of universalemancipation. Therefore it is that, in all thosedespotic countries, not a visible freeman stands upontheir soil, and every press is fettered. What! cannotthe French Emperor, or the Roman Pope, or theRussian Czar, claiming to rule 'by the grace of God,'with everything in his grasp, allow one free press orone free spirit to exist in his dominions? Not one—not one! This tells the whole story: it is a confessionof conscious injustice and indefensible tyranny. Andso in all the South, no man speaks, no man can speak,as a freeman, and live. Slavery will not bear investigation. Now, I say, if slavery b to continue, we musthave just the condition of things. It is absurd totalk about the cruel treatment by slaveholders oftheir slaves, while conceding the right of property inman. They are not unnecessarily brutal; they dothe beat they can, under the circumstances. If, then, it b to be expected that, on Southern soil,Southern men will stand up for slave institutions, letme ask you, men of the Empire state, men of theNorth, whether we are not bound, on our side of theline, to stand up as boldly and uncompromisingly infavor of free institutions? Why should we not doso? And if we are false to our own principles andprofessions, the more shame to us. Now, throughout our mighty North, you know wehave settled one thing—that slavery shall not be oneof our institutions. Not a solitary slave clanks hischains on our Northern soil. We have put an end tochattel servitude as it once existed among us. Thiswas well done, was it not? We abolished it becauseof its inherent injustice and immorality; because itcould not be defended; because it was a blightingcurse; because man was never made to be a slave,and freedom is the inalienable right of all. (Applause.)If this is so, then I hold that they who undertake toframe or furnish apologies in behalf of Southernslaveholders, and bring up objections against Abolitionists,are not Northern men, but recreant to theirown principles, and should migrate to the South.(Applause.) We are 'fanatics,' forsooth! and the men who areflinging this taunt at us are the vary men who have,by constitutional enactment, in the Empire State,throughout the whole North, subscribed to the doctrineof 'Garrisonian' Abolitionism! No man isallowed to be a slaveholder here. Tell me, men ofthe Empire Slate, why not? How dare you pass alaw making it penal for me to take even the veryfirst step towards making a slave? How dare youhave a law interfering with my benevolence andphilanthropy, so that when I see a poor creature, who'cannot take care of himself,' I may not seize him,and claim him as my property—for Am good, ofcourse? If you say, God has not authorized me tohold a slave here, then I say, he has not authorizedit at the South. There are not two Gods—one forthe North, and one for the South—but one God;and if He makes it immoral to hold slaves at theNorth, He makes it no leas immoral to hold slaves atthe South. Before you reject a single doctrine I havelaid down, you have got to burn every NorthernState Constitution. I do not transcend them a hair'sbreadth. The only difference between me and thepeople of the North b, that I am for a consistentand uncompromising adherence to the doctrine theyhave laid down, and they are not (Applause.) Garrisonian Men say we must not impeach the honesty ofSouthern slaveholders; we must not question their!patriotism; especially, we must not doubt their piety.For are they not orthodox in their religious faith,and 'bound for the kingdom'? Have they not beanbaptized, and do they not eat the sacramental breadand drink the sacramental wine? Are they notmembers of the Church of Christ? Who shall presumeto cast suspicion upon the piety of men whohave done all this? It is a clear case that they holdtheir slaves benevolently, and for their good, andtherefore are not to be condemned. Do you meanall that? Is it so that, in Carolina, man are benevolent,high-minded, patriotic, Christian, and yet slave-holders?Do you really mean to say that? Then, Iask, why do you prevent high-mewled, benevolent.Christian men, here in the Empire State, frees becomingslaveholders? How will it tarnish my Christiancharacter if I enslave a man here? And whyshould it justly subject me to reproach sent infamy?Where is your consistency? I do not wonder that the North b driven to thewall, by the South, is this controversy. Againstsuch glaring contradictions, such a shutting morality,the slaveholder has the argument. For if yon concedehis right to hold slave, on his own plantation,on the ground of benevolence, and in consistencywith morality and religion, then he logically answersthat it cannot be wrong to held slaves in theEmpire State, and slavery ought to be a universalinstitution. The argument, I repeat, it with the slaveholder. What I want to see is consistency. I see it at theSouth—I see nothing but inconsistency at the North.The slaveholders are resolved to exterminate freedomuniversally. Rely upon it, we shall have thevery forms of republican government overthrown inthis land, and a military despotism substituted, unlessslavery be abolished. The slaveholder cares nothingfor the rights of any man. He who, to promote hisown interests, would enslave one human being, wouldas readily fasten the chain upon every other humanbeing, for the same reason. The cry of the slave oligarchyis, 'Down with the liberty of the press! downwith freedom of speech! away with the Declaration ofIndependence! Slavery forever, and every where!'The doctrines of Toryism are constantly avowed inthe Southern journals—from the lips of Southernmen, in Congress and out of it—and an open, bold,absolute denial of the rights of man, without regardto race or color, is everywhere heard, without alarm,and even with general acquiescence—a sure indicationthat we are fast ripening for a military despotism. As a matter of fact, with regard to the victims ofslavery, all complexional distinctions have long sinceceased; and an audience distinctions have long sinceceased; and an audience might be gathered up fromthe Southern plantations, from among those who arenow clanking the chain, and brought into this hall,as fair, as white as beautiful to the view, as thosenow before me. Complexion is no longer any safeguard.No man's household is safe, on the groundthat he is an Anglo-Saxon, and his children are ofhis own blood. Then again, the theory of the Southis, that slavery is not a question of race, but of caste—the strong against the weak, the rich against thepoor; that all who labor with their hands to earn anhonest livelihood are ordained of God to be mondeslaves. The working men of the North are brandedas nothing better than 'mud-sills' by the Southernlords of the lash, even on the floor of the Senate ofthe United States, who despise and hate the Northbecause she is hard-working, industrious, self-supporting,and finds her prosperity in free labor, andher safety and glory in free institutions. The aim ofthe Slave Power is to overthrow all the institutionswhich we cherish so deeply, and, if possible, to inanguratea bloody slaveholding military despotism, by asudden coup d'etat, and enable another LouisNapoleon to seize the reins of government, and ruleus with a rod of iron, as unhappy France is ruled todayby its perfidious betrayer. coup d'etat What a strange spectacle is presented to the world!While America is eagerly bent on perpetuating herslave system, the Czar of Russia is busy in strikingoff the fetters from the limbs of the serfs in his empire!While I blush for my country, I take off myhat to the Czar for that praiseworthy act. Nevertheless,I would like to reduce him to the size of a commonman, and put an end to autocratic rule forever.My motto is, 'No King, no Emperor, no Pope!' Noteven a Qusen—for, though I honor Victoria as a wifeand mother, yet I would say even to her, 'I go foryour dethronement, except as I would have everywoman a queen; just as I would have every man aking.' (Applause.) Now, what we, as Abolitionists, have been tryingto do has been simply to make the North consistent—to induce her to carry out the doctrines laid downin her own Constitution. Was such a thing everheard of before, of a people willing to allow others tohave rights on their soil which they will not concedeto one another? While we deny to our own citizensthe right to hold a man in bondage, because it is animmoral and sinful act, we yet say to the citizens ofthe South, 'If your slaves escape, and take refuge inour borders, you may hunt them with impunity; andif you can run them down, we will consent to yourcarrying them back to bondage.' I want no morerunning away to Canada! I think the Empire Stateis as good as Canada—at least, ought to be (applause)—and my word to you is this: we have allowedslave-hunting among us long enough—what do youthink of it? (Loud applause.) We ought to makethis soil too hot for any slave-hunter to stand upon itone moment. (Renewed applause.) Let us resolvethat we will have no more palpitations of the hearthere, on the part of the flying fugitive; no more hidingaway in dark cellars, or running into the woods,to avoid the pursuer; and that every fugitive salveshall be made free wherever and wherever he is disposedto take up his abode with us. Shame on ourreligion, shame on our patriotism, that the only thingwe can now do for the poor trembling fugitives is tosay, 'You are not safe here! True, the city of NewYork is mighty in its wealth, and strong in its power;it is multitudinous in its population—almost a millionof men and women strong; its churches swarm withhearers, the religion of the Son of God is here professed,and the people say they accept it; but, if youwould not again wear the chain, get out of this city—away for your life—for something dearer than life,your liberty—to the free soil of Canada!' Now, wemust put a stop to this. We must have a revival, agenuine, through-going revival of pure, freedom-loving,freedom-giving Christianity. (Loud applause.) A word in regard to the so-called revival of religionnow going on in the land. One of the resolutionsbefore us, on this subject—drawn up, I thought, veryguardedly [1]—elicited such serpent-like hisses in thegalleries that it was really refreshing to my spirit.(Laughter and applause.) It brought back the memoryof thirty years ago; I felt about 'as good as new'in the struggle. (Renewed laughter.) Seriously,we do need a genuine revival of religion in our land—would to God we might have it! 'The whole head issick, the whole heart faint, and we are full of wounds,and bruises, and putrifying sores,' Our hands arefull of blood, and we cannot deny it. We need agenuine revival of religion—a religion which is pureand spotless, which has no injustice in it, which hasno lash to apply to the naked bodies of defenselesswomen, which does not steal children, which does nottraffic in human flash, which goes for immediate anduniversal emancipation. We want a religion of thiskind; and God forbid that I should say anythingwhich would tend to prevent a revival of such a religionas this! But we have a right, in regard to therevival now going on in our land, to inquire what isthe tendency thereof. Does it favor the cause of impartialfreedom, or make against it? [1] Some of the features of this revival are worth lookingat. In the first place, I will tell you why I thinkit is spurious—not in regard to individual cases, for Iam not speaking of them, but to the nation at large.It is a wide-spread epidemic, everywhere exhibitingthe same characteristics and results. It prevails atthe North, and also at the South. There is the samegeneral confession of sin, which means little—thesame profession of repentance, which means less—andthe same conversion to the same religious faith; andyet, there is no change of spirit or purpose toward themillions in bondage, on the part of those who claimto have been turned from darkness to light, and fromthe power of Satan to the living God. (Applanes andhisses.) Let us argue the matter a little. I supports we shallnot differ about the fact that we are, as a nation, hor-riblywicked. Certainly, the American Church,which hold in bondage, through its members, sevenhundred thousand slaves, is tolerably corrupt! Theremust be a good deal of blood upon the garments ofsuch a Church! There is, moreover, no end to politicalcorruption and demagegucism in the land. If thePrince of Darkness has ever held complete supremacyany where, he holds it at the present time in America.Now, you have a genuine revival of religion goingon, mark you!—a revival that hates the wrong,defends the right, loves man, abhors tyranny. Haveyou got it? If so, then there is a tremendous strifegoing on in the land with 'principalities, and powers,and spiritual wickedness in high places.' Theantagonistic elements of heaven and hell are now inflerce conflict, and a blood-stained Church and Stateare shaken to their foundations, as by a mighty earthquake!But does any body tromble? No! Is Satanuneasy? Never more easy! Is corruption terrified?Why, it goes soundly to sleep, and snores overit. (Loud laughter and applause.) A genuine revivalof religion would scare James Buchanan so that hecould not sleep o' nights (laughter and applause)—andthe whole South would be up in arms to resist thisinvading spirit, and, if possible, to lynch it. Now, when all is calm and peaceful in the midst ofall-abounding corruption, how dare you say that thespirit of the living God is at work? How dare yousay that we have a revival of the religion of JesusChrist, the Redeemer? Let exceptional cases begranted—that, here and there, a man may be changedfrom an evil course to a good one—it does not affectthe general fact—it does invalidate the statement,that the revival of which we hear so much is spuriousand worthless, because it gives no trouble to thecorruption, the demagoguism, or the demen spirit ofslavery in the land. You know they are determined on having the piraticalforeign slave trade re-opened and are lookingfor the time, not far distant, when it will be made alegitimate branch of American commerce. Yet amongthe very people who are thus desirous to extend andperpetuate slavery, and to renew the African slavetraffic, the revival is spreading, and converts are multiplyingin all directions! They have prayer-meetingsin Washington, in Richmond, in Charleston, inSavannah, in New Orleans: they pray earnestly totheir poor manacled slaves, and are determined tohave more victims. (Applause.) I say it is a sham!Now let any one who wished to hiss relieve his bosom.[There was a very significant silence, brokenat last by loud applause.] their If any religion leaves a fetter upon my limbs, Ishall denounce it as spurious, call it by what nameyou please. As every other human being is by creationentitled to the same rights as I am, any religionwhich leaves any man in bondage is equally deservingof execration. (Applause.) [Mr. Garrison proceeded to illustrate the nature ofthe revival in Boston, by referring to the active participancyin it of the Rev. Nehemiah Adams, ofthat city, the author of 'A South-Side View of Slavery'—a book which he pronounced to be as false,deceptive and godless as was ever published. Hereferred to the prayers that had been offered in themeetings in Park street vestry, that God would 'puta hook into the jaws' of Theodore Parker, or 'removehim but of the way,' or smite him with impotency,and paid a merited tribute to the mental independence,moral intrepidity, and philanthropic and progressivespirit of Mr. Parker, which elicited warmapplause. He then said:] I judge the present revival, and determine its truecharacter, by a very sure test. I am an editor, andmy exchange list embraces papers from every part ofthe land. These I examine with watchful and constantsolicitude, from day to day. My finger is continuallyupon the pulse of the nation. I know, if anyman can know, what is the heart of the Americanpeople, because the press is the general exponent oftheir real feelings and sentiments; and, therefore, Ishould be a dull scholar not to know what is the lessonit teaches. Everywhere revealing to me thefact, as it does, that the present revival is viewed withcomplacency and approbation by the most pro-slaverydivines, by unprincipled political demagogues, by thesatanic journals, by all who are hostile or indifferent tothe cause of down-trodden humanity, I am sure itcannot be of God, whatever exceptional cases theremay be in any part of the land—for if it were, theywould assuredly be alarmed by its prevalence, and attemptto suppress it. All this talk about 'coming to Christ' is, to mycar, as melancholy as a wail for the dead, because itdefines nothing, it means nothing, except in a sectariansense; it gives no aid to the understanding, it doesnot reach the heart; it is destitute of moral courage,and seeks only conformity to a ritual religion. Now,the Christ who is 'not despised and rejected of men'in a thoroughly corrupt age, whose sympathies arenot with the poor and oppressed, and to whom ostentatioushomage is paid by the pharisaical and timeserving,cannot save us here or hereafter. Throughoutthe South, they offer up prayers to Christ, andprofess to venerate his name; but do I exaggeratewhen I say, the Christ they adore is a slaveholding,slave-breeding, slave-trading Christ? And is notsuch the Christ of America to-day, as interpreted andaccepted by the American pulpit and Church? I glory in the Christ of Judes, because he was willingto be made of no reputation for righteousness'sake, and dared to confront popular iniquity, and exposeda rotten religion, to the sacrifice of his life.How my pulses lean, how my heart glows, as I readhis history! How divine was his spirit—how world-embracinghis love! 'Behold the Lamb of God, thattaketh away the sins of the world!' His spirit weneed; we want the same moral heroism, the sameabiding faith in the living God, the same willingnessto 'endure the cross,' as he exhibited; so shall wefind salvation. I am for a genuine revival of religion—for no compromisewith crime—for emanciating every slave—for man universally, and God the Father of us all.(Loud applause.) WENDELL PHILLIPS was then loudly called for, butexceed himself from making a speech with the remark,that if say one in the audience wanted to addanything to the speech to which they had just listened,he should be glad to hear him; but, for himself,he had no such ambition. (Applause.) ENDELL HILLIPS The meeting then adjourned to meet at 10 o'clockon Wednesday morning. [Reminder next week.] Reminder next week. [1] The following is the resolution on the revivalhere referred to:— [1] The following is the resolution on the revivalhere referred to:— Resolved, That the 'revival of religion,' whichhas swept over the country with contagious rapidityduring the last three months, is manifestly delusiveand spurious, exceptional cases to the contrary notwithstanding;because it has expressly excluded themillions in bondage from all consideration—has multipliedits converts as readily at the South as at theNorth—has excited no opposition in the midst ofuniversal, all-abounding corruption and proftigacy—has received the sanction and cooperation of themost pro-slavery divines and journals in the land—and has operated (as it was evidently designed) tostrengthen a Church which is 'the bulwark of slavery,and to divert attention from the work of practicalrighteousness. Resolved, That the 'revival of religion,' whichhas swept over the country with contagious rapidityduring the last three months, is manifestly delusiveand spurious, exceptional cases to the contrary notwithstanding;because it has expressly excluded themillions in bondage from all consideration—has multipliedits converts as readily at the South as at theNorth—has excited no opposition in the midst ofuniversal, all-abounding corruption and proftigacy—has received the sanction and cooperation of themost pro-slavery divines and journals in the land—and has operated (as it was evidently designed) tostrengthen a Church which is 'the bulwark of slavery,and to divert attention from the work of practicalrighteousness. 
