 The anniversary of this Society, which was held inNew York last week, and which has been looked towith intense Interest, for the indications that it mustnecessarily give of its relation to slavery, has nowshown, in an unmistakable manner, the correctnessof our statements for two years past, not only that thepro-slavery 'management' was a fair representativeof the position arid the wishes of the main body of theSociety, but that the protesting minority was small innumber, compromising in character, and utterly unreliableas to any exertion of their influence (whatthen is of it) against slavery. Two things have manifestly appeared in the variousmeetings of members of the Tract Society thathave just been held. First, that the protesting partywere thoroughly routed, defeated by an overwhelmingmajority upon every point which they broughtup for trial; next, that they were disgracefully andignominiously routed, having richly deserved this defeatby their want of principle as well as by their badmanagement, or rather their want of management. An immense crowd attended the meeting, and toinsure an unequivocal expression of the animus of theSociety by its vote, the floor of the house was reservedfor the exclusive occupancy of those members whowere allowed to vote by the present Executive Committee.We say allowed to vote, because the 'management'took the responsibility to reserve the lowerfloor of the house for male members and directors,'whose votes were to decide whatever questions shouldcome up, although large numbers of women lifemembers and life directors (so called) of the TractSociety, and ought to give their voice in the decisionwhether the twenty or the fifty dollars they have paidfor these fine-sounding names shall be used to sustainor to oppose slavery. animus allowed women life directors The first distinctive development as to whether thepro-slavery or the half-and-half men were in the ascendant,was on the resolution of Rev. Dr. Tyng to reaffirmthe milk-and-water resolution of last year, declaringit to be the duty of the Executive Committeeto publish tracts (not against slavery, but)'on thosemoral duties which grow out of the existence of slavery,as well as those moral evils and vices which it isknown to promote.' This resolution was voted downby about three to one, according to the estimate of theJournal of Commerce. against slavery Journal of Commerce. A resolution of Judge Jessup, similar in character,though of different phraseology, was alto to voted downby a large majority. A motion of Prof. Howard Crosby, that 'no tractbearing upon the relation of master and slave be issuedat present, and that the circulation of the tract 'Samboand Toney' be therefore stopped,' was laid en the tableby an immense majority. 'Sambo and Toney' ita pro-slavery tract, which has been in circulation aconsiderable time. be therefore stopped pro-slavery A resolution offered by John Jay, Esq., that 'nothingpublished by this Society shall countenance theidea that the Scriptures sanction the lawfulness of slavery,'was also laid on the table by a large majority. A resolution previously offered by Bishop McIlrvaineof Ohio, accepting the report of the Executive Committee,(which undertook to justify their pro-slaverycourse through the past year,) was then adapted by avery large majority. The election of officers for the waning year wasnext in order. The Boston 'American Tract Society' had sometime ago requested of its New York sister, that theNew England member of the New York PublishingCommittee might be chosen from the Committee ofthe Boston Society. The granting of this requestwould supersede South-aide Adams. Dr. Bacon now moved that this request be compliedwith, and that President Hopkins, of WilliamsCollege, be chosen in place of Nohsmith Adams, D.D., of Boston. The vote for officers was then taken, and every memberof the old Board was re-elected, South-side Adamsreceiving only fifty-two votes lets than the others. every memberof the old Board was re-elected Perseverance, however, overcomes many difficulties,especially when it is enforced by impudence; and avictory has sometimes been gained, by the beatenparty ignoring the fact that it is beaten, and movingforward to a new struggle, talking and acting as if ithad gained the victory in the former one. The Independentseems disposed to try what virtue then maybe in this proceeding, for its first bulletin to its defeatedfollowers bears this sonorous heading,— Independent With a cheerful and hilarious aspect, at if goingon from conquering to conquer, the Independent declaresits willingness to go before the public upon thenew issue which that year's meeting has raised, andwhich it states as follows. We give its items, addlingto such a word of comment:— Independent 1. The majority of the Tract Society meetingyesterday voted to approve the action [or inaction]of the Publishing Committee during the past year,though distinctly warned that, by that naked vote,they would virtually vescind the Resolutions of theCommittee of Fifteen, unanimously adopted in May,1857.' action vescind The majority voted this, did they? Well, wouldyou have the minority rule? In another part of yourpaper is a very energetic article, signed B., seriouslyprotesting against control exercised by a minority,and commencing with the emphatic question—' Arewe governed, or to be governed, by minorities?' Ifsuch government, is so much to be deprecated, whydon't you acquiesce in the vote of the majority, in acase like the above, where you confess it to have beenagainst you? majority But 'they were distinctly warned' of an opinionwhich you entertained respecting the purport andbearing of the Resolution of the Investigating Committee!What then? They entertained a differentopinion upon that matter, and they were right.Those Resolutions (of which you moved the acceptance,and with which you have ever since declaredyourself perfectly satisfied,) had two edges, equallysharp; the difference is, that the party in possessioncan use their edge, and make it effective. Theyhold the hilt of this two-edged sword. The edgethat you sharpened and polished with so much care,and for the sake of which you foolishly consented tolet the other edge remain, is utterly useless until youget hold of the hilt. They different you use their you '2. They refused to reaffirm the 6th resolution oflast year, declaring that the Society 'can and oughtto publish upon the mural duties which grow out ofthe existence of slavery, and the moral evils and viceswhich it is known to promote." refused to reaffirm the 6th resolution oflast year Why should they reaffirm it? They didn't insertthat Resolution in the series, didn't wish for it,didn't mean to act upon it. That Resolution wasput in by your party in this compromise, and youhave ever since been looking at it with a single eye,and refusing to see any meaning but its meaning inthe whole series. You thought you were nicely circumventingthose dear brethren, whose 'fidelity anddevotedness' you praised in the 8th Resolution, andwhose 'wisdom' you confidently trusted to in the9th; but they, all the time, kept their single eyeupon the opposite, and counterbalancing, and, as ithas proved, the preponderating set of phrases. Youadmitted one of these sets of phrases to amuse them,while you gained your own point. They admittedthe other act to amuse you, while they gained theirpoint. They outgeneraled you. WHY should theyreaffirm the 5th Resolution? It has served its purpose,and they have nothing more to do with it. their their HY they '3. When the tract called Samba and Toney, whichinstructs servants in their duties, and bids them 'obeytheir masters in all things,' was brought fairly beforethe meeting. the majority refused to vote to print a tracton the duties of masters, according to the New Testament.' servants obeytheir masters in all things refused to vote to print a tracton the duties of masters, according to the New Testament. Well, what them? The majority wished for nosuch tract. Were they to vote it because the minority,and so small a minority, wished it? wished '4. Finally, most of all, worst of all, they refusedto vote that no publication of the Society SHALL IMPLYTHE CHRISTIAN LAWFULNESS OF AMERICAN SLAVERY!' refusedto vote that no publication of the Society HRISTIAN LAWFULNESS OF MERICAN LAVERY Well, what of that! To do otherwise would be toact inconsistently with the whole of their past course.They prefer to imply the Christian lawfulness ofAmerican slavery. Entertaining (as you, a year ago,declared yourself to do,) 'a high respect for Dr. NehemiahAdams, as a Christian minister,' and unwilling(like you) to 'wound his sensibilities'—and regardingDr. Spring (as you call him even this year)as 'an honored and revered brother, a veneratedfather,' they UPMOLD the pro-slavery course pursuedby those men, instead of half-way trying to counteractit, as you do. And when you afterwards calltheir present position a 'new and revolutionary platform,'you utterly reverse the facts in the case. Theyhave acquiesced in slavery from the beginning of theSociety. They have always 'implied its Christianlawfulness,' You have succeeded in preventing themfrom mutilating any more tracts, because, (as themost sagacious will, now and then, make a slip,)they suffered the Resolutions to pass without anycounterbalancing clause about 'the widest and bestusefulness of the Society through our whole country:'but their disposition to favor slavery remains thesame; and if you expect them to make voluntaryconcessions upon that important point, grieving therighteous souls of their slaveholding members in theSouth, and of their pro-slavery members in theNorth, you make a very great mistake. that prefer high respect Christian this they always through our whole country voluntary But, you proceed to ask respecting the Secretariesand Agents who are shortly going forth to solicitfunds for the Tract Society— 'Will the churches receivethem? Will pastors admit them to their pulpits?'Why, poor blind brother, have you utterlylost your wits? Certainly they will receive them,and fill their pouches, as of yore. Of course theywill receive them. Will not that 'venerated father,'Dr. Spring, receive them? And is not Dr. Joseph P.Thompson his brother in Christ? Will not that'highly respected Christian minister,' Dr. SouthsideAdams, and his Southern brother with Southernprinciples, Dr. Blagden, receive them? And arenot Dr. Stone, and Dr. Baron Stow, and Mr. Richards,and Mr. Dexter, their brethren in Christ?Is Christ divided? And do you mean to stir updissension between Christian ministers who are nowwalking together in peace and amity? their But at some future time, we will look and seewhat union there is in your camp, and whether theminority have that unity of principle which is indispensableto such unity of action as will insure avictory. C.K.W. your 
