 The Washington (N. Carolina) Despatch of the14th inst., contains the following speech deliveredat a Festival of the Auxiliary Fire Department ofthat town. The speaker, John Randall, we learnis a slave, about 28 years old, 'an excellent, orderly,and respected man,' belonging to John Taylor. Despatch respected John Randall's Speech at the Auxiliary Fire DepartmentFestival. John Randall's Speech at the Auxiliary Fire DepartmentFestival. Gentlemen:—Public speaking is rather out of myline of business, and I had made up my mind thattonight, except when eating, I would keep mymouth shut, for I well know my inability to dojustice to the cause, or the occasion, or credit to myself.But I hope that my interest in the cause, anddiv exertions as one of the committee of arrangementsto make this occasion as pleasant and agreeableas possible to all, will be apology enough forme. I am, gentlemen, under many and lasting obligationsfor the honor conferred on me by callingme to preside over this respectable and intelligentassembly. A more pleasant task I never performed. Gentlemen If I were this night in New York or Boston, orany land of pretended liberty, presiding at someabolition or fanatic meeting, I should not feel myselfmore elevated, nor half so highly honored, as Inow feel. Don't think that I make this remark togain the good will or praise of any. I speak itfrom the honest convictions of my own mind, judgingit all by myself, that we are this night enjoyingourselves, to greater perfection, than any class ofmen,—I liked to have said white folks not excepted.We have but few cares to disturb the peace or ourminds; the heavy responsibilities of business mattersdoes not crowd so heavy upon our brain; ourthoughts are not so much occupied upon the accumulationof wealth, therefore our sleep is sound andrefreshing at night. Oar thoughts by day are lightand free, and we can think to-day how we shall enjoyto-morrow. The happiest man on earth is theChristian colored man, who has just troubles enoughto keep him in the constant discharge of his duty;and the performance of that makes him happy andcheerful. Not few nor light are the burdens of life; thenload it not with heaviness of spirit. Then are threechief rivers of despondency—sin, sorrow and fear.Sin is the deepest, sorrow hath its shallows, andfear is a great noisy rapid. But even in the darkesthole in guilt's profoundest river, hope can piercewith quickening ray, and all those depths are lighted. This very house I have seen on a former occasion,crowded with the wealth, the fair, and the beautyof Washington; but it has never before been crowded,with real happiness or pleasure, such as we coloredPeople enjoy. There are few towns, if any,where colored people have greater privileges of enjoyingthemselves in any civil way, than in Washington,the garden spot of South Carolina. Oursinging schools, temperance and charitable societies,and our fire companies, are ail good, moral, andperfectly harmless. Among the persons that composethem, there ma be some improper characters,but the institutions themselves are right. Then,gentlemen, let us use, and not abuse those things. To you, my brother firemen, are extended privilegesthat none others have. To you every citizen ofWashington, from the richest to the poorest, looksfor help, when that alarming, destructive and oftenthat unquenchable enemy—fire—is about to destroythem and all they have. Let them not look in vain.When the alarm is given, be not reluctant; but goand do your duty; fight as though you were fightingto save your own house and property. Do that,and we are apt to conquer, we'll have a supper; orat east we'll allow you the privilege of breakingthe pledge. We are yet in our infancy, and havenot a chance to show what we can do. But don'tbe discouraged. It m never too late, too soon, t00hot, nor too cold, for fires to break out. Then bewatchful, and always ready. In time of peace preparefor war. The white people generally are kind and indulgentto us, and this occasion is a clear demonstrationof this fact, and we owe them a debt of gratitude,that we can only repay by our obedience, politeness,good work and deportment. In conclusion, I willgive you as a sentiment: The Auxiliaries.—May the citizens of Washingtonproperly estimate and appreciate your exertionsto save their property from destruction by fire, andmay you ever prove yourselves worthy of the noticetaken of, and the respect showed to you by the firedepartment, and the citizens generally. The Auxiliaries. 
