 The following Report and Resolutions, on the subjectof Slavery, adopted at the Thirtieth Session ofthe 'SYNOD OF THE REFORMED PRESBYTERIAN CHURCHIN NORTH AMERICA,' held at Northwood, Logan Co.,Ohio, in May last, constitute the most direct and uncompromisingtestimony against 'the sum of all villanies'that has been delivered by say religious bodysince the days of JOHN WESLEY:— YNOD OF THE EFORMED RESBYTERIAN HURCH IN ORTH MERICA OHN ESLEY The Church of Christ, as a witnessing society,owes it to her Head, as well as to herself, to the nation,and to the oppressed millions in this land, toutter a plain, earnest, and uncompromising testimonyagainst slavery. As representatives of the churchin this land, we recognize ourselves as under the highestobligations to bear this testimony now, not onlybecause we alone, of all the religious denominationsin the United States, have occupied, and do occupythe only true anti-slavery position; viz: No unionwith slaveholders in either Church or State; but becausethat, during the past year, slavery has beenon the increase, and the Slave Power has made giantstrides of ursurpation in both the churches and thecommonwealth.' The voice of God, commandingus to open our mouths for the dumb; the tears andblood of the suffering slave; the prayers of the millions,who from their prison-house appeal to us forcompassion and help; and the command of our Redeemer,who came 'to proclaim liberty to the captives,'all call loudly upon us to renew our testimonyagainst the iniquitous system, and never to tirein our efforts until liberty is proclaimed throughoutall the land, to all the inhabitants thereof: therefore, No unionwith slaveholders in either Church or State Resolved, 1. That American slavery is an evil soenormous, a sin so heinous, and an outrage againstGod and humanity so infamous, that its proper condemnationcannot be characterized in words. Resolved 2. That Christianity, the Bible, and the gospel ofChrist, are in deadly hostility against slavery; andevery attempt on the part of professed Christians toprove that it is justifible, or has any sanction in theword of God, not only tends powerfully to lead toinfidelity, but is a gross outrage against our holyreligion, and an insult to the God of heaven. 3. That since slavery is the 'sum of all villianies,'and one of the most heinous sins against God andman, we hereby, as heretofore, bear testimonyagainst all those religious denominations which fellowshipslaveholders, as, at least in their positionon slavery, at war with Christ and his pure gospel;and, so long as the large and popular denominations,continue to fellowship man-stealers, and to honorthe advocates of slavery, we cannot hope that purereligion and undefiled can prevail, or that the nationcan be rescued from impending judgments, or speedilyapproaching destruction. 4. That no church is anti-slavery which admitsslaveholders, or the advocates of slavery, to hercommunion table; which admits pro-slavery ministersto her pulpits; nor is any church truly andconsistently anti-slavery,' however earnest her professions,which allows her members to vote for slaveholders,or, for those who swear to support or enforcepre-slavery constitutions and laws. 5. That all those reformatory associations, howevermuch good they may have done, such as theAmerican Tract Society and the American SundaySchool Union, which not only have refused to beara testimony against American slavery, and whichhave expurgated anti-slavery matter from books republished,but which elect them or their shatters tooffice in those societies, are thus arraigned on theside of oppression, and against the slave, andhence do not merit our voluntary support or co-operation. 6. That since the Constitution of the UnitedStates was framed and adopted in unholy compromiseswith slavery, and at the sacrifice of the rightsof the slave; and since the Union of the States, ofwhich the Constitution is the bond, continues theannihilation of the liberty of millions, to whoserights that Constitution and Union ore the greatestfoes, we regard all who ore parties to that Union,or supporters of the Constitution and government,however anti-slavery their sentiments or honesttheir purposes, as virtually sustaining the iniquitoussystem of slavery. 7. That the late decision of the U.S. SupremeCourt, by which Northern States may be desecratedby the presence of masters and slaves, and by whichit was declared that no one of African descent is acitizen of the U.S. Government, or can be entitled tothe privileges of a citizen, and that the negro has norights which the white man is bound to respect, is notonly infamously wicked beyond parallel, but in accordancewith the pro-slavery compromises of the Constitution,and the leading features of the government,and is another among many evidences that if we wereto identify ourselves with that government, which,with few exceptions, from the beginning, has actedin accordance with the spirit or this decision, wewould be false to both God and humanity. On thecontrary, we are resolved that, in this warfare nowgoing on between Liberty and Oppression, rememberingthem that are in bonds as bound with them,we will identify the interests of the slave with ourown, and utterly refuse to strike hands with the oppressorby swearing oaths of allegiance, holdingoffice, or exercising the elective franchise under theFederal or State governments. 8. That since slavery is a violation of the wholemoral law, directly antagonistical to the gospel of Jesus,and in deadly hostility to the kingdom ofChrist, so far is it from being a desecration of theSabbath, or beneath the dignity of the pulpit, topreach against this sin and declare the whole anti-slaverygospel, it is, on the other hand, the imperativeduty of the minister of Christ to pray muchin public for the slave, and to lift up his voice likea trumpet, in testimony against the damning sinand curse of American slavery, whether found inChurch or State. Moreover, that professed servantof Christ, who, through fear of man,from want of compassion for the slave on fromwhatever similar cause, does not, in season and outof season, in public and in private, plead the causeof the benighted and enslaved millions, is recreant tohis trust, and unworthy of the name of ambassadorof the compassionate Jesus. 9. We are cheered by the fact that, on this greatquestion, there is such a growing agitation as wellas rapid program in the right direction. This isevinced, in part, by the number of pulpits andpresses once silent on this subject, but which nowspeak out boldly in behalf of the slave. Nor arethe indications few that the God of Sabbath is aboutto arise, and avenge the wrongs done to the oppressed;and, notwithstanding the alarming usurpationsof the Slave Power, we see indications that the overthrowof slavery is near at hand. For all these,we would thank God and take courage. 10. That there is an urgent call for more effort topublish and circulate books, tracts and papers,maintaining our distinctive principles connected withthis and other questions; and we believe the timehas fully come when the church needs and is able tomaintain a weekly newspaper, testifying to thewhole anti-slavery truth, uncontaminated by any ofthe prevailing errors, and containing such matterand general intelligence as the interests of our familiesdemand. 11. That the great work to which we as an anti-slaverychurch are called, is not the repeal of theFugitive Slave Law; not to limit the area of slavery;not to prevent the admission of new slave States;not to make Kansas a free State; not to put thecontrol of the government into the hands of northernmen; but to rectify public opinion, and especiallythe public religious sentiment of the land;to secure the emancipation of every slave, and theestablishment of a righteous and scriptural government,the great object of whose constitution, laws,and administration shall be the glory of God in thebest interests of the church, and the greatest goodof all the people. 12. Assured of the correctness and practicabilityof our position, as disconnected with all associations,civil or ecclesiastical, which give voluntary supportor sanction to slavery; and strong in the faith thatthe truths we maintain will yet prevail, and thatthe arm of the Lord will soon be revealed in the deliveranceof the oppressed, and the triumph of truthand right, we hereby resolve that, in the strength ofour Almighty King, we will continue to plead, withmore and more earnestness and zeal, the rights ofGod and man, until the kingdom of Christ shallcome, and the millions now in chains unite with usin the song of universal jubilee. Respectfully submitted. N.R. JOHNSTON, Chairman. OHNSTON ☞Commenting on this strong and explicit testimonyof the Synod against Slavery, 'THE COVENANTER'says:— HE OVENANTER 'The report on Slavery is full, earnest, pointed.It takes—as the times require—high ground. Somemay object to the reluctance which it manifests toacknowledge the anti-slavery character of anychurch which tolerates its members in voting forcivil officers under the United States Constitution.But we could say no less. That Constitution weknow to have proslavery clauses. We also knowthat members of Congress vote for the payments ofmoneys expended p info-slavery decisions of courts,and in the re-capture of fugitives; and that fromthe President down, the entire mass of federal executiveofficers an more or less concerned—judges,marshals, and aids—in executing such laws as theFugitive Slave Law. To vote, under such circumstances,is to uphold with the hand, what they aretrying to blow away with their mouths. Evenshould the voting anti-slavery man put in a President,he must become involved in slavery, by executingslave-catching laws, and by appointing slaveholdersto office. The position of the report is easilydefensible.' know know 
