 We have just received authentic intelligence fromKansas that the Abolitionists in that territory arein a state of rebellion, and upon" the verge of committingacts of treason. The proclamation ofGovernor Walker, which we give below, addressedas the people of the city of Lawrence, explains thecharacter of this proceeding, and warns them of theconsequences, if they proceed in a course of rebellionsdefiance to the laws. He declares that theissue of the Territory will be executed. The pledgeof the General Government, and his oath of office,well oblige him to employ the whole force of thatGovernment, if necessary, to carry out those pledges,and see that the laws are carried into effect. Weare advised that the troops at Leavenworth thatwere about to march to Utah have been ordered tomove upon Lawrence, and that Governor Walkerwill accompany them. This shows that he is inearnest, and that he means to do his duty promptly.Brother Beecher thought that the logic of Sharpe'srifles was more convincing than the Bible, when usedagainst Border Ruffians; and we are not withoutfaith in the convincing influence of the same speciesof argument when addressed to rebellions abolitioniststhrough Minnie muskets. Indeed, it seems to beadmitted that no other argument will do. GovernorWalker has done every thing that man could do, togive confidence to the people of Kansas, to restorepeace and quiet to the Territory, to protect therights of all, to execute the laws fairly and justly,and to carry out the just and proper policy of thegovernment. He gave them assurances of this inhis inaugural address, in his speeches, and in hispersonal interviews and conversations. So anxiouswas he to satisfy these mad fanatics of his fair intentions,and of the justice and good faith of hisgovernment, and to take away from them every causeor shadow of excuse for discontent and resistanceto the laws, that, in the judgment of many, he wentfurther than was fairly warranted by his instructions.His anxiety in this respect was so great thatit subjected him to censure and abuse. A smallportion of the South thought that they saw in hisanxious efforts to conciliate the abolitionists a betrayalof their peculiar interests, and straightwaydenounced him as a traitor and violator of a mostsacred trust—with what justice, the argument whichwe have already adduced, and the present attitudeof the abolitionists in Kansas, very fully show.In the presence of the great difficulties to be overcome,surrounded by men disaffected to him and tothe government that sent him there, he shaped hiscourse, and initiated a policy so just and fair in itself,that, if carried put faithfully, it would takefrom them every plausible pretext for further resistanceto the laws. But yet it has not satisfied them.They think that he has conceded too little: thealarmists of the South think that he has concededtoo much,—and thus he is assailed by the one, andresisted by the other; but the opinion of the peopleof the country is, that he meant to do right, andthey will sustain him. Certain it is, that the lawsof the Territory will be executed, and the policy ofthe government carried out to its fullest extent. Our political friends at the South, who have castcensure upon Governor Walker, must see, in thisproclamation, a determination on his part to maintainthe laws, while he is exerting himself for thepeaceable solution of the Kansas difficulties. Theyhave evidently mistaken the man, if they have atany time supposed that his sympathies were withthe abolitionists of that Territory. All doubtsshould now be removed. 
