 LEAVENWORTH, July 15, 1857. I have learnedthat a considerable number of the citizens of Lawrence,in this territory, have adopted, as they claim,by a popular vote, a charter for their local government.A copy of that charter has been placed inmy hands: upon comparing which with that grantedby the Territorial Legislature, last winter, I findthat they differ intentionally in many essential particulars.The new charter, then, is set up, not onlywithout any authority of law, but in direct andopen defiance an act of the Territorial Legislaturea the same subject. EAVENWORTH   You have chosen to disregard the laws of Congress,and the Territorial government created by it,and, while professing to acknowledge a State governmentrejected by Congress, and which can thereforeexist only by a successful rebellion, and exactingfrom all your officers the perilous and sacrilegiousoath to support the so-called State Constitution:yet you have, even in defiance of the so-calledState Legislature which refused to grant youa chapter, proceeded to create a local government ofyour own, based only upon insurrection and revolution.The very oath which you require from allyour officers to support your so-called Topeka StateConstitution, is violated in the very act of puttinginto operation a charter rejected even by them. A rebellion so iniquitous, and necessarily involvingeach awful consequences, has never before dispgracedany age or country. Permit me to call your attention, as still claimingto be citizens of the United States, to the results ofyour revolutionary proceedings. You are inauguratingrebellion and revolution; you are disregardingthe laws of Congress and of the TerritorialGovernment, and defying their authority. You areinspiring to overthow the government of the UnitedStates in this Territory. Your purpose, if carried into effect in the modedesignated by you, by putting your laws forciblyinto execution, would involve you in the guilt andsome of treason. You stand now, fellow-citizens,as the brink of an awful precipice, and it becomesme to warn you ere you take the fatal leapsee the gulf below. If your proceedings are noterected, you will necessarily destroy the peace ofthe Territory, and involve it in all the horrors ofcivil war. I warn you, then, before it is too late, torecede from the perilous position in which you nowstand. I appeal once more to your reason and patriotism.I ask you, in the name of our common country, inthe name of the Constitution and of the Union, todesist from this rebellion. I appeal once more toyour love of country, your regard for its peace,prosperity and reputation, to your affection for yourwife and children, and to all those patriotic motiveswhich ought to influence American citizens, toabandon this contemplated revolution. If you havewrongs, redress them through the peaceful instrumentalityof the ballot-box, in the mode prescribedby the laws of your country. As all arguments heretofore so often addressedby me to you have failed as yet to produce any effectupon you, I have deemed it necessary for yoursafety, and that of the Territory, and to save youfrom the perilous consequences of your own acts,under the authority vested in me by the Presidentof the United States, to order an adequate force ofthe troops of the United States into your immediatevicinage, to perform the painful duty of arrestingyour revolutionary proceedings. Let me imploreyou not to compel me to appeal to that militarypower which is required, in the last resort, to protestthe government of our country. You cannotcarry your rebellious purposes into effect withoutcoming into unavoidable and open conflict with thetroops and government of the United States. Let me adjure you, then, once more, to abandonabove proceedings before you involve yourselves inthe crime of treason, and subject the people of thecity of Lawrence to all the horrors and calamitiesof insurrection and civil war. If you will now desist from the projected revolution,the past will be forgotten as for as practicable:but if you persist in passing these laws, and.carrying them into execution, thus defying and supersedingthe government of your country, the deplorableconsequences must be upon your heads, andthese of your associates. It will be my purpose, if you still persist, to spareall bloodshed as far as practicable, and subject thelanders and projectors of this revolutionary movementto the punishment prescribed by law. Iwill accompany the troops to Lawrence, with aview to prevent, if possible, any conflict, and in thesincere hope that the revolutionary movement contemplatedby you, and now so nearly accomplished,will are it be too late, be abandoned by you. If you can be influenced by no other motive, theevident fact that the power of the government is adequateto prevent the accomplishment of your purpose,should induce you to desist from those proceedings. That the same overruling Providence who holdsin his hands the destiny of our beloved country,may now incline your hearts to peace, and influenceyou so abandon this fatal enterprise, is the sinceremade of your fellow-citizen, R.J. WALKER, Governor of Kansas Territory. Governor of Kansas Territory. 
