 We call the particular attention of all our readers,and especially of all members of the MethodistEpiscopal churches in our city, to the follow facts. facts. The Rev. John Digon Long is a reputable andirreproachable minister of the Methodist EpiscopalChurch, and a member in full standing of the PhiladelphiaAnnual Conference of that Church. Hewas born, and has lived, until a few months ago, inthe State of Maryland. He was reared in the midstof slavery. His father was a slaveholder, and allif Mr. Long's connections, associations, experiencesand observations have hitherto been in Maryland.Mr. Long, whose ill health has, for a year or twopast, compelled him to desist from the more activelabors of the Methodist ministry, has employed hisleisure in writing a book, called 'PICTURES OF SLAVERYIN CHURCH AND STATE.' This book has recentlybeen published, and is nothing else than aplain, simple, modest, and unvarnished statement ofwhat he has seen of negro slavery, what he knowsabout it, and what he thinks of it as a man and aChristian. Without any pretence to beauty ofstyle or profound thought, Mr. Long's book is thestraightforward narrative and utterance of an honestand earnest disciple of Him who came 'to proclaimliberty to the captive.' No one can read the bookwithout being profoundly impressed with its humble,decorous, gentlemanly and religious tone. Everyword in it breathes of piety, good-will, gentlenessand courtesy. Not a word in it can possiblyoffend the most fastidious taste or morality. ICTURES OF LAVERYIN HURCH AND TATE. But the book speaks of slavery as it is, and as agood man views it. Of course, then, the book isstrongly opposed to and condemns slavery. It is ananti-slavery work. slavery as it is, and as agood man views it. Now, the Philadelphia Annual Conference of theMethodist Episcopal Church in the United Statesmaintains a Conference Tract Society. The objectof this Society is to publish and disseminate, gratuitouslyand otherwise, books, publications, andtracts, in favor of Christianity, pure morals, and thepeculiarities of Methodist doctrine and discipline.This Society has a Depository or book-store at No.119 North Sixth street, above Arch, where many ormost of the principal evangelical religious and moralbooks of the day are kept for sale. The Rev. AndrewManship is the Agent for the Tract Society. Some four weeks ago, the Rev. Mr. Long tookseveral copies of his book to the Tract Society bookstore,and requested that they should be sold thereon commission, just as they sold other books in asimilar way. Mr. Manship positively refused to allowthis. Mr. Long then made the same request ofthe Board of Managers of the Society, or of some ofthem; but this second request was also refused bya quorum of Managers, consisting of Mr. Manship,James B. Longacre, Req., (who is an engraver andemployee in the United States Mint, where they issuethe latest coinage with the word 'liberty' crazed,)and Colson Heiskell, Esq., a wealthy Market streetmerchant, who probably sells goods to Southern customers. who is an engraver andemployee in the United States Mint, where they issuethe latest coinage with the word 'liberty' crazed It will be observed that the Philadelphia ConferenceTract Society, or rather its pro-slavery Managers,exclude from their book-store a decorous religiousbook, written by a Methodist writer of thebest standing, simple because the book condemns negroslavery as wrong. simple because the book condemns negroslavery as wrong. Now, mark the reverse of this picture. Every one has heard of the notorious 'parsonBrownlew,' pf Tennessee. He was once an itinerantMethodist preacher; he is now a 'local preacher'of the Methodist Church South,'—that is, theMethodist Southern Church, which seceded from theold Church because it would not allow its bishops tohold slaves. This Brownlow is infamous all overthe Union for his proverbial and unequalled bitternessand scurrility as a politician. But he alsodabbles in oterlogical warfare. In reply to someslang-whang attack on Methodist peculiarities, byone Graves, called 'The Great Iron Wheel,' thisBrownlow has gotten up a reply called 'The GreatIron Wheel Examined.' This precious productionof Brownlow is crammed with the most loathsomeabuse of his opponent, with the most indecent obscenity,with incitements to revenge, fighting, lynching,and rioting, and winds up with a defence of humanslavery, as perfectly and eternally right. defence of humanslavery, as perfectly and eternally right. Now, be it observed, that this book of Brownlowhas been and is regularly and publicly exposed for sale,and sold at this very Tracy book-store! Now, be it observed, that this book of Brownlowhas been and is regularly and publicly exposed for sale,and sold at this very Tracy book-store! We subjoin some gems from this book, dinatedby the agency of the Philadelphia ConferenceSociety:—  'I was engaged in defense of one of the politicalportion of the country, and in promoting the internalimprovement schemes of our State, and did not chooseto occupy my columns in a controversy of this kindwith a humiliating spectacle of vice and depravity, literallycrawling in the dust of contention! This unwillingnessof mine to beady epithets with an inflatedvometer, whose basin I believed to be a mass of living,eeping, crawling, writhing, twisting, turning,loathsome vermin, he politely construed into a wantof courage on my part to encounter the caitiff of theTennessee Baptist. I confess to a want of moral courageto meet one who eats carrion like the buzzard, andthen vomits the mass of corruption upon decent humanbeings. vometer   courage caitiff Baptist. a clerical blackguard, a clerical blackguard whose grovelling passions assume full away on all occasions,and whose innumerable moral delinquenciesare enveloped in clouds of moral prostitution—lost toevery truly Christian restraint, degraded in his taste,immoral in some of his practices, villanous in his nature,corrupt in his principles, sold to the enemy ofGod and man, and displaying, in all his hideous deformity,how pitiful, how sordid, how little and howwretched is this apology for a Christian minister!'. Speaking of the Rev. F.A. Ross, now notoriousin the Presbyterian Church, he says: 'Mr. Ross, of himself, is a low-bred, false-hearted,adulterous and unprincipled free negro, unworthy ofthe notice of a man of the high standing and literaryrank of the President of Emery and Henry College.' free negro Methodists of the Old Church, hear Brownlow onthe separation of 1844:— 'Graves ridicules the Methodist Church for theseparation which took place in 1844, and attributes thecause to the government of the Church, and the ambitionof a corrupt and designing ministry! Thatwas a glorious act on the part of the MethodistChurch, and a proud day in her history. It was theAbolitionists of the North who rent in twain theMethodist Church, in 1844. I will let Mr. Calhounstate the case, as he did in his dying speech in theUnited States Senate, on the 4th of March, 1850.He was posted on the slavery question, in all itsbearings. Speaking of the effect of the Abolition agitationupon the religious cords which assisted in holdingthe Union together, he said: ridicules Abolitionists dying speech '"The first of these cords which snapped under itsexplosive force (Abolitionism) was that of the powerfulMethodist Episcopal Church. The numerous andstrong ties which hold it together are all broke, andits unity gone."' Read the following attempt to excite slaveholdingprejudice and mobbing against Graves:— mobbing 'And now, people of the South, why is it that ElderGraves can publish a book of 570 pages north ofMason and Dixon's line, WHERE HE WAS BORN,and discuss so many different subjects, some of themgrowing directly out of the slavery agitation, andnever say one word AGAINST ABOLITIONISM,or one word in favor of SOUTHERN SLAVERY?After leaving New England, it is said that he took uphis abode in the "Western Reserve,' in Ohio, and inIndiana, the great theatre o free-soilism! It hasmoreover, been said of him that he was an Abolitionist before he came here to reside! One thing is certain—he keeps very dark upon this grave question,and ought to be made to come out explicitly, if heconcludes to take up his permanent abode in theSouth. Abolitionist keeps very dark 'We are on the eve of unconjecturable events, andevery Southern man ought to snow his hand. Lookat the conduct of Congress! A struggle of unequalledfury is swiftly approaching us; and if the ties ofour cherished Union come out of it unrent, they aremade of sterner stuff than the history of the pastwould seem to warrant! The bonds of the Unionhave resisted political agitation, but can they withstandreligious fuzy? Abolitionism has travelledfrom political dominion to religious conviction, andhas infected the whole mind and heart of the NorthUnder its palsying touch, some of the strongest cordsthat held the Union together have snapped, others arenow assailed, and I fear will give way. Elder Gravesis suspected of unsoundness on this question; and ifthese suspicions are well-grounded, as I have reasonto fear they are, he is a dangerous man to be operatingin the South.' Again: 'The Southern portion of the Methodist Churchhad no other alternative left them but to separatefrom their Free Soil brethren of the North; and, as aSouthern man, I endorse their act of separation mostheartily.' Southern Read the following appeal to Southern mobs: mobs: 'And the people of the South should require thisadopted citizen, Elder Graves, to state, in unmistakableterms, whether or not he now entertains the samefeelings and views touching the great slavery question,that he did while a citizen of the "Western Reserve"in Ohio, where Abolitionism is a trade withnine tenths of the inhabitants. Let Mr. Graves be interrogated,and forced to define his position at once, orleave the South in hot haste!' adopted citizen trade Let Mr. Graves be interrogated,and forced to define his position at once, orleave the South in hot haste!' Republican Methodists, read this: 'The slavery agitation, that had been buried by theCompromise acts of 1850, is snow lifting its head,and, under the piratical flag of "Black Republicanism,"asserting the rights of "human liberty"; herinfernal altars smoke with fresh incense, and enlistingin her defence are scores of designing men in theSouth—some filling pulpits, some occupying high positionsin colleges and academies, and who, thoughamong us, are "not of us," our Southern friends mayrest assured!' Again: 'I believe that the primitive Christian held slavesin bondage, and that the apostles favored slavery byadmitting slaveholders into the Church, and by promotingthem to official positions in the Church. Andwhy do I believe all this? Because I am sustained inthese positions by uninterrupted historical testimony!I have seen similar views, only not quite so strong,urged by gentlemen who even go against slavery, asit exists in the South—among whom I  the Rev.Dr. Durbin, a gentlemen of great learning, extensiveresearch, and of undoubted piety. He boldly affirmsthat slaveholders were admitted into the apostolicchurches, in an elaborate paper which appeared inthe New York Christian Advocate, and Journal, inDecember, 1855. I took the same ground in a newspapercontroversy with an Ohio abolitionist, eventhree years ago!  Christian Advocate, and Journal On the abstract question of slavery, hear the preciousparson:— 'Secondly, The early Church not only admitted theexistence of slavery, but in various ways, by herteachings and discipline, expressed her approbation ofit, enforcing the observance of certain Fugitive SlaveLaws, which had been enacted by the State. approbation Fugitive SlaveLaws 'Thirdly, My investigations of this subject haveled me regularly, gradually, certainly to the conclusion,that God intended the relation of master andslave to exist.   'Fifthly, Slavery having existed ever since thefirst organization of the Church, the Scriptures clearlyteach that it will exist even to the end of time. 'In conclusion, the Methodist Church, South, occupiestrue Scriptural ground upon the subject of slavery,and is now exercising proper Christian authorityover her slaveholding members, enforcing theduties which grow out of the relation of a Christianmaster of his defendant slavé, whether the letter bereligious or irreligious, and out of the relations of bothto the Church.' Christianmaster of his defendant slavé On page 260 is a picture representing Graves inthe act of changing his clothes before ladies? On page 263 is a picture representing a man inthe act of beating another. As an accompanimentto the picture, Brownlow says:— 'It was in the month of September, 1853, just beforethe meeting of the Legislature, that ex-Memberof Congress and an able lawyer followed himround the square, until he found him at a drug-storeoccupied by a member of the Baptist church, andthere and then did chastise and publicly oans the aforesaidJ.R. Graves—a scone which the reader willherewith find represented by an appropriate engraving.This was for slandering a female of reputablestanding, through the editorial columns of his vilepaper, to the detriment of food morals, and in violationof the decencies of private life.... This is theman who boasts of his arduous labors in the cause ofGod, and of his toils and sufferings for the gospel'ssake! His professed consciousness of a well-spent lifeis in fact a living lie! Look at his deeds! oans living lie! And this book—this vile, obscene, rowdy book—this book that justifies slavery and ruffianism, is soldand spread by the very gentry who are too squeamishto allow the sale of Mr. Long's book! this squeamish Messrs. Manship, Longacre, Helakell &Co., areyou not ashamed of yourselves? Is it thus thatyou diffuse morality and religion? Out upon yourmiserable doughfacery, which is so craven that ittrembles at the bare apprehension of your Southernmaster's frown! Shame on ye! Glorious, brave,heroic old John Wesley—he who hated slavery asthe 'sum of all villanies'—would refuse to own yeas his followers! Sainted shades of Asbury, Coke,Abbott, Emory, Watson and Fletcher—who were inyouo days such brave denouncers of all sin, slaveryincluded—have your successors come to be suchcowards that they dare not denounce a hellish wrongfor fear of persecution or temporal loss? thus you all cowards dare hellish wrong We intend no disrespect to Methodism. We revereand love that Church, and have every reason todo so. Nearly all its members and ministers in theFree States are staunch Republicans. Philadelphiais an exception. But it is for the members andministry of the Philadelphia Conference to any,whether they will tamely submit to have a book ofone of their members ostracized by the pro-slaveryfanaticism or the unmanly cowardice of a few Managersof their Tract Society. 
