 On the 27th of August, there is to be a meeting,at Washington, of Southern New School PresbyterianMinisters, who can no longer abide the heresyof their Northern brethren, that it is a sin to holdslaves. The twenty gentlemen, who, under the leadof Dr. Ross, took their hats and marched out of theAssembly at Cleveland, after entering their protestthat it is not a sin in the sight of God for an Americanminister to hold his own Christian brothers inbondage, have called upon the Southern Christiansto come up to the Capital and establish a pure SouthernAssembly. The Hanover Presbytery, Virginia, has respondedto the call by electing a large number of delegates,clerical and lay members. We dare say that allfairness was used in the election of delegates, but asa matter of curiosity we should like to know if anyof the 'plantation brethren' were among the laymembers elected. If there were none, a good reasonfor the omission undoubtedly will be found in thefact that it is a busy time just now with the hands,and the beloved brethren cannot be spared to go upto Washington to deliberate with their whiter-huedbrethren upon church matters. The tobacco cropmust be looked after, and the cotton-picking is athand, so that upon the whole there may be reasonin keeping them at home. Therefore, we take itfor granted that the Christians who contentedlywork, year in and year out, in the tobacco and cottonfields, for a living, without troubling their headabout church matters, will not be present to endorsethe protest entered by their brethren at Cleveland.It is unfortunate that the meeting is coming off inthe hurried season, for the plantation brethrenwould, if they could attend, be worth everything aspractical exponents of the blessed system of bondageand Christian fellowship which is to be the basisof the new Southern Assembly. Speeches fromBrothers Tom, Joe and Jerry, setting forth thatslavery is not a sin, but a righteous relation betweenChristians, would, like a thunder clap, knock abolitionismout of the Northern churches. Practicalreligious experience of that sort would forever silencethe agitators! The religious and political pro-slavery press is bewailingthis unhappy rupture in the church. It is,they say, the sundering of another of the cords thatkeep the Federal Union from crumbling to atoms.It is, also, an additional encroachment of fanaticism;another step to crush the South—to takeaway her rights and degrade her from her properposition. The New York Herald, among other politicalprints, is under great concern of mind; itsreligious convictions are awakened to a column articleof jeremiads; but it finds consolation at last inthe belief that 'though political parties North andSouth may explode into fragments, and churches ofa national organization may split into sectionalchurches, but that in every exigency of danger, theintelligence and common sense of the people will beequal to the danger against the Union.' It predictsmost terrible convulsions in the political and religiousworld prior to 1860, but believes that 'thepolicy of Mr. Buchanan, the religion of conciliationand the bonds of the Union will still prevail.'So the Union is safe, and is not going to be dissolved,after all. We are glad to record the testimony.The cry of the Union in danger will be less terribleto the public hereafter. Even the success of theRepublican party in 1860 is not going to dissolve it? Herald We see it stated by a portion of the religiouspress that the Assembly at Washington will not beheld. It is said that there is not sufficient vitalityand substance in the secession to form a nucleus;beside, that Dr. Ross is not looked upon as being theproper person to lead off in the matter. We areinclined to think otherwise; for those who boltedthe hereby at Cleveland evidently have too muchspirit to be muffed out of existence as a religiousbody, so easily. Meanwhile, the New School ChurchNorth, does not take the matter to heart. The cancerhas dropped off of itself, thereby saving thebody corporate much future sickness. Judging fromthe tone of the Northern religious press, the NewSchool Assembly evidently face relieved. The spiritof contention which has all but paralyzed the Assemblyfor efficient action in the past, henceforthwill not be seen in its deliberation; and it  reasonableto suppose that with the burden of from its shoulders, it will be more efficient to its administrationsof good in the futureBut if the seceding Southern ministers desire toestablish the principle for which they are contending,they can do no better than to elect Tom, Joeand Jerry, and other plantation brethren, to attendthe Washington meeting, and bear testimony to thepractical workings of the blessed and beneficentChristian institution of American slavery. By allmeans, they should be present, to protest againstthe heresy that Southern slavery to a sin. Will thepresbyteries yet to elect delegates see to it that theplantation branch of the church to well represented?    
