 In oar last number, we announced the probabilitythat the approaching annual meeting of the MassachusettsAnti-Slavery Society, in this city, would beriotously assaulted, in consequence of its official outlawryin advance by Mayor Wight man, and the malignantefforts of the Courier to stir up every thingvile and brutal in opposition to its proceedings. Whatwe anticipated was more than realized on Thursdayand Friday last. Being thus invited and stimulatedto do their worst, with an assurance that they coulddo so with impunity, rowdies and ruffians of everystripe gathered from North street and Beacon street,and the surrounding regions,—shoulder-hitters, pimps,gamblers, pickpockets, &C &C,—and during the forenoonand afternoon of the first day were allowed toenact scenes to be paralleled only in Pandemoniumbellowing like beasts, hissing like serpents, yelling likefiends, full of whiskey and blasphemy, lost to all senseof decency, and writhing like the demons of old in thepresence of Jesus, toe world's Liberator. There wasno waiting to see what sentiments might be advancedfrom the platform; it made no difference who thespeaker was,—Ralph Waldo Emerson, (who has moreintellect in his little finger than the whole crowd ofrioters carried in their heads,) James Freeman Clarke,Wendell Phillips, Thomas Wentworth Higginson,Charles C. Burleigh, George H. Hoyt, all were hissedand bowled at alike; and an audience of two thousandmen and women, such as only Massachusetts canproduce for solid character and high moral worth,combined with rare general intelligence and the broadestphilanthropy, were thus insulted and outraged,hour after hour, the police looking on passively, becausewithout instructions to act, except for a fewminutes in the afternoon, and thus by their very presenceand inaction encouraging the shameful uproar.Intermingled with this rowdy gang were the sons of"the first families," and a large number of clerks fromFranklin street and other parts of the city, each endeavoringto outstrip the Irish ragamuffins (who werenumerously represented on the occasion) in senselessclamor and indecent behavior. Courier The manner in which this dastardly invasion oftheir legal rights was met by the great assembly, convenedthere for a high and holy purpose, was admirablethroughout In the midst of the wildest tumultand the most ferocious demonstrations, they were patient,calm, serene, unmoved — the noble body ofwomen, in particular, exhibiting the truest heroismand the most entire self-possession. The contrast betweenthe galleries and the floor and the platform ofthe Temple was as great as could be exhibited betweenvice and virtue, mental imbecility and the highestintellectual development, moral degradation andspiritual growth, measureless vulgarity and the mostperfect refinement of manners. According to theCourier, (whose editors daily write themselves downthe most unscrupulous of villains,) the orderly assemblywere "a seditious mob," "outraging the reasonand decent feeling of the community," who had"no right to ask the protection of the laws," whilethe howling wretches and desperate cut-throats whoattempted to break up the meeting were the representativesof "law and order," and the champions ofthe Christian faith and of " our glorious Union"! Courier Neither Mr. Richard S. Fay nor Mr. J. MurrayHowe was seen among the rioters. They did not darepresent themselves, but, doubtless, were active as wirepullerbehind the scene, with others equally M respectable,"and equally unprincipled. That Senatorial ruffian,Hon. (!) Lucius Slade, who wrote to a Georgian,a few weeks since, to this effect— "A John Brownmeeting cannot be held in Boston now, any more thanit could in Atlanta— we have got a moot powerful organizationhere, which will be heard from in due time" —was,no doubt, busy with his secret conspirators to carry outhis atrocious declaration. we have got a moot powerful organizationhere, which will be heard from in due time The most guilty of all these rioters was MayorWightman, who stands before the community guiltyof the most flagrant violation of his oath of office, andthe basest and most sneaking usurpation of power.With a falsehood upon his lips, he attempted to breakup the afternoon meeting, pretending to have authorityfrom the Trustees of the Temple for so doing; but,being compelled to read their request to him, be stoodconvicted before the vast assembly, the derision of hisown partisans, and the contempt and scorn of the orderlyportion. Caught in his own trap, be was forcedto clear the gallery at the order of the Chairman, andthus "to make a virtue of necessity." But be immediatelyretired to his office, and thence issued hisimperious mandate to the police to close the Temple,and prevent further meetings; and the deed of violencewas done. It will be seen, by the proceedings in precedingpages, that the Abolitionists, while in session, wereneither broken up nor intimidated in any degree; andthe speakers continued to be heard, from time to time,to the edification and delight of all these present who"reject with indignation the wild and guilty phantasy,that man can hold property in man." We have many additional comments to make uponthis riot, but lack of space forbids, this week. 
