 MASS. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,Friday Afternoon, Jan. 25th, 1861. ASS. OUSE OF EPRESENTATIVES Immediately upon the completion of the calendarbusiness, Mr. TYLER, of Boston, moved that the Houseadjourn. Lost—84 year, 112 nays. YLER Mr. PARKER, of Worceter, asked leave to introducea bill for the consideration of the House. There arefacts, he said, that are known to every member of theHouse, which do not need to be enlarged upon at all,but which call upon this Legislature for prompt andimmediate action for the protection of one of the fundamentalrights of every citizen of this Commonwealth.This call upon the Legislature should be promptly respondedto here. When, two days ago, an order wasintroduced, looking to the establishment of a MetropolitanPolice system far Boston, I felt as I know manymembers of this Legislature did, that Boston—of whosefair fame every citizen of New England is proud—Ifelt that then was no necessity for such a measure asthat. But at a matter of courtesy. I was in favor ofconcurring with the Senate. I must say, I littledreamed then that anything would arise in this oldstate capital of oar own Commonwealth—this citythat gave birth to Adams and Hancock—which couldin any degree justify such a measure. But God savethe mark! The Athens of America—as it is called—this capital of the Commonwealth in which the doctrinesof the Declaration of Independence had theirbirth, has refused protection to the citizens of theState, and of the city, when they demanded protectionin the exercise of the right of discussing these questionswhich agitate the country at the present time.Personally I have not the least sympathy with thosepersons who belong to that society. I think the treasonthey preach is as reprehensible as the treason ofToombs and Yancey, with this exception, that theirtreason is for the take of freedom, while the treasonof Toombs is for the sake of slavery. Now, air, thebill which I hold in my hand, and which I ask permissionof the House to Introduce, looks to this purpose—that when any city or town shall, by the petition oftwelve persons, say to the Governor of the Commonwealththat they fear that a legal meeting will bebroken up, he may order the Sheriff of the County orthe local militia to interfere to preserve the peace. Ityesterday, that had been the law of the land, our oldCommonwealth of Massachusetts, and the city of Boston,would not have been disgraced by an attempt toout down by brute force a legal meeting of citizens.Mr. PARKER then read the bill as follows:— ARKER ARKER A Bill to Ensure and Protect Urn Freedom of Speech. A Bill to Ensure and Protect Urn Freedom of Speech. SECTION 1. Chapter 164 of the General Statutes, entitled,"Of Offenses against the Public Peace," be and ishereby so amended that the Governor of the Commonwealthsnail, at the request of twelve or more citizens of any cityor town of the State, who desire to hold a lawful publicmeeting, and fear a riot or tumultuous and disorderly assemblage,have power to order the Sheriff of the county inwhich such meeting is to be held, or the active militia locatedtherein, to proceed to the place of the threatened riotor tumultuous assemblage, mentioned in section 1, chapter164, and there exercise all the powers given to the civil andmilitary authority, in said chapter 164, for the suppressionof all attempts to disturb the public peace or abridgethe freedom of speech. ECTION SEC. 2. This act shall take effect immediately. EC. Leave to introduce was granted without a count, andthe bill was referred to the Judiciary Committee. The SPEAKER—Mr. FISK, of Shelburne, asks leaveto introduce the following resolve. (Head by theClerk,):— PEAKER ISK Whereas, the Declaration of Rights of the Commonwealthof Massachusetts solemnly declares that the peoplehave a right, in an orderly and peaceable manner, to assembleand consult upon the common good; and Whereas, the members of the Massachusetts Anti-SlaverySociety, which assembled yesterday in an orderly andpeaceable manner, at a Hall leased by them in the city ofBoston, for the purpose of holding the 29th anniversary ofthe formation of their association, were disgracefully disturbedby a mob of lawless men; and Whereas, the Mayor of the said city of Boston did neglectto preserve the peace and quiet of the Society so convened,and did, without leave or authority of the officersof said Society, close the doors of the Hall so leased, therebydepriving the members of said Society of their right toassemble in a peaceable and orderly manner; and Whereas, the members of said Society, by reason of beingdeprived of their just rights, have been unable to transactin a proper manner the business for which they warethus convened; therefore, Resolved, That the use of the Representatives' Hall betendered to the officers of the Massachusetts Anti-SlaverySociety for the purpose of holding a session this, Friday,evening. Mr. SAWYER, of Boston, moved that the Resolve bereferred to die Committee on Public Buildings. Lost. AWYER Mr. SMITH, of Boston^ was understood to say thathe had voted to grant leave to Mr. Parker to introducehis bill, because he was always ready to go for freespeech, and because it seemed to him that cases mightarise in other cities in which a law of that kind mightbe useful—the city of Lynn is suggested; and at anyrate, it was not proposed to have any peculiar applicationto Boston. But in regard to this order, I feel thatinasmuch as the House has already submitted to itscommittee the question whether or not the use of thisHall shall be granted for miscellaneous purposes, andinasmuch as the committee has reported that it oughtnot to be so used, the order ought not to be adopted.Look at the condition of public affairs, sir. This countrynever before has been in the condition it is now.Never before, air, has the question been whether theUnion shell live or not The question now is whetherthis flag of our country shall wave over our heads ascitizens of America, or whether we shall become abroken and dissevered nation. It is a serious question!It is a solemn question! and every man owesit to his country, to his whole country, to do everythingwithin his power to restore harmony. Andwhilst I could not sacrifice principle in the slightestdegree, yet, at the same time, I would do everythingwhich could be done consistently to preserve this governmententire. Now, sir, it is very well known to gentlemen that avery excited state of things exists throughout theSouthern States—an excitement produced, it is verytrue, under an extremely mistaken idea of the purposesand feelings of the people of die North. Indicationsof the extent of this state of feeling come tous every day. Now, sir, if in this peculiar state ofaffairs, the gentlemen who are desirous of speaking inthis hall are invited to it by the Legislature, the Southernpeople will very properly take them and theirspeeches to be the proper and fair representatives ofthe sentiments and purposes of the Republican partyof Massachusetts. In view of the excited state offeeling at the South, in view of the condition of publicaffairs, I submit to the candid judgment of theHouse whether, contrary to the order we have adopted,contrary to the custom we have established, we shallinvite this society to occupy our hall. I submit, thatif we give it to them, it will strengthen and encouragethem, and that it will take away from the conservativeand moderate men of the South the basis upon whichthey are pleading for the Union. I believe it is theright of every man in this country—the right of everyslave in this country, that the Union shall be kept together,and I believe that if, under these peculiar circumstances,this resolve was passed, it would have atendency to prevent that conciliation which alone cansave the Union. Mr. FISKE, of Shelburne, next addressed theChair, and proceeded to give an account of theproceedings at the Temple, yesterday, which bewitnessed, and said it was not until then thathe made up his mind that the Legislature ought to dosomething. Then he made up his mind to be henceforthan Abolitionist, and to fight slavery, not in Carolina,but in Massachusetts. If there was no otherplace in Boston where free speech would be protected,he hoped the attempt would be made in theState House. ISKE Mr. CALMOUN, of Springfield, said he had a highregard for the city of Boston and the Commonwealth,but he could not shut his eyes to things as they werepassing. They were here to act with caution. Theywere asked to open a hall to those who were refused ahall yesterday. Upon his conscience he believed theyshould do wrong if they granted it. Sentiments hadbeen avowed which should be regarded with cautionby the people of the State. Yesterday, on that platform,there were sentiments uttered in favor of disunion,and God forbid that they should be allowed tocome and utter such sentiments in this hall. In thiscrisis in political affairs, he hoped men would be firm,calm, quiet and resolute, looking at all questions with,due regard for the interacts of the Commonwealth andthe country. They should do nothing to pot in jeopardyour honor and consistency, and not volunteer to offerthe use of this hall to those who utter sentimentscontrary to those they have sanctioned by their votes.He was sorry for the course pursued by the Mayor ofBoston, but this was not the way to respond to thatact. ALMOUN Mr. SEARS, of Boston, thought that if gentlemanwould take a moment's second thought, the orderwould be rejected. If such a resolve as this is passedin that House, the consequences will be more seriousthan gentlemen may at first suppose. For the reasonthat he believed that every man should be protectedin the right of free speech, he had voted for the propositionof the gentleman from Worcester, (Mr. Parker.)But this order is quite a different thing. To pass anorder like this, in the present crisis of affairs, would,it seemed to him, be certain to settle at once and forever all attempts to adjust our national affairs. It isproposed to open this hall to men who proclaim doctrinesthat are treasonable—who proclaim their sympathywith disunion—who sanction invasions of otherStates. If the use of this hall is granted to such men,that proceeding will shut the mouths of Henry WinterDavis and his associates, who are endeavoring to undeceivethe South, and to prove to it that the Republicanparty is conservative and national. The passagedof such a resolve, he held, would make civil war sure,and upon the members of the Massachusetts Legislaturewou8ld rest a fornful responsibility. EARS Upon motion of a member the your and says wereordered on the question of granting leave to introduce,the resolve. Mr. FRENCH, of Waltham, conceived it to he hasduty, having taken an oath to support the Constitution,to vote against a resolve proposing to invite gentlemento occupy the belt to advice the overthrew ofthe Constitution. RENCH Mr. DAVIS, of Greenfield, moved indefinitepostponement of the resolve. AVIS The SPEAKERS. The motion is not in order, the resolvenot being yet in the possession of the House.The question is on granting leave to introduce. PEAKERS. Mr. GINBS, of New Bedford, thought that if therewas a time for tab body to study wisdom, it was thepresent. What hope have we, when we surrenderthis hall far such purposes:—what protection have we!Let us keep perfectly cool. For kit part, he could notvote for the order. All the wisdom the nation has isnow called together to save us from the horrors ofwar. INBS Mr. BARTIST, of Weymouth, was in favor of freespeech, but not of the free use of the Representatives'Hall. He thoughts the Hall ought to be closed againstall purposes not Immediately connected with legislation. ARTIST Mr. BRANNING, of Lee, remembered that the Abolitionisthad, in years past, the use of the hall to denouncethe Union as severely, as they are capable ofnow doing, He thought that when Wendell Phillipstold the South to "go, and stand not on the order oftheir going." he did not offend the Carolinians. IfToombs and Stephens cane to Boston. Faneuil Hallwould be opened—aye, " 'pon golden hinges turning."(Applause, and a very few hiases.) He was net afraidto meet his constituents, after voting for this order.Wendell Phillips and his associates are the onlyfriends Carolinn has here to-day. (Laughter, and someapplause.) RANNING Mr. TRINNEL, of Burlington, said the question waswhether the State would come forward to uphold freespeech. He was opposed to the sentiments of Mr.Phillips; but if Mr. Yancey had not been allowed tospeak in Boston, he would ask the State to after himproper probation. He did not conceive that the adoptionof the order would be an endorsement of the sentimentsof the Abolitionists. RINNEL Mr. BROWNNELL, of Westport, had voted to allowthe use of the hall to the same parties in 1858, and hewas not afraid to do so again. ROWNNELL Mr. DEAN, of Pawtucket, presumed that there wasbut one opinion in the House upon the subject of freespeech. He believed the city authorized of Bostonshould protect its own meetings, and if they don'tnow, the people of Boston will soon see to it that theydo. He proceeded to argue that the adoption of theorder would be injudicious and uncalled for. EAN Mr. PARKER held that the mob which had assailedTremont Temple would not be afraid to attack theState House. His sympathies were strongly in favorof the order, but he feared in ease of its adoption. ARKER Mr. TYLER. of Boston, remarked that it appeared tobe generally assumed that freedom of speech was notprotected in Boston; but the charge was untrue. Itis true Boston has its mobs, and so do other largecities. He fully agreed with die gentlemen from Worcester,that it these peculiarly pugnacious gentlemencame up here, it would be expedient to have somephysical force to protect the building; and he wouldadvise the talented artist whose busts were exhibitedbelow, not to leave them for the inspectious of thecrowd who would conic. He trusted, therefore, thatdie Order would not be adopted. YLER. Mr. CARK of Lowell, was in favor of free speecheverywhere, but was opposed to die passage of the resolve. ARK Mr. BARRY, of Boston, moved that the farther considerationof die resolve be assigned for Thursdaynext. Lost. ARRY Mr. WIGHTMAN, of Chelmsford, had no apologies tomake for Boston She will take care of herself. He didnot believe Boston was in such a condition that she couldnot defend and protect her own citizens. At any rate,until Boston asks for die assistance of die State, hewas willing to believe she could get along without itDid die speaker desire that a man should stand m hisplace to say that "the Constitution is an agreementwith hell and a covenant with death"' He was in favorof free speech. But there are limits to freedom,and if it became apparent that a meeting could not beheld without endangering die property of other persons,it is die duty of the chief magistrate of the cityto prevent such a meeting. IGHTMAN Mr. KIMBALL, of Lynn, moved die previous question,which was ordered, yeas 118, nays 48. IMBALL The roil was then called, and Use vote was recordedas follows:— YEARS, 69; NAYS, 136; ANSENT, 34. EARS AYS NSENT So leave to introduce the Resolve was refused.—Journal and Traveller of Saturday. Journal and Traveller of Saturday. 
