 Every thing indicates that Georgia with greatextensity of her press and people, will take a commandingposition in this controversy. The report ofthe Jews Committee on the state of the Republic,had before the Legislature previous to its adjournmentfor four weeks, is a document of the weightiestcharacter, and takes the most complete and satisfactoryview of the true position of the South whichwe have yet seen. If the Northern people are not hopelessly givenever to delusion, they will see in the thoroughinsanity of the Southern press, conclusive proofthat they can no longer trifle with the subject of slavery,and that in pushing on their aggressions, theyare simply shaking down the pillars of the Union. West of space compels us to defer the reporthere mentioned, but we copy the resolution appendedto it, which embody its leading principles, andthe reader will see from these, especially from the in the series, that the whole question has beenboldly met, and the higher' ground taken.  Whereas, the people of the non-slaveholdingStates have commenced and are persisting in asystem of encroachment upon the Constitution andthe rights of a portion of the people of this confederacy,which is alike unjust and dangerous to thepeace and perpetuity of our cherished Union; be it. 1. Resolved, By the Senate and House of Representativesof the State of Georgia, in General Assemblyconcerned, that the Government; of the UnitedStates is one of limited powers, and cannot rightfullyexercise any authority not conferredy the Constitution. By the Senate and House of Representativesof the State of Georgia, in General Assemblyconcerned,  2. Resolved, That the Constitution rants no powerto Congress to prohibit the introduction of slaveryinto any territory belonging to the United States.  3. Resolved, That the several States of the Unionacceded to the confederacy upon terms of perfectequality, and that the rights, privileges, and immunitiessecured by the Constitution, belong shire to thepeople of each State. 4. Resolves, That any and all territory enquiredby the United States, whether by discounter, purchaseor conquest, belongs in common to the peopleof each State, and thither the people of each Stateand every State have a common right to igrate,with any properly they may possess, and that anyrestriction upon this right which will operate is favorof the people of one section to the exclusion ofthose of another, is unjust, oppressive, and unwarrantedby the Constitution.  5. Resolved, That slaves are recognized by theConstitution as property, and that the Wilmot Proviso,whether applied to any territory at any oneheretofore acquired, or which may be hereafter acquired,is unconstitutional. 6. Resolved, That Congress has no power, otherdirectly or indirectly, to interfere with the existenceof slavery in the District of Columbia. 7. Resolved, That the refusal, on the part of thenon-slaveholding States, to deliver up forgatherslaves who have escaped to said States, uponproper demand being made therefore, is a plain andpalpable violation of the letter of the Constitution,and an intolerable outrage upon Southern rights. 8. Resolved, That in the event of the passage ofthe Wilmot Proviso by Congress, the abolition ofslavery in the District of Columbia, the admission ofCalifornia as a State, in its present pretended organization,or the continued, refusal of the non-slaveholdingStates to deliver up fugitive slaves as providedin the Constitution, it will become the immediateand imperative duty of the people of this Stateto meet in Convention, to take into considerationthe mode and measure of redress. 9. Resolved, That the people of Georgia entertainan ardent feeling of devotion to the unionof these States, and that nothing short of a persistencein the present system of encroachment uponour rights by the non-slaveholding States, can induce us to contemplatethe possibility of a dissolution. 10. Resolved, That his Excellency the Governorbe requested to forward copies of these resolutions toeach of our Senators and Representatives in Congress,to the Legislatures of the several States, andto the President of the United States. 
