 The recent struggle in Congress, to determinewhether Slavery or Freedom shall have the initiativein the national legislator, has generated an excitement,under the procure of which, the old threat a dissolution of the Union has been reiterated in certainquarters, in a more than usual deliberate andauthorized lone. It is now apparent that the smallmodicum of anti-slavery, the Wilmot Proviso, towhich the universal North had not hesitated to commititself, and to which intelligent persons, notover credulous on other matters, have appeared tobelieve that General Taylor himself was attached,is not to be adopted by Congress, but at the sacrificeof the Union. At least, strenuous efforts arepromised to make the latter event the necessary sequenceof the former. The slavery-monster, enragedperhaps at the hopeless manner in which the Californiaquestion has been settled by the people concerned,is thoroughly stirred up, and mute throughall its mouth-pieces an uncommon volume of rhetoricand rhodode. He announces the intentionof dissolving the Union, or, in other terms, of goingand bunging himself, (for such dissolution is plainlyvirtual suicide,) in hope, doubtless, that the justs motionadvocates at the North will resort to their usualsycophancy, to induce him to desist fro so foil apurpose.   justs motion This a great country. There is considerable landin North America. If the no more of the old patrimonythan lies North of Mason and Dixon's line,with Oregon, California, and such of the territoriesas might be disposed to throw is their fortunes withthem, together with the prospective annexation ofCanada, Nova Scotia, Slave Lake, (a name wewould got our new Congress to alter.) Labrador, andSir John Franklin's expedition, the Yankees mighthope to figure name in the future history of the world.Italy, France, and Britain have made some noise inhis ages, and achieved some sciences, arts, and reasonsfor mankind, on a much smaller scale. Atfor rate, we might try the experiment of gettingflag with a republic, without a corner-vious to it. great country. considerable figure name republic, corner-vious It is a question over which the coolest of us maysees be found figuring—how long all the ends andobjects of the Union are to be sacrificed to theUn—how disorderly and indecent a House weare rilling to maintain, for the sake of keeping thefaer together. figuring   Congress shall prohibit slavery in the Territories,where it has the exclusive jurisdiction, the Union is tobe dissolved! That is it. There have been risingsof the people for freedom, for exemption from oppressivestation, for the liberty of the press, and formany other popular immunities; but here the worldis to  a rising for slavery, for the natural right tosteal men, for the prescription to whip women, forthe inity of hunting men with rifles and dogs.That Congress will thus prohibit slavery, there canbe no debts. They may not pass the proviso at thepresentation—the present body may not do it.The braradocio threats of the South may sufficeto over  generation of 'dough-fares.' Delicateregard for the feelings of the Louisiana planter,who human to be President, will doubtless coolthe order of many Wings; the terrors of the next BaltimoreConvention may deter heats of the Democrats.But the pat Northern constituency will at last inable to get representatives to Washington, who willgive their be dispatch. If, intimidated by theyells of a slave trading mob the honorable gentlemenare in er of painting array, their constituentsmay be using to go down to keep them in countenance. Congress shall prohibit slavery in the Territories,where it has the exclusive jurisdiction, the Union is tobe dissolved!    pass the proviso   dough-fares.    painting array, to keep them in countenance. There is an al lose without some small gain.Our new State will not be so expensive a greatitem with us. We can push our mail service toNootka Sound and Cape Breton, and have cheappostage besides. It shall have no more Mexicanwars to pay for, to the expensive amusement of'stirring up' the  every ten years! and afterthe imminent peril of conquest by North Carolinain past, we can reduce or abolish our army and navy.Believed from slaves and with a homogeneouspeople, and homogeneous institutions, we can enterupon the career of civilization, for which, of all nations,we shall be beached, and solve successfullyfor the struggling millions of Europe, the social andpolitical problems, over which the age is beginningto excite itself. We can bring out our 'brummagem'democracy, and give an siring, without exposingourselves to the vite of the world. Wecan even aspire to be a Chadian people, without beingpainted to the earthly sell to which we haveforeordained and gredestind one-sixth part of ourbrethren. We can talk, were and print about theabstract matter of human tiger and liberty, withoutbeing put in jail. We can the things by their rightnature, and believe it is as  to steal a man asto steal a sheets; and as for than who do either, andindicate the practice with the lowie-knife, or theforms of le-knife legislation we may find ourselvesrelieved of the forced emigrate of calling the ingentlemen. We shall feel as free in criticizing themanners and customs of Freedom WashingtonianCn, Q-bunia, or whatever name the slaveholdingrepublic may glory in, as a criticizing themanners and customs of the Fejeks; indeed, thetwo nations will be equally missionary grounds,wherein the martyr spirit of Christianity can continueto exhibit itself, running, of course, the risk, usthe devotee would in the latter case, of being barbecued and eaten,and in the former, of grinning ata Lynch Court, suspended from the bought of a express,with the prospect of being eaten, without thecookery, by the turkey buzzards. G.F.T.  stirring up  brummagem  Chadian   steal a man asto steal a sheets lowie-knife, le-knife legislation  gentlemen. Freedom WashingtonianCn, Q-bunia,   barbecued eaten, turkey buzzards. 
