 The St. Louis Democrat says that Free Stateemigrants for Kansas can venture by the river route,in case they go in small numbers, and keep theirpurpose secret: in other words, in case they go incompanies of two or three, and profess to ha proslaverymen, they may travel on board Missouririver boats, without being thrown overboard!What a confession is this! No such advice is givento Southern emigrants: they may go in as largenumbers, and with m much pompous parade asthey please! Democrat small numbers Southern they It is not most humiliating to fast that man-stealersmay travel with all the security which isguarantied to good citizens in Ohio, that they maycarry with them arms and instruments of destruction,that they may openly avow their purpose toestablish the system of man-steeling in a newState, that they may threaten and swagger as muchas they please; while peaceable citizens, men wholove law and order, who go to their new home withan intention to establish justice, who go to buildup free schools and free institutions,—that thesemen must disavow their holy and lawful purpose,must deny that they are good citizens, must humblyask pardon for being in the right, and returnthanks for being arraigned in order to attain permissionto travel on a highway which belongs toall the people of all the States in this confederacy!Was it for this that the Constitution wasformed? Was it for this that slavery was permittedto exist? Was it for this that Missouri, thatlaw-defying State, was permitted to come into theconfederacy with her accursed institution! Everyday we are becoming more and more convincedthat a great and almost irreparable blander wascommitted when the first compact and made withslave-owners. If Missouri had not been admittedas a slave State, we should never have had anyfurther difficulty in settling the boundaries of slavery.It does seam to us that the people of theUnited States have a right to travel on our nationalhighways, without being subject to search. Itdoes seam to us, that when they can no longer doso, they are absolved from all allegiance to thegovernment which refuses to protect them in theirrights. We do not see by what authority thefederal government claims the obedience of the unprotectedcitizens of the republic when it givesunrestrained license to lawless vagabonds to insultand rob at pleasure. Since the people of western Missouri haveorganized themselves into a general thieves' association,it may be as well for parsons passing throughtheir territory to be prepared for any emergency.No man would think of traveling alone and unarmed,through Mexico; and we should just assoon think of travelling unarmed through it as.through Missouri. Instead of going in small numbers,and unarmed, we would advice Free Statemen to go well armed, and In sufficient numbers toprotect themselves against the treachery of steamboatcaptains, or else avoid going through the secured State. 
