 Referring to the meeting recently held in NewHaven, at which Rev. Henry Ward Beecher andProf. Silliman successfully endeavored to secure anumber of rifles for the defense of Kansas againstborder ruanism,' the Washington star says:—  This Professor Silliman is him of Yale, whohas taken occasion to render it certain that thatvenerated college will not again have entered inits classes a single student from any other slaveholdingState, except Delaware; at least until itsaffairs pass out of the hands of such persons asthis Mr. Silly-man. The Mr. Beecher is, ofcourse. Henry Ward, of that ilk. Of this affair,the New York Day Book discourses very properlythus wise:— Silly Day Book 'Bescher thinks Killers, or "Kill them," it agood name. His joke sounded well, no doubt, tothe crazy fanatics around him but we would ask,in all seriousness, how this Reverend gentlemanwould appear at the bar of heaven with such jokesfresh from his lips? Kill who? Who do thesecreatures desire to kill? They cannot toll—theydo not know. They have had their minds wroughtup to such a pitch by designing political knaves.that they are willing to give their money to sendarms and ammunition to a roving, drunken handof thieves and robbers, who have squatted downin Kansas, and, under the lead of those notoriousruffians, Robinson and Lane, are making desperateefforts to sustain a mob and traitorous governmentin that Territory. Kill them 'These New Haven men profess to be thefriends of the blacks, yet the very people to whomthey are tending their money and arms havepassed a law forbidding free blacks coming intothe Territory! Can there be any thing more ridiculousand absurd than the professions andpractices of this Beecher and his associates?He, a preacher of the Gospel, getting up a companyof the "killers," and arming them with riflesand Bibles to go and join such notorious scoundrelsas Robinson. Lane &Co.!! The wholething is, of course, a farce and humbug, and theSharp's rifles are of no more use, or will be of nomore use to the poor fools who carry them toKansas, than so many cornstalks, except to tradeoff for whiskey and tobacco. He As we have said before, a Sharp's rifle in thehands of an inexperienced New England pauper,is no better than a broom-stick, and we will venturea bet of one hundred dollars to fifty, that forty-nineout of every fifty of the emigrants from Connecticutto Kansas cannot hit a barrel a hundredyards distant with a Sharp's rifle in a whole day,let them load and fire as fest as they cheers. Isthe first place, they cannot shoot them more thanthree or four times without sitting down andcleaning the lock, and in the next place, a backwoodsmancould, with a single rifle, kill off thewhole fifty of Beecher's company before they couldhit him, if they were all aiming at him. Thiswhole talk, as well as the proceedings about Kansanand Sharp's rifles, is too greatest of humbugs,and amounts to nothing more than a capital advertisementfor the Sharp's rifle manufacturingcompany, which that company keep stirring andmoving around from paper to paper, and place toplace, for the sole purpose of selling their guns;out they soil fifty fools to one gun every month.Beecher, Bowen, and their dupes, will buy the riffles:Greeley, Weed and Seward will keep up theKansan agitation until after the election, and thenthe whole thing will explode, and the public willlearn that there was no occasion for all the fussand hubbub that have been made, and that whilstthe people of the North and East have been givingtheir money to the paupers, thieves, rowdies andlazy vagabonds that are swarming Kansan fromthe North, the people of Missouri, whom HenryWard Beecher, with murder in his heart, wantshis proteges to kill, have been quietly and peaceablypursuing their usual avocations on theirfarms and in their work-shops.' 
