 At the time of the transfer of the slave mother,with her three surviving children, from Cincinnatito Kentucky, under the certificate of a slave-catchingCommissioner, hut in open contempt of thejudicial process and the courts of Ohio, it was givenout by several of the Cincinnati papers, anxiousto appease the excitement which that outrage occasioned,that Gaines, the claimant, had solemnlydeclared that, after conveying the woman to Kentucky,he should hold her in readiness to be surrenderedupon any executive demand that the Governorof Ohio might make upon the Governor ofKentucky. That Gaines made these protestations, we havenot the least doubt. A slave-catcher, even if hebe a member of the Presbyterian Church, as thisfellow Gaines is said to be, while attempting toentrap or to get back a runaway negro, hesitatesat no lie whatever that may serve his purpose;and this Mr. Gaines might very well believe that,in such a case as his, lying to white people wasnot a whit worse than lying to negroes. That hemade the promise to hold the woman to abide thedemand or the Governor of Ohio, there is no doubt;but the moment we read the statement, we entertainedalso not the slightest doubt that he hadmade it intending to break it. Indeed, not withstandinghis religions professions, he evidentlyhas an uncommonly glib tongue, even for a slave-catcher.He promised Mrs. Lucy Stone Blackwellthat upon removing the woman to Kentucky, hewould release her; but no sooner was that promisemade public, than it was repudiated by his attorneys.So he made this other promise, to boldthe woman to await the Ohio requisition, with thesame fraudulent intent. Perhaps he nattered himselfthat this second falsehood would escape publicnotice; that the woman might be privately sentout of the State; and that the whole matter wouldsoon pass from the public recollection. Providence,however, willed it otherwise. It seems tohave been the will of Heaven publicly to exposethis fraud, in order, perhaps, to show the natural,if not essential, connection between lying andslaveholding—a connection so natural, that evenchurch-membership does not seem to afford anysafeguard against it. This pious Presbyterian, notwithstanding hispromise made in Cincinnati, had, it seems, shippedthis woman and bar surviving children onboard a steamer for Gaines's Landing, Arkansasthe residence, we may reasonably suppose, ofsome member of the Gaines family, who makes nopretence to piety, but who there administers thepatriarchal system after too Simon Larges fashion,But this steamer, it seems, on the passage downthe Ohio, had a collision with another steamer,in consequence of which several lives were lost.and among them, that of one of the children of.this very woman. The woman herself and hertwo other children were saved with difficulty, andwere brought on shore from the wreck: but theywere at once re-shipped and carried off to theiroriginal destination. Thus, when a warrant for,their arrest was granted on the Ohio requisition,they were not to be found, notwithstanding theinterruption and delay caused by this accident.It is now stated, that when the Governor of Kentuckywas informed of this, he expressed great indignation,and that he has declared that the womanshall be brought beck and surrendered. It remainsto be seen whether the Governor's declarationwill prove any more trustworthy than Gaines'promise. Gov. Chase's requisition is not merelyfor the women, but for the men also, all the adultshaving been indicted as participating in too murder. Judge Burgoyne, of Cincinnati, who bad issuedthe writ of habeas corpus in the case of the threecolored children, is taking steps to call the Marshalto account for not having obeyed that writ.The Marshal had returned, that as the productionof the persons before the Court would serve nopractical purpose, he the Marshal, bad taken theresponsibility of disobeying the writ and deliveringthe children over to the claimant. Here is anew development of the beauties of the FugitiveSlave Act. The Marshals, too, claim, it wouldseem, under that act, a hardly leas extensive Judicialprerogative of deciding whether process issuedfrom the State Courts 'can serve any practicalpurpose,' and whether, therefore, it is to be obeyedor not. habeas corpus Judge Burgoyne, not exactly satiated at beingthus ousted from his seat by a United States Marshal,and not being terrified at the gang of Kentuckyruffians and loafers hired by the UnitedStates at $2 a day to back that functionary, hasdirected the Procreating Attorney to file specificationsupon which a rule should issue to the Marshalto show cause why he should not be attachedas for a contempt. This earns Marshal has oncealready been in fail by order of the Supreme Courtof Ohio for a similar concept in resisting their process.On that occasion, be was set free byJudge McLane. We shall see whether that experimentwill be tried a second time. ' You have heard before this, by telegraph, ofJudge Burgoyne's decision to-day—[affirming theunconstitutionality of the Fugitive Slave Bill.]—Hereafter, if by any accident on the UndergroundRailroad a fugitive slave is brought before Mr. Pandory,a writ of habeas corpus in his behalf will beissued, returnable to Judge Burgoyne, and themuch-dreaded 'comfits of jurisdictions' will takeplace. You have soon result of Gov. Chase's requisition.Mr. Gaines promises to bring been thewoman, (he says nothing of the men,) and Gov.Chase, for the present, at least, can torn plates theissue of no further requisition. An item of underground railroad intelligencecame to my notice the other day which I wish therenders in good faith and implicit confidence ofDr. Adams's book could have soon. A dark coloredmulatto woman passed through bore someweeks since, accompanied by her child, the son ofa Mr. Vaughn of Kentucky. The boy was aboutsix years old; his head was vary finely shaped.forehead high and preeminent, features regularand European, eyes blue, hair , complexion white.The chattel was neatly dressed, (his mother spoutall the money gives her by her owner upon thisboy,) was very gentle and wall behaved, 'couldread in the ascend primer,' and was worth about$400. The mother had made three attempts previouslyand this time she came around, determinedto be free or die. forehead high and preeminent  The Underground Railroad is very much traveledat present. Mrs. L.S. Black well, at as anti-slaveryfestival a weak ago. (where over $200 ofUnderground steak was taken,) stated as the resultof her observation, that during the iceboundstate of the river, thousands had camped. Some 175have passed through Cincinnati within threemonths, and they are daily going, I will, withyour comment, at some future give your are some statistics and indicates / withthis —Cincinnati dent of the Tribune.    Cincinnati  
