 Sam Houston's influence in Texas has received aterrible shock, if it be not absolutely destroyed.In our morning paper we gave some accounts ofthe movements against him in the Texas Legislature,among the most significant of which was thejoining of Commodore Moore with him in the voteto invite him within the bar of the Legislature.Houston has a deadly quarrel with Moors, whichhe made the occasion of an elaborate speech againstthat gentleman in the U.S. Senate. On the 20th ult., the House of Representativesadopted a series of resolutions on the subject of theslavery question and the Kansas-Nebraska Bill,against which Gen. Houston voted. They arethree in number. The first approves the binding force of all thecompromise acts of 1850. The second claims especially the Fugitive SlaveAct as a 'measure of constitutional right and justicesto the slaveholding States, essential to theirpeace and the preservation of their rights,' andclaims that Texas would look upon a repeal of thatact as 'an invasion of her constitutional rights,and a just cause of alarm to herself, and her sisterStates of the South.' The third endorses the Nebraska Bill In letterand spirit, and declares that its repeal or modificationwould be 'an invasion of the true spirit ofthe Constitution of the United States, and a justcause for alarm on the part of the slaveholdingStates.' Gen. Houston, whose action these resolutions decidedlyreprove, undertook a defense before a meetingof the American party, called at Austin on the23d. He made a slashing speech, in which he assailedthe present Administration and the dominantparty at all points, and defended his votes at length.But the Legislature, or at least the House of Representatives,were prompt to most the issue whichHouston challenged, and on the 26th considered hiscase individually, and passed upon it in the followingresolution, which was adopted, seventy-fiveayes to three nose, which has bean transmitted tous in an extra of the State Gazette at Austin:— three State Gazette at Austin Be it resolved by the Legislature of the State ofTexas, That the Legislature approves the course ofThomas J. Rack, in voting for the Kansas-NebraskaAct, and di the course of Sam Houston, invoting against it. Be it resolved by the Legislature of the State ofTexas  Texas is, judging by this vole, nearly unanimousfor the Nebraska Bill. The men of all partiesmust have voted for the censure on Houston foropposing it. At the American meeting referred to above, Gen.C. McLeod, one of their leading men, declaredGeneral Houston be a 'Jonah' who must be'thrown overboard' to save the ship. 
