 In THE LIBERATOR of the 28th ultimo, we inserted,by request— but without note comment—a correspondencebetween 'D.M.' (a gentlemen not identifiedwith the 'Garrison as abolitionists,') and Rev. H.W.B.,of Brooklyn, N.Y., respecting the charge in arecent number of the Now York independent, that 'Mr.Garrison is an infidel of the must degraded class.' TheAnti-Slavery Standard, of last week, says:— HE IBERATOR independent infidel of the must degraded class. Anti-Slavery Standard Upon this correspondence we remark: 1. The responsibility for the scandalously falseand malignant remark about Mr. Garrison rests,primarily and chiefly, with the editors of the Independent,of whom MP. Beecher is not one. Hisrelation to the paper is simply that of a 'SpecialContributor.' writing over his own signature, andtaking no part whatever in the general conduct ofthe paper. Of course, therefore it would be unfairto bold him accountable, in the first instance,for any violation of the laws of taste or of moralson the part of the editors. We give implicitcredit to his statement, that be did not even seethe attack upon Mr. Garrison in the paper itself,and only heard of it at second-hand. Independent 2. Careful as Mr. Beecher and the Independenthave been, from time to time, to define his exactrelation to the paper, it is still true that, to a wideextent, he is popularly regarded, not merely as acontributor, but as a conductor, and we do notthink that, in a ease like this, he has any right toignore this patent fact. His name stands conspicuousin the imprint of the paper and, in spite ofany theoretical limitations of his responsibility.however often proclaimed, that name gives weightand influence to whatever appears in its columns,The moral sanction necessarily implied in such ause of his name involves a responsibility which hehas no right to shirk. This view of the once isthe more important from the fact, that the Editors'names do not appear, while those or the 'SpecialContributors' are conspicuously paraded as ameans of winning confidence and patronage; andit is not too much to say that Mr. Beecher's nameis the attractive force which, more than any thingelse serves to enlarge the circulation of the Independent. Independent name name Independent. 3. The assault of the Independent on Mr.Garrison was exceedingly atrocious. If it had saidthat, in a theological sense, and according to thetechnical theories of the day, he was an infidel,the case would have been very different. It wentbeyond this: pronouncing the an infidel of theman degraded class.'—thus assailing his moralcharacter in the way above all others calculated todestroy his influence and blast his reputation.The anti-slavery professions of the Independent,and the name of Mr. Beecher on its front, are thevery things which serve to make the slander effective.If the same thing had been said by the Observer,it would have been attributed to the well-knownpro-slavery malignity of that paper. Seeingit in the Independent, thousands will naturallysay, 'Garrison must surely be a bad man, or hewould not be thus denounced in an anti-slaverypaper with which Henry Ward Beecher is conspicuouslyidentified.' Independent of theman degraded class. Independent Observer Independent, 4. It was evidently this view of the ease thatled 'D.M.' to call Mr. Beecher's attention to thematter, and it would seem from his letter that hefully expected Mr. B. would promptly express hisdisapprobation of the slander. And this, wethink, was no more than Mr. B. was bound inhonor to do, and we are grieved and disappointedthat he did not do It. If we had seen D.M.'sletter beforehand, we should have said—such wasour confidence in Mr. Beecher's manly franknessand nice sense of justice and honor—'He will nothesitate a moment in expressing his disapprobationof such a venomous falsehood. He will standupon no nicely balanced theory of the "limitationsof human responsibility," but with all the earnestnessof a noble nature, he will condemn theslander and seek to counteract its influence.' Weshould have said so, because we have heard himin his own pulpit, commend Mr. Garrison for traitsof character which are rarely, if ever, found savein men eminent for moral worth and Christian attainments. 5. We are not only surprised at Mr. Beecher'sapparent evasion of the interrogatory of 'D.M.'but at his proposed method of dealing with theIndependent slander—a method at war no losswith the whole spirit and tone of his own preachingthan with the spirit of Christianity itself. Hewould have 'some competent friend of Mr. Garrison'draw up his creed, and tend it to the Editorsasking them to print it as the evidence by whichhis character should be determined. We assureMr. Beecher, that no 'competent friend' of Mr. G. willever plead to such an issue on his behalfan issue which would permit men-stealers andkidnappers to carol themselves as Christianswhile the man whose life is the efflorescence of truepiety is ranked as an infidel. There is a rule ofjudgment to which Mr. Garrison's friends wouldmake no objection, vis: 'The tree is known by itsfruit.' Tried by the artificial standards of a corruptChurch, Mr. G. may be pronounced an infidel;but we insist that toe rule of Christ himself h theonly one that can lead as to a just conclusion.To substitute any other taut for this is to resort toecclesiastical jugglery and fraud. If theologicalformulas wore the true tests of Christian character,Judas and Jeffries might be ranked as saints,while the noblest philanthropists that the worldhas over seen might no reckoned as infidels. Saidan Orthodox clergyman to as, not long since, 'IfI were to call Mr. Garrison an infidel, I shouldexpect some one would straightway ask me, "Ofwhat use, then, is Christianity! If a man canlead a life as true and noble as Mr. Garrisons—Ifhe can stand intrepidly for God's law for a periodof twenty-five years, la the foes of mobs and acorrupt public sentiment, and never falter in hisallegiance or grow weary in his labors, and allwithout the sustaining power of Christ, whypreach the Gospel at all" I should not knowhow to answer the question. Mr. Garrison mustbe either a monster or a Christian of sublime attainments;and as I don't believe God ever makesmonsters of such a type, I claim his example forthe honor of God and the glory of Christianity.He has fallen into want I regard as grievous errorsin theology, but I cannot on that account resistthe conviction that he is a Christian.' Theclergyman who said this does not stand aloneamong his brethren. There are many others who,Nicodemus like, will make the same confession inprivate, through they last the convene to do so inpublic. Independent fruit. 6. We cannot but hope that Mr. Beecher willyet, for his own salon, publicly declare his disapprobationof a slander the mischievous effects ofwhich are aggravated by his peculiar relations toits authors. Our regard for his reputation, formore them our iety for that of Mr. Garrison,ipde the with  do so.    
