 From the Virginia Sentinel, March 27. TREASON STALKS ABROAD. The article which we copy to-day from the LoudounMirror contains intelligence of the most astounding, surprising character. In the name ofall that is dear to our peace, and the safety of ourfiresides, what are we coming to, when citizens ofVirginia, in large numbers, proclaim or applaudthe most dangerous and incendiary doctrines.—in thelight of day, and in a violent and overbearing spirit!When a Virginia gentleman cannotexpress himself in favor of protecting those interestsof our state, which are inseparably fastenedupon us, for weal or for Wo—without being hissedby a public assembly on his native soil, whathave we already come to? Mirror The act of these men is perfectly senseless.They do not propose an honorable and humaneemancipation of slaves, if that he their object:but they fall in with the political purposes ofNorthern demagogues, who say, 'No more slaveStates'-not' 'No more slaves.' Their conduct ismost unnatural. The conspirator against his ownfireside is a madman or an demon. A quiet, goodman he can't he. Judge Conklin, a Northern 'Resave.' I observed that there were presas members from the Pittsburg Convention severalgentleman from the South. I confess I wassurprised at this' And after intimating verystrongly the opinion that it was not possiblethey could be sincere in so unnatural a course,but had come there to hamper Northern action,he adds:   'This battle is to be fought on the side of freedom,and won, if at all, by the North. If, therefore, theyImagine that we shall sacrifice on jot or tile of principlein consideration of such indirect aid as they canbring us, or that we can be induced to speak 'withbated breath,' last we should wound the morbid sensibilitiesof the South, it behooves us at once to undeceivethem.'  Yet in this warfare of 'the North' against theSouth, these men in Loudoun are found in a positionso outrageous that Conklin, though a partisan,does not see how it is possible for them to be honest! the North in Loudoun Mr. Trayhorn was right when he advised thefalse New Yorker to go back to his former home:and he might have extended his invitation tothose faithless sons of the Old Disunion who sustainedhim, to go with him to the congenial associationswhich he indicated. We call upon the good people of Loudoun to redeemtheir reputation, and protect the South fromthe injurious consequences of this domestic treasureBencher and Silliman will now double theircalls for rides to shoot down their Southern brethren,and will point to this Loudoun endorsement oftheir murderous purposes and aims with tremendouseffect. One traitor is worse than a thousandfoes. brethren, We call upon Northern immigrants into ourState to denounce the conduct of the man Rae, andto proclaim to the world that when they sought thesoil of old Virginia, they came with intent to heloyal citizens, and not to act as allies to a Northernsectional organization, that seeks, as such, towin a victory over the State of their adoption.Rebuke indignantly the specimen of humanitythat encourages those who have thrown aside theBible and the Constitution, and taken up insult andSharp's rifles as the weapons of fraternal discussion. as such fraternal The people of Virginia have a right to expectprompt and decisive action.  It is with a blush of shame for the tarnishedreputation of our country, that we undertaken to recorda scene, more disgraceful perhaps in its chamberthan anything of a similar nature that hasever been enacted upon Southern territory. Wefeel an sliding pride in the country of our nativity,sad with heavy heart chronicle anything calourlatedto sully her fair fame abroad: but betweeninclination and duty we have no choice left us.and are constrained to perform a task we wouldseat willingly forego. Saturday, the 15th of the present month, wasthe day appointed for a meeting of the Goose CreekChurch, speciously for the purpose of ratifyingthe Philadelphia platform and nominations, butreally, as the sequel proved, for the treasonableobject of proclaiming boldly and impudently thevilest Black Republican doctrines. It was previouslyarranged that the matter should assumeas form of a debate, with two regularly appointedpolemics on each side. Mr. Henry Brown andMr. Thomas Taylor for the nominations, and Mr.Francis Rea, of New York, and Mr. Jesse Brownappoint them. The meeting was first addressed by Mr. ThomasTaylor, who argued at length in favor of the Americansplatform and nominees. Mr. Rae (of New York formerly,but at present a resident of thiscounty,) next took the floor. We can only give thesubstance of his remarks, no we write entirely frommemory. He declared himself in favor of theBlack Republican party, denounced the FugitiveSlave Law, and Fillmore for singing it; declaredit to be unconstitutional, and that it should repealed.He would not touch slavery where it expected—hewould leave it to die out upon the landthat bred it—but he would have the balance of theterritory of the united States consecrated to freedom,in accordance with the principle of our revelatoryforefathers. What was ours but a land ofliberty? And was the Fugitive Slave Law andMissouri ruffanism in accordance with this liberty.He wished it repealed, and there was amighty party arising in the North, whose purposeand aim it was to blot out this law, and to restrainslavery within its present limits. (Applause.) Mr. Henry Brown next rose in advocacy of Mr.Fillmore'sclaims to the Presidency. He could notas a member of the Block Republican party, if hewould, as it required a member to have hair on hislip, and he could not raise it. But he thoughtMr. Fillmore was unjustly censured for signing theFugitive Slave Law. He was but the representiveof the people, and was bound to obey the majorityof the people. That will had been expressedthrough the people's representatives in Congress,and he could not see that Mr. Fillmore wasto blame for obeying that will. Mr. James Brown followed next. He indulgedis the same strain with his colleagues, Mr. Rae,sad wound up with the eloquent language of someSenator, that 'the gentle green slopes of Nebraska,should not be made rotten with she institutionof slavery' (Great applause.) The matter being now upon for general detests,numerous gentlemen were called upon, (amongthem another gentleman with hair upon his lipfrom New York,) but none immediately responding,Mr. Taylor and Mr. Rae took another tilt. Mr. John Simpson was next brought to hit feet. He was utterly astonished that such sentimentsshould he uttered on Southern soil, that BlankRepublicans should dare to attack our institutionsupon our own territory. He thought the gentlemanfrom New York had never read the Constitution,or if he had, he knew nothing about it.Did it not declare that fugitive slaves should bedelivered up? And yet he had the hardihood topronounce the Fugitive Slate Law unconstitutional. Mr. Rae responded. He cared not for the nameBlack Republican that had been used by his opponent,Mr. Simpson. To say the least, he thoughtit ungentlemanly. Here Mr. Simpson required anexplanation, which was given. Mr. Rae continued his remarks at some length,and was frequently interrupted by immense applause.After he had finished, Mr. F. Trayhornwas called from his seat. He remarked: He aroseto defend the South against the attack of the BlackRepublicans. He felt that she had been insultedby what be had heard on that occasion. Passing by all others, be bore particularly uponMr. Rae. The gentleman had better go hack tothe North, and mingle with Fred. Douglass andLucy Blackwool, Stone, or Lucy Stone Blackwool,who were genial spirits. The South was no placefor the expression of such opinions. He deniedthe right to express such sentiments. (Cries of'He has the right.' 'He has the liberty of speech':counter cries of 'No! no! he has no right.') wool wool Mr. Rae—If the gentleman will go to New York,he may express any opinion on slavery he pleases. Mr. Trayhorn—Yes, because I do not speakagainst her institutions. Mr. Trayhorn continued his remarks in proof ofSouthern sufferance and Northern aggression, andconcluded by saying, that sooner than see BlackRepublicanism prevail, as dearly as he loved thisUnion, he would see it dissolved. Mr. Rae followed in some remarks upon the ordinanceof '87, but becoming confused, wasprompted by an old man with s broad brim whitehat, who, we were told, was the veritable YardlyTuylor. After he had finished, Mr. Henry Brownarose again. He thought he was still in favor ofMr. Fillmore. But—but—from what he knew ofBlack Republicanism, he thought he liked it prettywell. (Laughter, and cries of 'Come over to us;come over.') No, he didn't think he would comequite over yet, as his brother had done. Hethought—he thought—he would give Millard Fillmore one more trial. The gentleman (Mr. Trayhorn) had expressedhimself in favor of a dissolution of the Union;as for himself, he was still for the Union. Mr.Trnyhorn arose to explain. He had said, thatrather than see Black Republicanism prevail, hewould see a dissolution of the Union, as dearly ashe loved it. As he took his seat, he was hissedby a Black Republican by the name of HughHolmes. One Jesse Hogue, nerved by the boldnessof his confreres, was next brought into thearena, and seemed determined, by his hamperinggestures, to beat his Republican principlesinto those before him; bat what he said we donot remember, for just bore the excitement had hecome so great that the meeting broke up amidstthe greatest clamor and confusion. We have given but an imperfect outline of thistruly anomalous assemblage, for we have beencompelled to rely entirely upon our memory. Wehave, however, exaggerated in nothing, and feelconfident of having done material injustice to noone of the parties concerned. We have been themore minute in detail, in order that the people ofLoudoun might see the extremity to which a bodyof men among them (and no inconsiderable body)will go in advancing principles, insurrectionaryin their character, and the practical applicationof which is awarded against by the severest penallaws of the State. We invite their moat seriousand calm consideration to this subject, with theexpression of the hope that they will not suffer itto pane in silence. We counsel no wrath; make no appeal to passion.We will not arrogate the office of adviser ofmen who understand their rights and their defaces.and who are amply competent to determineupon the means to guard them against bothinsult and invasion. But may we not, with propriety,diffidently suggest, that they should soberlyand solemnly pronounce judgment upon publicmeetings, aiming, in their essential nature,at the destruction of both property and social peace?Is the lion with impunity to be bearded in hisden? and shall Northern Vandalism, after haringmurdered our citizens in the pursuit of theirproperty, flourish the sword of Brennus over thecitadel of the South? Is, to aggression and violencefrom without, to be added insult and endangermentfrom within! essential Has the monster of abolitionism grown to suchhuge proportions is to flap its dark wing overthe territory of the South without causing a feeblecry of resistance to arise from a gravely outragedand insulted people t Shall the hiss of thatserpent, Black Republicanism, be spewed in theface of a Southern gentleman, who dares to standup within the limits of his own manor to confrontthe enemies of his security and property? Letthe people of Loudoun answer by such public responseas they is their judgments, exercised iscalm deliberation, may determine upon. We are usually but the instrument of partisanstrife. We speak to them now with deferencebeyond the pale of party. We speak upon amatter of vital moment to all, and ask for itthe consideration which its magnitude demands.We are aware that we have performed so veryenviable duty, and shall bring down upon ourhead the execrations of no inconsiderable numberof men in oar county. But we shall notskulk to avoid a principle, though its advocacyshould bring upon us the vengeance of the wholeRepublican host. The rights of the South, for the sake of liberty,is the motto we have taken, and which we willstand by or fall; for unless Southern rights, assecured by the Constitution, be acknowledged andenforced by federal legislation, this Union will bedissolved, its pieces baptized in blood, possibly tosome other political faith, and liberty endangered,if not totally destroyed. We shall go on in ourfeeble efforts in defence of Southern rights, endthrough evil and good report bear testimony offidelity to the institution of our fatherland; andshould fanaticism prevail, and the North poorupon us her excited hordes, may 'the rocks andthe mountains fall on us,' if we do not clutch thestaff of toe Southern flag. 
