 EDITOR UNION—The horror of war cannot wellbe made polite and acceptable, in the beat of hands;but these may be mitigated somewhat, when controlledby wise and humane Generals, who understandthe ends sought in the contest, and will restsatisfied when those ends are attained. DITOR NION You hence do well to shrink from the terribleidea of stimulating a servile demonstration uponour deceived and erring fellow-citizens of the South,and would be justified in excepting everybody of theNorth from all such wanton blood-thirstiness. Norational being among us all would encourage orcountenance a proceeding so horrible to contemplate,and so hopeless of good results. everybody No The real danger on the contrary is, that our wholepeople would do as Gen. Butler has already done inMaryland, should a slave revolt take place—that is—suppress it at all hazards, and thus procure a compromiseof our present troubles without doing anythingeffectual toward preventing their future recurrence. suppress Would not such an event be far more fearful tocontemplate, than even the worst that might attenda servile revolt, with our present number, of thisclass of people? The present is a contest, irrepressible, and inevitable,between antagonist ideas of government andright, and it can end,—however it may be delayed—only in the destruction of the one, and the supremacyof the other, of these principles. The entire thing is concentrated in a single fact;Pennsylvania is loyal to the General Government,and desires the perpetual peace of the country, whileVirginia is in arms against the Government, andbent on the destruction of the entire fabric, ratherthan live as she has lived for these eighty years, partand parcel of a great whole. She can't tell why shethus acts, not in what she would be better off, couldshe do exactly as she would without molestation. why And, yet she raves and rages like a suicide, andwill destroy herself at least, if not restrained by thosewho can see her difficulty, and are strong enough tosave her from destruction. herself Now what would save this old State to herself andto the whole country, and make her what her climate,her material resources, and geographical position allindicate she should have been from the first? Why,just give her the institutions of Pennsylvania, andshe would be like that great Keystone of the goodold arch at once, and in all things essential.Wereall the people of Virginia free to-day, rebellionwould cease there on then instant—nobody wouldwant any better government than the old one, andeverybody would flight to preserve that—and whenonce safe and at peace, all would go to work improvingchurches and school-houses, placing the State atthe head of our great constellation of empires, andmaking her a bulwark and shield on which the centralgovernment might rely, should any future emergencyrequire the arming of the people for the protectionof their rights. would institutions  Is not this a consummation devoutly to be prayedfor? Incidentally if you will, because of the blessingsthus secured to Virginia herself, but first of allas the means of restoring peace to the country, andmaking the foundation of the Government so strongthat no human power could disturb it in the future. Can this be done? and is it right or desirable todo it? Here is a problem that should be discussed solvedand proved, and as before intimated, must be thusmet, before the difficulties we are now in are finallyadjusted. Slavery has made the rebellions Stateswhat they are at this time. Remove the cause, andthe disease will cease. Permit of perpetuate it, andyou have no end to seditions, strife and anarchy,except in ultimate and remediless destruction. must be thusmet Under ordinary circumstances, this whole questionof slavery would be quite properly left to the controlof the States tolerating the iniquity. But theseare not ordinary circumstances; the interests of freedomand slavery are in hostile array; the Governmentitself is imperiled thereby, and in self-preservationit must exercise its power for the destructionof that which has caused the commotion and danger. While it would be reprehensible and wicked in theextreme to incite unrestrained and vindictive slavesto insurrection and rapine, and no one could befound to justify the act—would it not be wise, prudentand generalship, such as the whole countryshould rejoice at, to possess Virginia by militarypower, and thus for the time being supersede herlocal laws and institutions and by proclamation givefreedom to every inhabitants of the State? generalship should possess proclamation freedom Such an act need include no violence, no lawlessness,no danger to any one; as the power to abolishcould be exercised to restrain and direct in freedomfar better than in slavery; and the motive to vengeanceand blood, which inheres to the latter State,would thus be entirely removed. Nor need there be even a seeming injustice to thepatriotic citizen in such a summary act. He shouldbe indemnified, and could well be, out of the moneythus saved by terminating an otherwise protractedwar. While persistent rebels would merit no sympathyfor the loss of their slaves, and should partwith their lands also, for the good of the true andloyal citizen. You are expected to reject these views, Mr. Editor,as both novel and utopian, and doubtless mostof your readers will share in your opinions. Well, what then? The present contest must havesome basis of settlement. What is the programme?Will the North consent to recognize the institutionsas a right of the South, and share the territory, thegovernment and the honors of the country with it,and forever after hold its peace? Or will the Southagree to "no more Slave States" and the rest of theChicago platform, as they and all other good citizensdoubtless should? Or, both parties adhering totheir several views, is the war to go on interminably,with nothing positive on the part of Government calculatedto bring it to an end, or remove the cause ofour most calamitous difficulties? some the right no more Slave States cause Yours, INON POINT. NON OINT. —Union and Advertiser. Union and Advertiser. 
