 On the evening of the 1st of June, Mr. Davis andhis wife were serenaded at the Spotswood House,Edmond. Mr. Davis responded as follows:— FRIENDS AND FELLOW-CITIZENS,—I thank youat the compliment that your presence conveys. Itcan indication of regard, not for the person, but forthe position which he holds. The cause in which weare engaged is the cause of the advocacy of rightsto which we were born, those for which our fathersof the Revolution bled—the richest inheritance thatever fell to man, and which it is our sacred duty totransmit untarnished to our children. Upon us isReserved the high and holy responsibility of preservingthe constitution liberty of a free government.(Applause.)  Those with whom we have lately assertedhave shown themselves so incapable of appreciatingthe blessings of the glorious institutionsthey inherited, that they are to-day stripped of theliberty to which they were born. They have allowedan ignorant usurper to trample upon all theprerogatives of citizenship, and to exercise powersever delegated to him; and it has been reserved your own State, so lately one of the originalthirteen, but now, thank God, fully separated fromthem, to become the theatre of a great central camp,from which will pour forth thousands of brave heartsto roll back the tide of this despotism. RIENDS ELLOW ITIZENS  Apart from that gratification we may well feel atbeing separated from such a connection, is the pridethat upon you devolves the task of maintaining anddefending our new government. I believe that weshall be able to achieve this noble work, and thatthe institutions of our fathers will go to our childrenas sacred as they have descended to us. (Applause.)In these Confederate States we observe those relationswhich have been poetically described to theUnited States, but which there never had the samereality—States so distinct that each existed as a sovereign,yet so united that each was wound with theother to constitute a whole; or, as more beautifullyexpressed, "Distinct as the billows, yet one as thesea." (Applause.) Upon every hill which nowoverlooks Richmond, you have had, and will continueto have, camps containing soldiers from everyState in the Confederacy; and to its remotest limitsevery proud heart beats high with indignation at thethought that the foot of the invader has been set onthe soil of old Virginia. (Great cheering.) Thereis not one true son of the South who is not ready toshoulder his musket, to bleed, to die, or to conquerin the cause of liberty here. (Cheers.) Beginning under many embarrassments, the resentof seventy years of taxation being in the handsof our enemies, we must at first move cautiously. Itmay be that we shall have to encounter scarifies;but, my friends, under the smiles of the God of thejust, and filled with the same spirit that animatedour fathers, success shall perch on our banners. Iam sure you do not expert me to go into any argumentupon those questions which, for twenty-fiveyears, have agitated the country. We have nowreached the point where arguments being exhausted,it only remains for us to stand by our weapons.(Cheers and cries of "we will!") When the time and occasion serve, we shall smitethe Sumter with manly arms, as did our fathers beforeus, and as becomes their sons. To the enemy weleave the base acts of the assassin and incendiary,to them we leave it to insult helpless women; to usbelongs vengeance upon man. (Tremendous applause.) Now, my friends, I thank you again for this gratifyingmanifestation. (A Voice—"Tell us somethingabout Buena Vista.") Will, my friends, I can only say we will make thesettle-fields of Virginia another Buena Vista, anddrench them with blood more precious than thatwould flowed there. We will make a history forourselves. We do not ask that the past shallshed its luster upon us, bright as our past has been,for we can achieve our own destiny. We may pointto many a field, over which has floated the flag ofour country when we were of the United States—upon which Southern soldiers and Southern officersreflected their brave spirit in their deeds of daring;and, without intending to cast a shadow upon thecourage of any portion of the United States, let mecall it to your remembrance, that no man who wentfrom any of these Confederate States has ever yet,as a general officer, surrendered to an enemy.(Great applause.) Pardon me if I do not go into matters of history,and permit me, again, to thank you for this kindmanifestation of your regard, to express to you myhearty wishes for the you will all pray to God tocrown our cause and our country with success. The crowd now called for Robert Toombs, JohnP. Benjamin, Col. Wigfall, and ex-Governor Wise.Wise and Wigfall responded:— MY FRIENDS,—You all know that I am a civilsoldier only, and that in that capacity I was nearlyworn down in the siege of the Virginia Convention.Thank God. however, that with a little rest, somehelp, and some damage from the doctors, I have beenenabled to recruit my exhausted energies. Y RIENDS The time of deliberation has given place to thetime of action, and I have taken up my bed as anindividual, in common with others, to march to Richmond,to meet the President of our now separateand independent republic. I am ready to obey hisorders, not only with pride, pleasure, and devotionto the cause and respect to the office he fills, butwith respect to the man himself, as one who has ourfullest confidence. You have to meet a foe withwhom you could not live in peace. Your politicalpower and rights, which were enthroned in thatcapitol when you were united with them under theold constitutional bond of the Confederacy, havebeen annihilated. They have undertaken to annuallaws within your own limits that would render yourproperty unsafe within those limits. they have abolitionizedyour border, as the disgrace of the Northwestwill show. They have invaded your moralstrongholds, and the rights of your religion, and haveundertaken to teach you what should be the moralduties of men. They have invaded the sanctity of your homesand firesides, and endeavored to play master, father,and husband for you in your households; in a word,they have set themselves up as a petty Providence,by which you are in all things to be guided and controlled.But you have already declared that youwould not be subject to this invasion of your rights.Though war was demanded, it was not for you todeclare war. But now that the armies of the invaderwhere is the Virginian heart that does not beat witha quicker pulsation at this last and boldest desecrationof his beloved State? Their hordes are alreadyapproaching our metropolis, and extending theirfolds around oar State at does the anaconda aroundhis victim. The call is for action. I rejoice in thiswar. Who is there that now dares to put on sanctityto deprecate war, or the "horrid glories of war"?None. Why? Because it is a war of purification.You want war, fire, blood, to purify you; and theLord of Hosts has demanded that you should walkthrough fire and blood. You are called to the fierybaptism, and I call upon you to come up to the altar.Though your pathway be through fire, or through ariver of blood, turn not aside. Be in no haste—nohurry and flurry. Collect youselves—summon yourselves—elevateyourselves to the high and sacred duty of patriotism.The man who dares to pray, the man who dares towait until some magic arm is put into his hand; theman who will not go unless he have a Minie, or percussionmusket, who will not be content with flintand steel, or even a gun without a lock—is worsethan a coward—he is a renegade. If he can do nobetter, go to a blacksmith, take a gun along as asample, and get him to make you one like it. Geta spear—a lance. Take a lesson from John Brown.Manufacture your blades from old iron, even thoughit be the tires of your cart wheels. Get a bit of carriagespring, and grind and burnish it in the shapeof a bowie-knife, and put it to any sort of a handle,so that it be strong—ash, hickory, oak. But, if possible,get a double-barreled gun and a dozen roundsof buckshot, and go upon the battle-field with these.If the enemy's guns reach further than yours, reducethe distance; meet them foot to foot, eye toeye, body to body, and when you strike a blow,strike home. Your true-blooded Yankee will neverstand still in the presence of cold steel. Let youraim, therefore, be to get into close quarters, and witha few decided, vigorous movements, always pushingforward, never back, my word for it, the soil of Virginiawill be swept of the Vandals who are nowpolluting its atmosphere. 
