 JEFFERSON CITY, June 12. EFFERSON ITY TO THE PEOPLE OF MISSOURI:—A series of unprovokedand unparalleled outrages have been inflictedon tire peace and dignity of this Commonwealthand upon the rights and liberties of its peopleby wicked and unprincipled men, professing to actunder the authority of the United States Government.The solemn enactments of your Legislaturehave been nullified, your volunteer soldiers havebeen taken prisoners, your commerce with your sisterStates has been suspended, your trade with yourown fellow-citizens has been, and is, subject to an increasingcontrol of an armed soldiery, peaceful citizenshave been imprisoned without warrant of law,unoffending and defenceless men, women and childrenhave been ruthlessly shot down and murdered,and other unbearable indignities have been heapedupon your State and yourselves. To all these outragesand indignities, you have submitted with patrioticforbearance, which has only encouraged theperpetrators of these grievous wrongs to attemptstill bolder and more daring usurpations. O EOPLE ISSOURI * * * * * * Fellow-citizens, all our efforts toward conciliationhave failed. We can hope nothing from the justiceor moderation of the agents of the Federal Governmentin this State. They are energetically hasteningthe execution of their bloody and revolutionaryschemes for the inauguration of civil war in yourmidst; for the military occupation of your State byarmed bands of lawless invaders; for the overthrowof your State government, and for the subversion ofthose liberties which the government has alwayssought to protect; and they intend to exert theirwhole power to subjugate you, if possible, to themilitary despotism which has usurped the powers ofthe Federal Government. Now, therefore, I, C.F. Jackson, Governor of theState of Missouri, do, in view of the foregoing facts,and by virtue of the powers vested in me by theConstitution and laws of this Commonwealth, issuethis, my proclamation, calling the militia of this Stateto the number of 50,000 into active service of theState for the purpose of repelling such invasion, andfor the protection of the lives, liberties and propertyof the citizens of this State; and I earnestly exhortall good citizens of Missouri to rally to the flag oftheir State for the protection of their endangeredhomes and firesides, and for the defence of their mostsacred rights and dearest liberties. In issuing this proclamation, I hold it to be mymost solemn duty to remind you that Missouri is stillone of the United States; that the Executive departmentof the State Government does not arrogateto itself the power to disturb that relation. Thatpower has been wisely vested in the Conventionwhich will, at the proper time, express your sovereignwill; and that, meanwhile, it is your duty toobey all constitutional requirements of the FederalGovernment. But it is equally my duty to adviseyou that your first allegiance is due to your ownState, and that you are under no obligation whateverto obey the unconstitutional edicts of the militarydespotism which has introduced itself at Washington,nor submit to the infamous and degradingsway of its wicked minions in this State. No bravehearted Missourian will obey the one or submit tothe other. Rise, then, and drive out ignominiouslythe invaders who have dared to desecrate the soilwhich your labors have made fruitful, and which isconsecrated by your homes. (Signed) CLAIBORNE F. JACKSON. 
