 On Friday evening last, a meeting was held bythe Bible Society in New York, to devise meansfor supplying the troops raised in that city withcopies of the Bible. Several speeches of greatmerit were delivered on the occasion; but the following,by the Rev. Dr. S.A. Tyng, is, in our opinion,the very best thing that has yet been said onthe subject. We think we never saw a nail hit sosquarely on the head as is done in the He v. Doctor'sreply to the question answered by him at the closeof his remarks:— "Dr. S.A. Tyng next addressed the meeting.Never were a people brought together to maintaindearer rights, or more imperiled and important intereststhan those involved in the present contest.He could not take a pirate's hand, who was goingout to secure a prize of twenty dollars a head forevery man he murdered, and put a Bible in hishands, as a sanction for his course. What kind ofUnion would that be, where the chains of the slaveshould sound from one end of the land to the other,and the infernal boast be realized that a man shouldcount the roll of his slaves on Bunker Hill? Thiswas not a war of sections; it was not a civil war.He would dignify it by no such name. There werehundreds and thousands in the Southern land provingfor the power which should give them help. InVirginia, the scene of eighteen years of his ministry,there were tens of thousands, he believed, whowere anxiously waiting for that which is called thearmy of the North to deliver them from the tyrannythat had been usurped over them. He would notcondescend to call it civil warfare. He would notmeet pirates upon the deck, and call it warfare.He would hang them as quick as he would shoot amad dog. (Cheers.) There was one road to peace, and that was absoluteand entire subjection. (Cheers.) He did notmean the subjection of the South, but of the riotousmob which there had control of affairs. The swordof justice was the only pen that could write thefinal treaty. Referring to the troops that had beenraised, the speaker asked, who ever saw such anarmy as has been gathered in our land? He wouldnot except the rare birds of Billy Wilson's Regiment.He might venture to say of them that theirsalvation might lie in the very consecration theyhave made of themselves to their country. (Cheers.)Twenty-three thousand Bibles had been given tothe troops who go to fight for their country; didanybody believe there were five hundred copies inthe army of renegades who are meeting them inthe contest? It would scald and singe their pollutedhands. We had every cause to lie proud ofour army. They are worthy of the Bible. Howtheir names will glisten in glory! One of thenoblest results he looked for was a land without aslave upon it. (Cheers.) A nation in which nomore shall God's image be sold upon the block bythe auctioneer. Said a gentleman, 'The Bibleauthorizes human slavery; you must acknowledgethat slavery is a Divine institution.' The old ministerto whom the remark was addressed, gatheredhimself up and replied, 'Yes, sir; in the same sensein which hell is:" (Cheers.) Yes, sir; in the same sensein which hell is 
