 From the London Herald of Pease, June 1. Seven years ago, when England was in the deliriouscrisis of the war fever with Russia, we werevery much struck with the fact, that our Americankindred not only regarded the conflict with a muchmore calm and Christian feeling than the great majorityof Englishmen did, but that they really hadformed a far soberer and sounder estimate of themerits of the questions in dispute. No doubt manyof our countrymen would hare passionately deniedthe competence of Americans to have any judgmentin the matter at all, and resented any opinionof theirs, however moderate and respectful, whichdid not fully endorse their own one-sided view ofthe absolute righteousness of England's cause. Butthe best proof that our Transatlantic friends wereright in the more temperate tone they took, is to befound in the fact, that what they thought then, isbecoming more and more what all intelligent Englishmenthink now, as to the character and issues ofthe war with Russia. Far from deeming it "sheerimpertinence," (as an American religious newspaperis pleased to characterize the Address of the PeaceSociety to the People of the United States,) thatour fellow-Christians in that country should speakto us words of peaceful and affectionate counsel, ata moment when it was so imperatively needed, wedid our utmost to bring their impartial opinion tobear upon the judgment and conscience of ourcountrymen. In an article which appeared in theHerald for July, 1855, introducing a number of extractsfrom American journals, we made these remarks:—"It seems quite hopeless at present to lookanywhere among ourselves for such a calm utteranceon the subject of war, as would be befitting thedignity of rational and Christian men. It is someconsolation, therefore, to turn from that fierce strifeof tongues, which prevails in this country, to listento the more dispassionate voice that comes from themen of other lands, who, not being themselves inthe feverish , are able to speak more sober and collected mood. We, therefore,transfer, to our columns a series of extracts fromAmerican newspapers on the subject of the, presentwar, that our countrymen may see a little how thething looks at a distance." then Herald   On the same principle, we sincerely believe that,now, we, on this side of the Atlantic, are better ableto form a clear and correct Christian judgment ofAmerican affairs than the American people themselves,whirled about as they are in the mad maelstromof the fierce political excitement, which seemsto have sucked almost everybody into its vortex.There is nothing really absurd or presumptuous insaying this. It is only applying to nations what, asregards individuals, the common sense and observationof mankind have embodied in such proverbs asthese:—"No man can be a judge in his own case.""Whoever attempts to be his own lawyer, is sure tohave a fool for his client," &. Every one, even,superficially acquainted with history, is well awarethat communities of men are liable to paroxysms ofpassion, which as completely cloud their mental andmoral vision, and as completely disable them for atime from acting with wisdom and dignity, as is thecase with the most choleric man who ever sacrificedhis interest to his temper. In such circumstances,the words of Lord Bacon are as pertinent to nationsas to individuals, where be says that "Dry light isever the best; that is, that the light which a manreceiveth by counsel from another is drier andpurer than that which cometh from his own understandingand judgment, which is ever infused anddrenched in his affections and customs." Nor is itany impeachment of this truth, but quite the contrary,that those who need such counsel may vehementlyand scornfully repel it, and declare that theyare acting, not under the impulse of passion, butunder the inspiration of Heaven. We do not, however, propose to enter upon thepolitical aspects of the question debated betweenthe North and South. We give no opinion as towhether the Union was a confederacy of sovereignStates or one homogeneous commonwealth, in whichthe States had no more independence than a Frenchdepartment or an English county—whether theseceding States had, if not a constitutional, at leasta revolutionary, right to withdraw and organizethemselves into a separate body, as their forefathersdid, when they were colonies of Great Britain—whether, if the latter right be conceded to them,they have exercised it in a legitimate manner,by conventions properly called and constituted—whether, if they nave failed in that respect, it is indispensable,in order to satisfy the dignity of theold Union or the requirements of custom, etiquette,or international law, to fight desperately for a certaintime, before the two parties agree to separate,even though that most inevitably Come at Inst. Allthese moot points we leave. But there is one point, at least, on which evenoar American brethren most admit that BritishChristians are quite as competent as they are toform and to pronounce a judgment, and that is, onthe principles which Christianity teaches, and thespirit it enjoins upon its disciples as respects thosewith whom they are at variance. For this purpose,at any rate, we need not be adepts in the Declarationof Independence, or the Constitution of 1787,or master the writings of Chancellor Kent andJudge Story. With the open Gospel before as, wehave all the materials necessary to qualify as for theinvestigation. And having carefully, and somewhatextensively, rend the American journals for the mattwo or three months, we are bound to my, that thespirit which is now abroad in all parts of the Union,in the North no leas than the Sooth, as not the spiritof Christ. Ever since the capture of Fort Sumter,the people seem, almost with one accord, to havesaid, as respects the Prince of Peace, and all therestraints which his blessed and benignant religionhas imposed upon the malignity of human passion,"Let us break their bands asunder, and cant awaytheir cords from us." Our readers shall judge for themselves. First ofall, President Lincoln declares war against the Southas rebels. To this, Mr. Jefferson Davis responds byauthorizing privateers to go and prey on the commerceof the North. Forthwith, Mr. Lincoln brandshis opponents as pirates, every one of whom heholds himself at liberty to hang at the yard-arm.The Southern merchant, repudiate their debts totheir Northern creditors. The Northern oratorsand journalists threaten wholesale confiscation ofSouthern property, advise "setting free the Southernslaves, and raising them against the Southernrebels," and speak of sweeping the South cleanaway into the Golf of Mexico, and "wiping it fromthe face of the earth," &. We prefer not citingthe wild, frantic language which both parties hurtagainst each other from platform, press and pulpitLet as hope that a good deal of it is to be ascribedto inordinate fondness for that kind of "tall talk,"(to use one of their own expressions,) in which ourTransatlantic cousins are such wonderful adepts,and the unlimited effusion of which is, among fargreater evils, one of the afflictions which humannature will hare to bear, while this conflict lasts. Ifwe are not to believe this, if we are to regard thelanguage held on both sides as soberly interpretingthe sentiments and purposes they mutually cherish,then we may look for a war more ferocious and sanguinarythan any which has dishonored the worldfor ages; a war which will convert one of the mostcivilized and Christian nations of the earth into amere horde of savages, biting and devouring oneanother. But after every allowance is made forrhetorical extravagance and bombast, there is enoughremaining of a spirit which we say, again, is not thespirit of Christ, but of quite another than Christ's,to fill with sorrow and dismay the heart of everygood man. And we say this none the less, but ailthe more, because the spirit in question profanesthe language of the Bible to its own use, prostitutesand travesties the solemn words of inspiration intoa vehicle for giving vent to the hot and hissinganathemas of human hatred and revenge. Nothing,indeed, is more revolting to a dispassionate observer,than the way in which the mist sacred namesand symbols of religion are bandied and tossedabout between the parties, as if, in some of thoseterrible feuds into which the beleaguered Jews fellamong themselves, in the last days of Jerusalem,they had broken into the temple, and used thesacred vessels of God's sanctury as instrumentswherewith to brain and batter each other. Ofcourse, each claims the divine sanction for its ownside, with an unwavering confidence. "In thisgreat struggle," says Dr. Palmer, of New Orleans,"we defend the cause of God and religion. . . . . .To the South the high position is assigned of defending,before all nations, the cause of all religionand of all truth." "You go forth," says HenryWard Beecher, addressing two companies of volunteersin uniform, in his church, on Sunday evening—u you go forth, called by the trust of your countrymen,and by the Spirit of your God, to take thattrailing banner out of the dust and out of the mire";and so on, with the usual tawdry rhetoric about theAmerican flag floating and streaming in the air.universal war-spirit which has sprung up in theNorth, says:—"It is of God. Men are inspired.His Spirit has breathed upon them," &. Butmight we not say to Dr. Palmer, on the one hand,"Where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty";and to Messrs. Beecher and Stone, on the otherhand, "The fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace,long-suffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness,temperance." And is it not mist certain thatthe Great Mister, if he had been on earth, wouldhave sorrowfully said to all three, "Ye know notwhat manner of spirit ye are of"? not  We observe, with inexpressible sorrow, that manyof the leading anti-slavery orators and journals areplunging into the war spirit with a headlong violencewhich almost leaves all competitors behind.The very men who, for years, proclaimed aloud thattheirs was a moral warfare, and disclaimed the useof carnal weapons as only sure to stain the sanctityof their cause, when the hour of temptation came,have yielded with scarcely a struggle, and take thelead in inflaming the passions of their countrymen,and hounding them on to mutual slaughter. Thatthey are making an enormous mistake, we no moredoubt than we doubt our own existence. We neednot say to any of oar English readers, that themembers of the Peace Society are the very last personsin this country who can be suspected of sympathywith or tenderness for slavery. The supportersof our Association have been, and still are,the most strenuous, consistent, and persevering foesof that great abomination to be found in theseislands. Not even in the ranks of American Abolitionists,we will venture to say, are there manywho have made greater exertions and sacrifices forthe emancipation of the slave throughout the world,than those which have been made by oar Sturges,Gurneys, Forsters, Bowlys, Coopers, Richardsons,&. We feel, therefore, that we can bear testimonywhich is beyond all suspicion on this subject. Andwe say again, that, infinite as is the iniquity of slavery,the attempt to abolish it by war is only anattempt to cast oat devils by Beelzebub, the princeof the devils. The Anti-Slavery party in Americaseam to as to commit two capital errors in thecoarse they are. now taking, and errors, too, not ofpolicy merely, bat of principle. First, they act onthe immoral and unchristian axiom, that, in orderto punish or to destroy one crime, we are at libertyto commit another; that they can consent to sacrificeone great principle to the triumph ofanother. They lend their sanction to the plea thatthe end sanctifies the means—that we mar do evilthat good may come. Admitting, nay, emphaticallydeclaring, as many of them have done hitherto, thatall war is wickedness, an outrage upon man, and asin against God, no less surely than slavery, theynow hail H with enthusiastic welcome; and, becausethe demon they have to long denounced has mountedthe ear of popular favor, they attend upon itswheels, and swell the pomp of its march with loaderhazzahs than any of the populace. They hopethereby to direct its infernal agency against theother, the twin-spirit of darkness which they hate.But they forget that the two spring from one source,muster under one banner, and are intimate allies;that the Prince of Evil, to which they both oweallegiance, will take care that they don't damageeach other; for "if Satan east oat Satan, he it dividedagainst himself; how, then, shall his kingdomstand?" They may depend upon it, that "thiskind,"—with which they have been so long contending,—goeth not forth bat by prayer and fasting." Then they commit this other error, against whichthey should have been on their guard, were it onlyfrom the example of their opponents, namely, to acceptas of divine origin and sanction, events, merelybecause they occur, without caring to ascertainwhether they bear any marks which indicate theprobability of such a source. They see the universalout tweak of the war-spirit in the Northagainst the South, and they straightway exclaim,"This is of God." How do they know that it is ofGod? Is it because it has happened? Why, then,slavery is also of God. And have they not beenthroughout the years protesting against the blasphemyof laying at the door of the Supreme aniniquitous institution, because He has permitted itin his Providence to come into existence? Whatindications are there, about this uprising of theNorth, that should entitle them to trace it to a divinesource? Has it sprung from sympathy withthe oppressed, from righteous indignation againstwrong? They cannot pretend to believe that ithas. They know, none better, that it is, to a largeextent, the mere offspring of national pride andbellicose passion, and if they trust to this m a meansof abolishing slavery, as sure as they are living men,they will find that they are "trusting in the staff ofa broken reed, whereon if a man lean, it will gointo his hand and pierce it." For let not the friends of the stare on this side of thewater be deceived. This is not an anti-slavery war.That slavery is remotely the cause of it, is beyondall question. But the great bulk of the men whoare now swelling the war-cry, and rushing into theranks to fight, are men who despise the "nigger"and hate the Abolitionists as cordially as ever. Thefact mentioned in some of the anti-slavery journalsof America, that the very tame man who mobbedand booted Wendell Phillips in the streets of Bostonafter an anti-slavery oration, a few weeks ago, werewith difficulty restrained, only a fortnight later, fromcarrying him on their shoulders in triumph to hishouse, after a pro-war lecture, ought surely to haveopened the eyes of our anti-slavery friends to thequality of that sort of excitement over which theyso prematurely triumph. Already, indications areappearing, which begin to awaken, as they well may,ominous misgivings in their hearts. The first act ofGeneral Butler, of Massachusetts, was to offer theuse of his troops to suppress an insurrection of slavesin Maryland. Another Northern officer, Col. Corcoran,has, we are told, given "assurances that heand his command would as readily march down toSouth Carolina to put down an insurrection of theslaves, as they were now doing to suppress a rebellionof the masters." "It is reported," says a NorthernRepublican paper, M that Governor Sprague hasreturned to their owner at Washington three slavesthat followed the Rhode bland regiment soon tenmiles, hoping to escape. We have also heard a reportfrom Fort Monroe, that they are much annoyedby fugitive slaves seeking refuge there, but in allcases they are returned." but in allcases they are returned. And what are the comments of this Republicanjournal on the facts it cites? Here they are:— "This action, and the proposition of Gen. Butler tosuppress a negro insurrection, may seem monstrous tosome harem sacrum zealots, who regard this as an opportunityto perfect what John Brown failed to accomplish;hut if there is one duty we can owe the Southnow, or that we do owe the world and cash other, it isto show that our sole and only object is the maintenanceof the constitutional government, and that wewill not war upon any local institutions that do notstand in hostility to the government, and least of allwill we turn barbarians, and incite slaves to the murderof women and children. To do that would sinkbutchering hordes of Syria. No—none of this; Wego to war to sustain the national banner and the nationalgovernment, and our own acts must show, andwill show, how deluded has been the South in supposingthat we wish to violate their lights, disturb theirproperty, or interfere with their local customs andhabits."  Very significant, also, is this fact mentioned in theAmerican Baptist, that, two or three weeks ago, thecolored people of New York met at the AssemblyRooms, for the purpose of forming a regiment, andtendering their services to the Government, duringthe present war. When they arrived at the Hall,they found a police officer at the door, who informedthem that Superintendent Kennedy sympathizedwith their movement, but could not allow them toopen the house, lost it "might lead to some >unpleasantnessin yew York, as well exasperate the South." American Baptist >unpleasantnessin yew York The people of this country ought to know thatthere were nearly a million of adult males in theNorth, who voted at the last election for the proslaverycandidate against Mr. Lincoln, and that bytar the largest proportion of those who voted in hisfavor went no farther than the principle of freesoilism;that is, resistance to a further extension ofslavery, with no purpose or wish whatever to promoteits abolition where it already exists. The genuineAbolitionists, in truth, are a small minority.Do we say this in disparagement or contempt ofthem. So far otherwise, that there are no men livingwhom we hold in sincerer reverence. They area minority, simply because they hold a position whichit requires a degree of public virtue, of moral courage,and of self-denial, to occupy, which few can attainto. But, in proportion as we honor these men,do we grieve to find them quit the high ground ofmoral influence on which they have hitherto plantedtheir foot, to mingle with the howling multitude whoare now clamoring for war; throwing aside the"peaceful, moral, rational, legal, and constitutional"means they have hitherto boasted of using, to fingereagerly those carnal weapons which are not mightythrough God to the pulling down of the strongholdsof evil. We rejoice, indeed, to find the able editorof the Anti-Slavery Standard, who, like the rest, wasfor a time swept away with the torrent, now beginto resume the possession of his own sound judgmenton this matter. "So far," he says, u from expectinga sudden anti-slavery millennium, we think that thepresent excitement against the South will very likelybe followed by a strong pro-slavery reaction." Anti-Slavery Standard In truth, it is difficult for us, who look at the mattercalmly from a distance, to resist the impressionthat the fierce war excitement, now raging in theNorth, is far more a matter of pride and passionthan of any principle whatever. Even that vehementseal for the integrity of the Union, of whichwe now hear so much, has to a great extent sprunginto existence since the capture of Fort Sumter.Before that time, we heard little of the inviolablesanctity of the Constitution, of the impossibility ofsuffering the South to secede, without relinquishing,at the same time, the very foundations of all government.On the contrary, many of the leading journalsstrenuously advocated the separation, It is notmany weeks since the New York Tribune, which isnow the very Coryphaeus of the cry for war to theknife, in order to coerce the South back into theUnion, wrote these words:— Tribune "If the Cotton States unitedly and earnestly wishto withdraw peacefully from the Union, we think theyshould, and would be, allowed to do so. Any attemptto compel them by force to remain would be contraryto the principles enunciated in the immortal Declarationof Independence—contrary to the fundamentalIdeas on which human liberty la based."—New YorkTribune, November, 1860. New YorkTribune, November "We repeatedly ask those who dissent front ourview of this matter to tell us frankly whether they do,or do not, assent to Mr. Jefferson's statement in theDeclaration of Independence, that governments derivetheir Just powers from the consent at the governed;and that whenever any form of governmentbecomes destructive to ends, it Is the right of thepeople to alter or abolish it, and to institute a new government,&., &. We do heartily accept this doctrine,believing it intrinsically sound. beneficent, and onethat, universally accepted, is calculated to prevent theshedding of sees of human blood. And, if it justifiedthe secession from the British Empire of three millionsof colonists in 1776, we do not see why it wouldnot justify the succession of five millions of Southernersfrom the Federal Union in 1861." 
