 It is the settled determination of the people ofthe United States that this war shall go forwarduntil the Rebellion is crushed, the theory of Secessionannihilated, and slavery effectually crippled, ifnot abolished. This end may require years for itsaccomplishment and hundreds of millions of money,but there will be not faltering no abandoning of thewar. The people demand that the issue betweenfreedom and slavery shall be decided, now and forever.Says the Christian Advocate and Journal:— Christian Advocate and Journal "There is not an island in the sea, nor a hamleton the bread continents, that has not stake in theissue. It is not New England and the Middle andWestern States, with their manufacturing and commercialmillions alone, that are to be affected; butmen of all climes and through all time. The causesat work go into history, and sooner or later mustbe prolific of consequences over the entire race.Great M present effects are, they are comparativelynothing. Who can measure the effects of the warof the Revolution? In the righting up of the nations,God has ordained that this nation should havea part; and it is no vanity to say a conspicuouspart. We dare not disappoint the decree. Woe beto the hand that attempts to arrest the fiat of Heaven!  That hand has been lifted! Men in the Southhave proclaimed with oaths that the governmentshall be abolished; have banded together, that thestars and stripes shall be stricken down; that, dishonoredand degraded in the eyes of other nations,and distracted and demoralized among ourselves,our power shall be broken, and the hopes of thework! blasted. To accomplish this, they hoist theflag of rebellion and sound the bugle of war! Withwords of defiance they come to meet us and executetheir threat. The interests in behalf of which theymake war upon us are mammon and slavery: theyoffer us an overthrow, that they may extend and establishforever the enslavement of millions of humanbeings! This is the issue. There are two alternatives.One is to submit, to bow down, andmake no resistance; to say to them, (Gentlemen,have it your own way; we are men of peace, anddo not believe in bloodshed. If we take this course,we shall save the lives of our sons, and the immediatehorrors of war! Dare we do it? With theeyes of the glorious past upon us, and with the imploringgaze of unborn generations looking to us,under the awful gaze of the Almighty, who holdsus responsible for the part we act, dare we do it? The other alternative is civilized warfare. Wemust meet them, and say to them, with the thunderof guns, and the gleam of bayonets, Hands off!Dare, we refuse? Admit that some, perhaps many,will die; that our land shall be filled with wailings,that our wealth shall lie consumed, that most thatwe loved upon earth shall lie lost in the struggle—still, with the awful responsibility resting upon us,dare we refuse? Never! Appealing to the Searcherof Hearts for the justice of our cause, impelled by asense tit oar obligations to posterity, we most acceptthe challenge. We have done so. The nation hasrisen up as one man, from Maine to our Westernborder, and said, Ready! The bridegroom has desertedhis bride weeping blessings on his bosom; theson has torn himself from the arms of his mother,pronouncing benedictions on his bead; and in bravethousands, men have rushed around the standardand capital of the land. May God be with them,and give us soon an honorable peace!" 
