 The following letter has been addressed to theEarl of Shaftesbury:— "LONDON, May 24. ONDON MY LORD,—I have spent several months in yourfavored land, travelling extensively and sneakingoften, in behalf of the Turkish Mission Aid Society,which is honored with your lordship's name as itsPresident. I have everywhere met a warm welcomeand the kindest hospitality amongst Christiansof at least six different religious denominations;and everywhere have I witnessed a very deep sympathyand interest in the present distressed state ofAmerica. Indeed, nothing could be more delightfulthan the general tone of this Christian regard forthe welfare of my country, as well as the deep interestevinced in the American missionaries andtheir work in the distant East. Y ORD In now taking a grateful and very filial leave ofour 'Fatherland,' to set my face toward my nativecountry, I would beg to express to your lordship andother British Christians my earnest hope that theywill not, in this crisis of America, forget the fact thatthe present struggle there is far more a moral thana political one. That (rod has taken the monstrousevil of sin and slavery in hand, and designs to shakeit down by civil war, as the proximate, if not theimmediate agency, I have not the shadow of adoubt. It is an issue inaugurated and precipitatedby the slaveholders themselves, in their wild infatuation.And yet, for the present state of things inAmerica, England is immensely, though indirectly,responsible. I say this with no purpose of reflection,but in grateful acknowledgment. The noblelessons on freedom and right, and on the abominationsof American slavery, which our 'Fatherland'has faithfully given on, year after year, from thepulpit, the platform, the press, and the forum,—among them, many 'thoughts that breathe andwords that burn' from your lordship's own glowinglips and pen,—have worked in our Northern Statescorresponding sentiments and principles, till, afterexercising unparalleled forbearance under equallyunparalleled injury and abuse, they have risen intheir might to stay the wrathful tide, now surgingand vaunting itself in open rebellion and wholesalesystematic piracy. On the moral countenance, byprayer and sympathy, which England shall give tothem American Union in its present struggle, maygreatly depend the length and the severity of thatstruggle, and the character of its issues. Let me,then, implore that your countrymen may in no wayweaken the hands of their American brethren, whoare so ready to poor oat their treasures and theirblood for the cause of God and of man, which yonhave so long and so effectively called on them toassert and maintain. With profound respect, I am your lordship's mostobedient servant, JUSTIN PERKINS, Te'rty yo is a Missionary of the A.B.C.F.M. in Parsis." Lor I shaftesbu v is reported—we trust falsely—to be inclined to favor the Southern Confederacy. 
