 No Presidential Election has ever occurred at allcomparable in magnitude, solemnity and far-reachingconsequences to the one which came off on Tuesdaylast. The hosts of freedom and the powers of despotismmet in a death-grapple, and the latter have beensent howling to the pit from which they emanated,while the former are singing songs of praise andthanksgiving. The doom of Rebellion and Slaveryis now irrevocably pronounced. The vote in Boston stood for Lincoln, 12,936; forMcClellan, 7870; Lincoln's plurality, 5066. For Governor—Andrew,12,788; for Palmer, 7841. GovernorAndrew is re-elected by an immense majority. The greatest anxiety was felt in regard to the resultin the Third and Fourth Districts; but to thegeneral surprise and delight, the vote stood for Rice,9708; for Sleeper, 5865. For Hooper, 10,403; forAbbott, 5488. These are signal triumphs. At anearly hour in the evening, A procession of Mr. Rice'sconstituents was formed, and with lanterns and transparenciesmarched to his residence in Union Square,where, appearing on the balcony, he was congratulatedby E.W. Kinsley, Esq. upon his re-election; towhich Mr. Rice made a patriotic response. The congregated thousands united in singing, withthrilling effect, the familiar lines of the fine old hymn, "My native country, thee,Sweet land of liberty,Of thee I sing," & C.   The band then struck up "Old Hundred," and thevast concourse joined in signing the doxology—"Praise God from whom all blessings flow."—whichwas followed by the "John Brown Song," which wassung with immense enthusiasm. From the Square, the procession marched to FaneuilHall, which was crowded to overflowing with ajoyous multitude, who greeted the returns, as thetelegraph flashed them from every quarter of theStates, with cheers and shouts such as have seldombeen heard even within those venerable walls, wherethe people are most wont to congregate. Eloquentand inspiring speeches were made by Hon. CharlesSumner, Hon. Edward Everett, Hon. A.H. Rice, Hon.Samuel Hooper, Dr. George B. Loring, and manyothers, the great crowd remaining together, withscarcely an appreciable diminution of its numbers, tillmidnight. The grand result in Massachusetts, as far as ascertainedis as follows:—307 towns foot up for Lincoln,119,087; McClellan, 40,273. Lincoln's majority,70,8141 28 towns to be heard from. The State Senate is entirely Union, and the Democratshave thus far elected six members to the Houseof Representatives, and these are from three wards ofBoston in which the Irish element exerts a controllingpower. The electoral votes already certain for Mr. Lincolncan be set down as follows:—Maine 7, New Hampshire5, Vermont 5, Massachusetts 12, Rhode Island4, Connecticut 6, Pennsylvania 26, Delaware 3, Maryland7, Ohio 21, Indiana 13, Illinois 16, Michigan8, Wisconsin 8, Iowa 8, Minnesota 4, Nebraska 4,Kansas 3, West Virginia 5, Missouri 11, California 5,Oregon 3. Total 183. Only 117 votes are needed toconstitute an electoral majority. Loyalty has made aclean sweep, and Copperheadism is buried beyondthe hope of resurrection. McClellan is sure of oneState—perfidious Kentucky, with her 11 votes. NewJersey and New York are still doubtful—though theEmpire State has probably gone for Lincoln by a smallmajority. There were 109,000 votes cast in New York city,of which McClellan has a majority of over 37,000.—It is said that Fernando Wood and James Brooks aredefeated for Congress. A special Washington dispatch states that GeneralMcClellan has sent in his resignation to the Secretaryof War. It is to his deep disgrace that he did not dothis long ago. The nation has strongly put its sealof condemnation upon him. Let him shrink backinto his original insignificance. 
