 CELEBRATION AT THE HEADQUARTERS OF THESUPERVISORY COMMITTEE FOR THE RECRUITINGOF UNITED STAES COLORED TROOPS. The abolition of human slavery in the State ofMaryland becoming a fixed fact yesterday, by theact of the Governor, seconding the efforts of thepeople of that section of the Union, the event wascelebrated in Philadelphia yesterday in a variety ofways. The colored population had their own timein their respective localities in our city. Lombardand South streets, where many of the "proscribedrace" live, were gay, flags flying from all thewindows of many dwellings. Salutes of thirty-fiveguns each were fired in different parts of Philadelphia.Six companies of the colored regiment atCamp Wm. Penn made a parade, and their soldierlyappearance was the subject of much admiration. The event of the day took place last evening—or,rather, the festivity culminated in a grand demonstrationat the headquarters of the SupervisoryCommittee for Colored Troops, on Chestnut street,above Twelfth. The building, with its immensetransparency when fully illuminated, gave the entirestructure a magical appearance—gay, attractiveand eminently patriotic. In the midst of the glareof red fire, reflecting upon ten thousand upturnedfaces, the waving of flags, and other ensigns ofpatriotism, the musical notes of the band, a meetingwas improvised by Mr. Thomas Webster. An addresswas delivered by Mr. Thomas No. Coleman,though suffering from the effects of a blow that hereceived from a sneaking Copperhead assassin onMonday night. He was loudly cheered, and hethanked his God, as a Marylander, that the brightsun of liberty now illumines his native State. Mr. Coleman was followed by Mr. Trimble, ofTennessee, Hon. Wm. D. Kelley, Captain N.H.Edgerton, of Chester country, recently promoted bythe indomitable General Butler for gallant conduct.The Captain was wounded in a recent battle. Hewas followed by Wm. H. Maurice, who recited thepoetry, "No Slave Beneath the Starry Flag."Major Dehring and other gentlemen made patrioticspeeches, and the greatest enthusiasm prevailed. The transparency, taken as a whole, is the largestand one of the most imposing ever displayed topublic view; it certainly is very appropriate to theage which we live. It attracted the attention ofthousand of people yesterday; and last evening, itbeing brilliantly illuminated for the first time, adense mass of citizens congregated in front thereof.It may be said to be the production ofthe genius ofMr. Thomas Webster, a gentleman who has donethe "State some service" in the supervision of therecruiting of the United States colored troops.The transparency consists of a number of pictures,graphically portrayed by the skill of members ofthe Artists' Sketch Club of Philadelphia. Wecommence our description of the scene at the top.On the centre is a cupola surmounted by a flag-staffabout fifty feet long, from which the emblemof our nation is unfurled. In the gentle westerlybreeze of last evening, it displayed its glorious starsand stripes to admiring thousands. In the cupola isa large bell, with the motto the same as on old Independencebell, that was rung when youngAmerica struck for freedom from British usurpationand tyranny: Proclaim liberty throughoutall the land, to all the inhabitants thereof." all all Beneath the bell, and extending across the top ofthe transparency, is the following, in large letters,constructed of gas-jets: This motto is flanked on the right and left withtwo lights, each representing the lamp of life. Immediately beneath the motto is a large picture,24 feet 7 in, by 8 feet, reaching across the entirefront of the building. This represents the stormingPort Hudson, a rebel stronghold taken by the blacksoldiers, and which success contributed greatly tothe opening of the "Father of Waters," the Mississippi,by which rebeldom was split in two. Thepicture is very graphic and artistic. The motto,from a poem of Mr. George Boker, is on the top:"Never in field or tent scorn a black regiment." "Never in field or tent scorn a black regiment." Immediately beneath the storming scene of PortHudson are three panels, each being two feet byeight feet two inches, containing choice maxims ormottoes of Washington, Jefferson and PatrickHenry. They read as follows: "There is not a man living who wishes more sincerelythan I do to see a plan adopted for the ABOLITION OFSLAVERY."—Washington's Letter to Robert Morris. Washington's Letter to Robert Morris. Of Slavery, Jefferson, the father of Democracy,says: "The Almighty has no attribute which can take sideswith us in such a contest." "It would rejoice my very soul that every one of myfellow-beings was emancipated. I shall honor the Quakersfor heir noble efforts to ABOLISH SLAVERY."—Patrich Henry. every Patrich Henry. In the centre of the scene is a large arch, 13 feetwide and 52 feet high. The arch is very elaboratelyfinished, being a representation of stone work, 13in number, supported by Corinthian columns. Eachstone represents a virtue, enumerated as follows:Religion, Liberty, Education, Charity, Fraternity,Frugality, Temperance, Truth, Courage, Justice,Love, Labor, Honesty. We may say that the Keystoneof the Arch is labelled Justice. Upon theapex or crown of the arch is a representation of thecoat of arms of the State of Maryland, over whichis the word "Resurgens," which means arising afterawakening. Just above the spring line of thearch is the following: Resurgens "We hold there truths to be self-evident, that all menare created equal; that they are endowed by their Creatorwith certain inalienable rights; that among these are life,liberty, and the pursuit of happiness."—Declaration of Independence,July 4, 1776. Declaration of Independence,July A well-painted eagle, holding in its talons theemblems of peace and war, has a picture withinthe scope of the arch. The scroll issuing from itsbeak contains the following: "Emancipation inMaryland accomplished in 1864." Beneath theeagle is the following: "Maryland settled by GeorgeCalvert, Baron of Baltimore—Ireland—a Catholicranked among the most wise and benevolent lawgivers, of all ages. The first in the history of theChristian world to seek for religious security andpeace by the practice of justice; to plan the establishmentof popular institutions with the enjoymentof liberty of conscience; to advance thecause of civilization by recognizing the rightfulequality of all Christian sects." Emancipation inMaryland accomplished in Now, A.D. 1864, by emancipating over 100,000Christian slaves, by the free votes of the people,proves that at last she is entirely true to the nobleteachings of her immortal Founder, and that sherealizes his grand ideas of Justice by adopting aConstitution which secures to all men the enjoymentof all their natural rights, without regard to creed,color, or country. Hail to glorious Maryland! "Our" Maryland,first to guarantee "free liberty of religion," first tounconditionally disenthrall her slaves, first to typifya regenerated South. Hail! "Liberty and Union,now and forever, one and inseparable." On each column, in scroll-work, we observe thenames of the following illustrious men: C. Carroll of Carrolton, William Paca, Sam. Chase, Gen. Wm. Smallwood, Col. J. Edgar Howard, Com. Josh. Barney, Matt. Tilghman, Thomas Johnson, William Pinkney, William Wirt, Ben. Bannaker, (colored,) R. Goodloe Harper, Luther Martin, William Crane, Henry Winter Davis, H.L. Bond, R. Stockett Matthews, Archibald Sterling, E.M. Stanton, Gen. Robert C. Schenck, Col. Wm. D. Birney, Col. S.M. Bowman, R.B. Forten, (colored,) W.E. Straughn, A.J. Cresswell, H.H. Goldsborough, Gov. A.W. Bradford. On one plinth are figures 1776, and on the other1864. Both plinths contain, beneath the figuresthe word "Faith." The coat of arms of Maryland, that rests on thearch-crown, is flanked right and left by angels blowingthe trump of fame. On either side of thegrand arch are panels, four in number, each beingten feet six inches by five feet nine inches. Thetop panel to the left represents the wounded scoutand contraband. The former is held in an uprightposition, being faint from exhaustion and loss ofblood, which may be seen trickling from his arm.The contraband is looking towards heaven. Theground scene represents a Southern canebrake.This painting is taken from Rodgers' statuette, andit suggests a volume of history at once. The top picture on the right represents a conflictbetween a colored soldier and a secesh officer. Theformer has his bayonet at the breast of the rebel, whilethe other has his uplifted sword, and is about' todeal a second blow, the first blow having alreadydrawn blood from the soldier. The countenance ofthe rebel is a blending of savage ferocity, wildnessof despair, and fear. The soldier has his left footfirmly upon the rebel flag marked C.S.A. Thisrepresents a scene which already forms an interestingpage in the history of the rebellion, as recordedin Major General Butler's congratulatory order.The contest took place at New Market Heightsnear Richmond, Sept. 29, 1864. On the left lower corner represents a slave auctionin the State of Maryland. A well-developeddescendant of Ham is already on the block. Hestands with his arms folded. Behind him is theauctioneer, a long, lean, lantern-jawed specimen ofa "nigger-seller," before him a group of men ofall sorts and sizes, apparently engaged in biddingagainst each other for the possession of the "chattel."At the foot of the auctioneer's desk are thewife and the children of the slave grouped together.The wife is downcast; the tear of anguish at thethought of separation is trickling down her cheek.The children are too young to appreciate the enormityof the affair. The following mottoes are onthis picture. On the top: "God fixed it certain that whatever dayMakes man a slave takes half his worth away."  —Pope. Pope. At the bottom is the following motto: "Thousands of men, women and children sold annuallyunder Maryland's old Constitution to the far South." We now turn our attention to the picture on theright lower corner. Here we observe a school-housein the distance, with its neat cupola and bellsummoning the rising generation of the "proscribedrace" to school. The scene is laid in St. Mary'scountry, Md. A. fine, fat-looking specimen ofa colored woman points to the building dedicated topurposes of popular education. A little boy andgirl are on the way to the place thus pointed outby the matron. This suggestive picture cannot helpreceiving popular favor of all intelligent classes whoknow the value of education. On the top of thispicture is the well-known motto: "Emancipation proclaimed January 1, 1863, byABRAHAM LINCOLN,Practically enforced by glorious GRANT,Indomitable SHERMAN,Irresistible SHERIDAN, andConquering FARRACUT.Let us sustain them by our ballots, and makeEmancipation a Fact Fixed Forever."  BRAHAM INCOLN  RANT  HERMAN  HERIDAN  ARRACUT.   At the lower part of the panel or painting is thefollowing inscription: "12,000 colored soldiers nowat the front, fighting for the Union." The lower panel, which forms, it may be said, thebase of the entire picture, is 18 feet 6 inches inlength by 6 feet wide. It contains on one end agood likeness of President Lincoln, and on the otheran excellent representation of the next Vice President,Andrew Johnson of Tennessee. Betweenthese portrait are the following words: these portrait are the following words: "Ties Education forms the common mind." The space between the front of the house and thetransparency is appropriated to the portraits of thefollowing named men of progress; civil, military,and naval: Generals Grant, Sheridan, Sherman,Butler, Phelps; Admirals Farragut, Porter, Dupont;Captain Winslow, Hon E.M. Stanton, Hon. Wm.D. Kelley, and Hon. John Hickman. The transparencywas illuminated with 154 gas jets, the entireexpense being raised by voluntary contributions.The artists engaged in thus transferring to canvassthe design of Mr. Webster are Messrs. Geo F. Bensell,Joseph Beale, J.D. Wilson, E.B. Censell, D.R. Knight, and Wm. E. Smith. In addition to the above, a fine painting of a coloredsoldier shot down, but still holding the flag up.Another soldier is about to take the emblem of nationalityfrom him. This transparency was exhibitedat the opposite side of the way. There were manyflags also exhibited, containing the following mottoes,among others:— "200,000 men of color are now fighting for their countryin the army and navy."—Abraham Lincoln. Abraham Lincoln. There are no negro traitors. Maryland obeys the divine injunction: "To loose thehands of wickedness, to undo the heavy burdens, and to letthe oppressed go free, and to break every yoke."—Isaiah53: 6. Isaiah "Sie Semper Tyrannia." —Philadelphia Press. Philadelphia Press. 
