 NEW ORLEANS, (La.) Oct. 20, 1864. EW RLEANS MY DEAR SIR—My letter which you printed hasreached here, and has called out the enclosed articlesin the New Orleans Tribune, the alleged organ of thefree colored Creoles. The Tribune cannot be fairlysaid to represent that large and influential class of ourpeople. The free colored Creoles are divided intocastes, very sharply defined. Some of them werecontributors to the rebel fund for the defence of thecity against the Federal forces. Indeed, there arenot more decided confederates to be found in theSouth than may be found among the free colored Creolesof Louisiana. This rebel party is not large, butit is rich, aristocratic, exclusive, and bitterly hostile tothe black, except as a slave. Y EAR IR Tribune Tribune The publishers of the Tribune are not of that class;they are loyal. The principal in the paper is an educatedphysician, of skill and professional intelligence,but, as you will see by the articles, not familiar withthe relations of men and of parties in the early Anti-Slaveryof the North. This ignorance of party divisionsis not confined to men of color: it is a strikingfeature of all society here. The Abolitionist was regardedas an "ogre," and they card little about thevarieties, while the species was so bad. I have beenfrequently amused, on being introduced as an Abolitionist,at the expression of surprise that I had retainedany of the amenities of life. A lady, one of themost intelligent and elegant whom I have met in theSouth,—and such are not rare,—with whom I traveledseveral days, expressed to me her sense of horrorwhen she learned that an Abolitionist was on boardthe boat,—the first of the genus she had ever seen! Tribune The Tribune is, therefore, excusable in respect of itsmistakes on that score. But its attempt to extend myremark, that some "had not attained to the gracesand the wisdom of freedom" to all the colored Creolepeople, is disingenuous. No one knows better thanthe Tribune how highly I estimate that class of ourpeople. What I said of them, in my speeches in thiscity, a year and a half ago, I repeat here, and now,with increased emphasis. Tribune Tribune Measured by the political disabilities and otherwrongs to which they have been so long subjected, thefree colored Creoles of New Orleans and of Louisiana,as a class, excel in loyalty, courage, wealth, education,intelligence, and character. In the days of peril inNew Orleans, before the fall of Fort Hudson, whenwhite men shrank from duty, the free colored Creolessprang by regiments to the defence of a city and of aGovernment that disowned them. It was largely in consideration of this class thatthe late Constitutional Convention of Louisiana, afterabolishing slavery, and declaring that the Legislatureshall pass no law recognizing property in man, inserteda clause, authorizing the Legislature to extent theright of suffrage to individuals or classes who may bequalified to vote by educational fitness, or by havingfought for their country. Failing to exclude the word"white" from the Constitution, the friends of thecolored man fell back upon that clause. It was defeatedby a strong vote. Four weeks afterward, uponthe return of Major General Banks, by his clear andforcible statement of the case to leading men in theConvention, it was reconsidered and passed, and withthe Constitution has been ratified by the people. The Tribune implies a censure of me because I defendthe "Orders " of Major General Banks. I confess,frankly, that I do not know of any "Order" of his,affecting the colored man, that was not founded inwisdom, from the necessities of the case, and that hasnot worked well. Tribune I enclose the Report of our colored schools.* Youwill see how they flourish. It is a noble labor, andfills every faculty with satisfaction. The efficiency ofthe schools is greatly promoted by the scholarship andlabor of Lieut. E.M. Wheelock, chaplain of the 15thN.H., who was detailed to service on the Board inthe beginning. Chaplain Wheelock was the pastor ofthe Unitarian Church at Dover, N.H. No one butan old Abolitionist can realize my sense of exultantgratitude as I walk round the free city of New Orleans,meeting constantly the grateful salute of thecolored man, free and in arms, or hearing the voicesof his children in church or school, or in a concert—athousand strong—singing the national airs, or JohnBrown, or some liberty hymn of the period. * can By order or Major General Banks, all the "signs"of the slave-pens or auctions were erased. The namesof Hatch's, Foster's, Wilson's, Campbell's, have disappearedfrom their respective houses. Campbell'sslave-pen is a rebel-prison. "Got in dar ye-self," aa black woman said, as she saw the rebel prisonersfilling into the old pen. "Use' to put us dar! Gotdar ye-self now. 'De Lord's comin'" A few of theold slave-traders remain, gliding about like ghosts,and wasting away daily in the uncongenial atmosphereof freedom. The city of New Orleans, freed of all bondage andthe signs thereof, is a city in which to dwell. Its localityand climate; the sweep of its crescent, on thegreat river; the scale of its projection; the imposingwidth of its streets and avenues; the parks andshell-roads and canals, with the lake beyond, openingupon the sea, from which there are over fifty wateravenues to the town; the garden-district, dotted withcosy homes and costly dwellings; the luxuriant foliage;the wild mocking-birds; the varied flora; thefish and game; the natural generosity and intense lifeof the people; the quaint old "French quarter," withits narrow streets, low houses, tile roofs, latticed casements,beautiful women and graceful men, or ancientdames with an amplitude of costume and great frillsand ruffles; or old men, with small feet and thin legs,who wear cull-caps and dressing gowns, and smoke;all talking incessantly in their perplexing French, orin the soft and winning Spanish or Italian; the oldcourt-house, in which the very stones are whiteningfrom age and humidity; the "Jackson Square," overwhich the cathedral looks benignantly—crowded asthe church is, at daylight on Sunday morning, withdevotees who, after Mass, issue from the solemn enclosureand the grand music to the adjacent Frenchmarket, with its Sicilian venders of fish and onions;it coffee stands, with little cups of hot, black coffee,exhilarating as "hasheesh"; its diminutive donkey-carts,laden with hay, as primitive as in the days ofLaban and Rachel; its handsome Creoles, lost invast projecting sun-bonnets, with capes to the waist;each lady followed by a colored attendant with a basket,and wearing a picturesque turban gracefully foldedand tied, as only a colored woman can tie a turban;the dotting uniforms of Federal officers, who havearisen thus early to see; the army of smokers; therush and push and twist and pull and hawl and jabberof all nationalities, intent on buying and selling, andflirting and coquetting:—beyond, a monkey-show,with a furnished boa-constrictor, a sickly looking tiger,a dilapidated monkey, and a baby with six toes; overthe way, in a sequestered out-house, a cock-pit and adog-pit"— see; "Where dogs delight to bark and bite"—For this they mostly do—  near by, a huge machine, whirling constantly, towhich is attached a squadron of hobby-horses, onwhich soldiers, even cavalry men, with civilians, men,women and children, of all shades and conditions,whirl and whirl, for a dime spice, and sing, and laugh,and have fun;—all these, together, make New Orleanslike unto no other American city. He will not be awise ruler who shall attempt to Puritanize it by militaryorder or by sumptuary laws. If, sometimes, I am tempted to sigh for may Northernbills—and for the constellations that changed notthrough all the years of vicissitude—and for the snowand the ice—and for the red blood and the vigorousmovement of my people—I turn quickly to this newfield, and say, "Here will I stay; for here is theAnti-Slavery labor to be finished." B. RUSH PLUMLY. WM. LLOYD GARRISON. M. LOYD ARRISON. *We regret that we cannot find room for this very encouragingReport in our present number. *We regret that we cannot find room for this very encouragingReport in our present number. 
