 ON THE CONDITION OF THE NEGRO POPULATION AS CONNECTEDWITH THE REORGANIZATION OF GOVERNMENTIN REBEL STATES. Delivered before the Boston Young Men's Christian Association,in Tremont Temple, Oct. 31. Delivered before the Boston Young Men's Christian Association,in Tremont Temple, Oct. Mr. President and Ladies and Gentlemen:, Myexperience has led me to appreciate highly thesuccessful labors of the Young Men's Christian Associationsof this and of other parts of our country;and I come here especially to-night to make acknowledgementsfor those with whom I have been associated,my comrades in the field, for the great benefitsthat have been conferred by them upon us, uponthe service, and upon the holy cause of our country.It was said by of the greatest of the Marshalsof France, that the reward of the soldier was in theperformance of his duty; and except from outsideinfluences and powers, little more than this comes toany man whose profession is exclusively in arms.Whatever he gains—of honor, of fortune, or ofpower—it usually from other and very differentsources; but it is a high happiness, impossible fullyto be measured, to know in the hour of trial and ofperil, and perhaps of death, that his services are rememberedat home. Much more, even, than thatwhich is conferred, either in luxury or in any otherform of service which is rendered to him—muchmore important and dear is the knowledge that thepeople for whom he labors, and for whom he assumesthe position of peril, remember him, the cause inwhich he is engaged, and the services which he is torender. Mr. President and Ladies and Gentlemen: The Young Men's Christian Association and SanitaryCommission, their varied, their energetic andtheir successful labors, mark the brightest pages ofthe history of our country, and have contributedmaterially to solace those who are engaged in thedefence of our flag, and to the success of the causeof the nation. For myself, Mr. President, foryou with whom I have been associated, I tenderyou my acknowledgments and their acknowledgmentsfor that which you have done for us. Much oppressed with labors and anxieties ofvaried character, it is impossible for me to presentmyself before an audience of this kind, with the expectationthat in any possible degree I can answerthe call which is made upon me, and I do not nowcome with a hope even that I shall instruct, gratifyor amuse, but will state as briefly and as plainly asI can some considerations upon one, at least, of theimportant topics involved in the great strugglethrough which our country is passing, and whichmuch be considered and settled before any permanentpeace can be established. One of the most active and influential of the diplomaticagents of this country abroad stated to mesome years since, that Humboldt, who, always deeplyinterested in our affairs, followed our career tothe end of his own, predicted the overthrow of theinstitutions of this country upon this ground, (and atsuch a time as I indicate,) that when our jurisdictionwas extended further southward, as far perhaps asthe Amazon, including multitudes of people whowere without institutions of education or religion,it would be impossible for a Republican Governmentto extend its power over them, and maintainas authority and the purity of its principles at thesame time. It may be there is much truth in thesuggestion; and at the time, looking at our tendenciesthen, it seemed as if this consideration wereimmediately pregnant and important. But the principleembodied in this remark is always important.Government or the institutions of government cannotbe improvised; they grow. They grow slowly—in a wise government surely—scarcely ever rapidlywhen they grow safely. It is as impossible for anarmy or a President to improvise a government republicanin its character and permanent in its naturehere, as it would be for an army to create acrocodile. It is an institution of a power of slowgrowth, and wherever it is permanent and safe, it issupported by institution having no immediate referenceto government itself or its power, but withoutwhich government or its power cannot long be maintained.Those principles to which Humboldt referredcertainly are important institutions of educationand religion, are indispensable to any government,but they admit of consideration more in detail. Oneof the elements involved in the two which I havenamed is that of industry. The industry of a nationmust be the basis of its government, and characterizeits nature and its principles as well as itspermanency or duration. It is this thought thatleads me, in the remarks that I propose to make toyou. Before there can be any permanent Settlementof the affairs of this country, there must be an arrangementof the industry of that portion now ininsurrection upon some permanent, just and satisfactorybasis. If the Union succeeds in maintainingits authority, that industry will be organized uponthe principle of absolute and permanent freedom.(Applause.) If the Confederacy succeeds in itspurposes, that interest will be organized as now uponthe principle of slavery. It may perhaps be saidthat, before any permanent even in arms canbe obtained, some idea of the principle upon whichthe institutions of this country are to be mouldedmust be determined. For in all successful conteststhere is, if not an express, at least a concededpurpose which is to be obtained, and it is whenthat purpose is obtained, or when that purpose isconceded, that the cause is established, or that thesurrender of the enemy or the opponent is made. In the State of Louisiana, on the 1st of January,1863, there were perhaps one hundred and fifty thousandblacks who had been, up to that time at least,held in slavery. The slavery population of Louisianain 1860 was 350,000. I doubt very much if, at theperiod to which I refer, the number of negroes inthat State would be more than 150,000 or 175,000.The proclamation of the President declared emancipationfrom slavery in most of the slave Statesexcept the parishes of Louisiana, in which this portionof the population, or the greater part of thispopulation to which I have referred, existed and itleft that population, therefore, even under the proclamationof the 1st of January, 1863, slaves de jure,it was de facto. But they were not slaves de facto.Every man, by the very condition of the country atthat moment, was free from the control of his master,inasmuch as the law forbade the army or thenavy, or any officer of the army or navy, to returnany man to slavery, which very few were preparedor desired to do even. It is, therefore, perfectlytrue that, whether or not, as the planters claimedthe slaves at that time were slaves de jure, the negroesperfectly well understood, and every personconnected with the government perfectly well understood,there was no power to reduce them to thecondition of servitude. They clustered into thegreat centres of the army; they came from all thesurrounding States, without employment, withoutclothing, without means of support of any characterwhatever, and concentrated in all cases near to theposts or garrisons of the army. Invariably and inseparablyfrom this condition came great suffering,constant disease, decimation of numbers and death,which to an observer who looked upon the state ofthings for the first time was appalling. I had readin the history of West India Emancipation, and inthe discussion of the institution of slavery in theEuropean islands in this hemisphere, of the appallingand terrible mortality which had grown out ofthe institution of slavery—that it was said, for instance,that out of eight or nine millions of negroesthat had been imported into European colonies up to1774, in that year not more than one million and ahalf existed; and in the six years previous to theperiod I have named, with one hundred and five orten thousand slaves imported and sixty thousandbirths, in these six years, such was the decimation bydisease and death, that not more than forty thousandof them were, left in the year I have named—attributedto the cruelties and horrors of the institution,to the separation of negroes from their homes,to the melancholy and despair that seized upon themwith such great power, and kindred causes, carryingthem off at such a ratio that it was said that if it wascontinued for two or three centuries, it would depopulatenearly the entire globe. It seemed to me incredibleand impossible to suppose such a result asthis, as stated by the opponents of the institution ofslavery in the discussion of this question, but whenI saw the character of the multitudes that were cominginto the garrisons and posts in that State at thetime of which I speak, I could very well comprehendits appalling nature. These were to be supported bythe government. They had no means of support oftheir own. They had to be protected by distributionrather than by concentration; and as the first step,both to relieve the government, to protect the armyfrom connection with such masses of people, to maintainthe public health, to preserve the lives of thecolored people themselves, it was determined to givethem employment. That employment was establishedat the outset in the month of January, upon thebasis of absolute and perfect freedom of the negroin all respects and all considerations, to make him asindependent and to prepare him for as perfect anindependence as that enjoyed by any other class ofpeople on this continent. Those who were engagedin the cultivation of plantations, both in the homepopulation or those who accompanied the army, orwho had undertaken this business since the rebellioncommenced, were told that by the payment to thenegroes of due wages, providing them with suitablerations, with clothing, with medical attendance, takingcare of the whole of the population, leaving thelaborer under the protection of the government itselfin regard to his rights—that upon these conditionsthey ought employ the negro population in thatState. The negro understood or was instructed thathe was at liberty to select his employer, and to gowhere he pleased, but that he was expected to laborfor the support of himself and his family, and thesick, the infirm, the young of his race, somewhere,and if not upon the plantations, upon the governmentworks. Both parties accepted the propositionreadily—those who were engaged in the cultivationof the soil because they had no alternative—the negrobecause he had no other desire. He saw thathe had his freedom, the choice of employment, thechoice of work, rations for himself and family, clothingsuch as the Government should deem suitablefor him, education for his children and wages thatwould from time to time be increased in such a mannerthat he could provide for himself and for them inthe future. The principle upon which this was donewas determined by the negroes themselves. Fifteenor twenty of the most intelligent, the best educatedyoung colored men of Louisiana, who were themselvesfree, and knew well he character of the coloredpopulation, were sent out into different parishes.They were authorized to go where they pleased,to speak with whom they pleased. At their requestthey were permitted to carry arms, to defend themselves,and they visited the negro population in thedifferent parishes in the early part of the year 1863,and they brought to the Government the terms oflabor which the negroes desired. They were, first,that their families should not be separated; second,that they should not be flogged; third, that theirchildren should be educated; and fourth, that theyshould not be compelled to labor where they did notlike to, where they had hitherto been abused. Allthese privileges were granted to them. The planters,both the old population and the new, consideredthe subject for themselves, not in the same way, notby agents sent among them, but by public meetings.And in order to avoid what was a difficulty amongthem—that is, to avoid the necessity of any one manleading off in favor of a policy which recognized thefreedom of the negro, and required the payment ofwages and the performance of other conditions requiredby the government—they held a meetingat which it was declared, by a unanimous vote, thatthey would accept the proposition of the government,and thus avoided the responsibility on the partof any of them of being the first to accede to termsso contrary to their expectation. de jure,it was de facto. de facto. de jure The result of this system of labor proves conclusivelyin my mind—I am as sure of it as I am of anyfact within my experience or my power of investigation—that the institution of slavery in the SouthernStates is totally unnecessary for the protectionof any interest whatever (applause)—that there isno use for slavery of any color or kind of character;and so far as the interest of the negro himself is concerned,or the agriculturists, or all the people of theSouth, or of the Government itself, the return ofservitude is not only incompatible with the publicinterest, hut impossible under any circumstanceswhatever. (Loud applause,) This is substantiallyall that can be said of the plan of employment ofthe negroes in that State to which I refer. It isquite possible that, in this immediate and radicalchange from a condition of universal servitude to oneof immediate and absolute freedom, there may havebeen many instances and occurrences unjustifiable;that many families, many individuals, many interestson the side of the laborer, and on the side of theemployers, too, have suffered, which, in a generalview of the subject, is unfortunate. It is almost impossibleto find men in a country like ours, whereopinion is free, and especially upon a subject whereso much diversity of opinion exists, where somany interests conflict and clash with each other—itis almost impossible to find agents to carry out successfullyand effectually any distinguishing idea of thecharacter I have suggested. But I believe this to betrue—that it has been as just in its operation to theemployed and profitable to the employer as any systemcould be, under the circumstances, in a State orwith a population like that; and whatever complaintmay have been made or may be made with regard toindividuals, or the sufferings by individuals, that youcan parallel any of those wrongs or complaints bygoing into the workshops of England, or any of ourcities in the Northern States. Take the complaintsof the seamstresses, of people enraged upon the farmsin our own Commonwealth—take the complaints oflaborers in the Northern States, whether it be thedomestic or farm laborer, and you will find at muchdiversity of opinion and as much dissatisfaction asgrows out of the changed condition of the negropopulation in the Southern States. I do not believethat there is required any change whatever in thestate of labor that has been in operation in Louisianatwo years—that any change is required to make apermanent settlement, so far as the interests of laborare concerned; on the basis of the Union of theStates. I am assured by my own observation—Idon't know that the result may be reached—that underthe system of labor adopted, there cotton and sugarcan be raised for a cent a pound each, under agood government; and with such an impetus givento the productive industry as is given by England orby France to many of the branches of productive industryin those countries—that both cotton and sugarcan be raised in Louisiana and the Southern Statesfor a cent a pound each, supposing our affairs to besettled, the system of values to be upon a solid andsubstantial basis; and this, too, with the perfect andabsolute freedom of the laboring population, whetherwhite or black, and granting to all the privileges thatare conferred upon the laboring population in thispart of the country, or in any other part of thecountry. Coupled with this system of labor are otherinfluences material to a proper consideration ofthe subject, and to the welfare of the country. Thereare in the parishes controlled by the government ofthe United States, about fifteen thousand negrochildren. From eight to ten thousand of these arealready in day schools established there. There aresixty Sabbath schools established in these parishes,twenty night schools for adults; and every regimentof the fifteen, twenty or twenty-five regiments of coloredtroops has a teacher and organization of the natureof a school. Thus, the whole of this population is in the processof education and of change by the natural course ofevents. The reports made by those connected withthose institutions, of the progress both of young andold, are gratifying and surprising; and it leaves nopossible doubt whatever that the negro populationnot only can perform all that is required of the laboringpopulation, but that they can make such rapidimprovement as to answer the expectations of theGovernment, and justify the extension of all theprivileges of citizens to this class of people. Thereare some objections which have been urged to thissystem, among others that the negro has not beenauthorized by the Government of the United Statesor its officers to make a contract with his employer,and to fix the price of his labor—a very just objection,if it is compatible with the condition of things,but it is not. If you offer a laborer a stipulated sumper month—twenty-five, fifty or a hundred dollars—you have a right to require of him at least an agreementto perform work for a stipulated time. Thatis an impossible thing in Louisiana. There is no negroor other man engaged in agricultural labor thatcan under any circumstance whatever stipulate withhis employer for any price whatever, that be will performlabor for a month or for six months, much lessfor a year. In the first place, martial law is the predominantlaw of the State. It is subject to invasionsof the enemy, it is subject to inroads of the watersoverrunning and washing the plantations upon whichthey are employed. It is one of the favorite designsof the enemy at all times to open the levees of theMississippi, and to wash out the plantations throughoutits reach. The government itself has great needof these people. Whenever it has required the laborof these plantation hands, the young or old havebeen taken either for the repair of the levees towhich I have referred, or the construction of publicworks; for employment in the Commissary or Quartermaster'sdepartment, or for any other duty eitherof civil employment or in arms, and there has neverbeen a week or a month in Louisiana, while the negroeshave been laboring under this system, whenthey were not liable to be called from such employmentby the government, or driven from it by theenemy. Now the production of crops in that partof the country requires the steady, unremitting laborof a season which makes a year, and without thatlabor it is impossible for any employer to make anyarrangements with his laborers. There is anotherconsideration even more imperative than this, andthat is, that the whole negro population is to be supported.From the terrible results of war, havingbeen driven from their homes, a large portion ofthem are utterly unable to earn a living for themselves,and much less to support others. It is thereforeincumbent upon employers that they shall supportthe whole of these people, and thus relieve theGovernment from this charge. They must supportthe infirm and sick they must educate the young;and for this great burden of supporting the entirenegro population of that part of the State, theremust be a deduction from the wages of those able-bodied,and able to do a full day's work or a fullyear's work. Thus the Government, or some otherpower, must fix the price of wages in addition to thesupport of each individual laborer, in order that thesurplus may be given to maintain the infirm, thesick, the old, the poor and the young. It cannot bedone between the employer and employed, becauseneither of them is willing to sacrifice his own individualinterests for these general purposes. Theemployers will not undertake to support three hundredor three hundred and fifty souls upon two orthree plantations when they can get labor only fromfifty or sixty or a hundred of them; and the laborerhimself will not consent to work, if be stipulates hisown price, in order that in addition to his own familyand children, the children of his race may besupported. Thus it became an absolute necessity tofix, in addition to the requirements of individual support,wages which should ensure the support of thoseunable to labor, and to maintain the schools necessaryfor the education of the young. There was another principle involved which ismore important to the negro than either of thosethat I have named. No other portion of the humanrace is more attached to its homes than the negropopulation. It is one of the best qualities that existsin the human heart. Without it there is no nation,without it there is no liberty; and to the inquirywhether the negro in himself is able to maintainhis pert, and take his position in a free country,it is enough to say that no portion of the humanrace has stronger attachments to home and to hisfamily than the negro. It was impossible to regardthis principle without a regulation to some extentimposed upon the laboring population in orderthat the families might be united; and it was oneof the vary first considerations, the most importantand the most satisfactory in its results, and the veryfirst one demanded by the negroes themselves, thatin the settlement of the terms and conditions of labor,their families were not to be separated. But ifthe employer or the planter were permitted to paysuch wages as be should please to such persons ashe chose to employ, a few men, perhaps one-fourthof the whole, would be employed, and the restthrown upon the Government for support, or leftwithout any support whatever. This, of course, inthe initiation at the system, could not be admitted.Thus from these several considerations it was foundto be indispensably necessary that there should be,upon the item of wages as in regard to rations andclothing and education, a stipulation by the Governmentto which all parties were required to submit.This concerned as much the consideration ofrations and of clothing and of education and ofmedical care and attendance at it did of wages, andwithout these general arrangements in all these relationsno system of labor could be well established.And yet, with even this disturbed condition of thepublic mind to which I have referred, this disturbedcondition of employment and of labor consequentupon the presence of armies, and of constant andthreatened invasion of different armies, the wagesof laboring men in Louisiana have been as remunerativeas those of Massachusetts or any other partof this country, so far as I am able to judge. Therations which were furnished to the plantationhands by the government, or according to generalorders of the government, cost even at the rate ofpurchase, by the government itself twenty-one centsa day, at the wholesale prices, with all the advantagesthat the government can command, and withoutconsidering at all the profits of traders or the costof transportation. Including these items, the costof the daily ration in Louisiana, according to theplantations orders, is from forty to fifty cents. Twosuits of clothes a year are required, cost not lessthan $50, education for his children, without whichthe laborer refuses to work, medical attendance forthe sick and support of those connected with himand his family, who are helpless—all these things areapportioned to him by the government, through thecontributions of his employer. And in addition tothis, every man and person employed are entitled toa portion of land and time to work it for their, ownbenefit and in their own way, an acre to every able-bodiedman, and generally Saturday is given tothem for the cultivation of this land. I had a letterfrom an old planter, not a new planter, a few daysbefore I arrived in Boston, in which he said that ofsome three hundred and twenty-five hands upontwo plantations which he had cultivated, he had alreadypaid from the produce of the land given tothe negroes themselves two thousand dollars, andthey had products for sale which would amount tofifteen hundred or two thousand dollars more. There were many men upon the plantation whohad crops of three hundred dollars' value, and thepoorest and feeblest woman engaged in laboringupon' the plantation earned from fifty to sixty andseventy-five dollars a year. Of the 325 soulsin the employ of this planter, between sixty andseventy were children who were in school. I doubtvery much if you can find a laboring family in theState of Massachusetts, of ordinary character, thatreceives in a year rations for the whole of its members,clothing for the whole of its members, medicalattendance for the whole of its members, whethersick or well, education for its children, protection inall the rights of the individual or of the family,from the government itself, and wages at from sixto ten dollars for each person actually employed inlabor. I, doubt if you can find any laboring familyin the State of Massachusetts that is better remuneratedfor the labor it performs than that. But inaddition to this, they get their freedom. (Applause.) There is not a Court in the State of Louisianathat does not recognize a negro, whether free orwhether enslaved before the war, as a freeman entitledto all the rights and all the protection of awhite man. He is entitled to sue and be sued; hecan give hit testimony in any of the courts; andany parent having a child, in the possession of anybody,may go into court and claim the possessionof the child, whether the parents wereenslaved or not, whether the child was in thepossession of former owners or not, by showing asyou show in the State of Massachusetts, that theparents are able to take care of that child, and areable to bring it up properly and carefully. Thus notonly is the laborer compensated for what he does,but he is secured by the authority of the governmentitself in all rights, whether it be by appeal tothe officers of the government, or by an appeal tothe courts in the State itself. I do not see how it ispossible to make a sober objection as to who shallfix the wages of the laboring population, where thefirst question is whether agricultural industry canbe carried on or not, and in the second place to giveto the laboring population itself all the rights whichare enjoyed by freemen in any part of the AmericanUnion. It is said that this system of labor is for the benefitof the planter, and not of the negro. Whatdoes the planter gain? By his very act he surrendershis property in his slaves. His property is inslaves, it is not inland. In the Southern States,the possession of land, without slaves, has been accountedof no value. It is only by enumeratingthe number of his hands that you can estimate theextent of land that a man possesses, because it isthrough cultivation alone that it has value. Hesurrenders all this. He pays his negroes wages,where formerly they worked without wages. He issubject to the direction of the government in everythingappertaining to them. He has no right to sayto one of them, except under their direction, orby permission of the government, do this, or do theother thing. He is subject entirely to the government,and the negro is entirely and absolutely independentof his will. He cannot flog him; he cannotsell him; he cannot separate the members ofhis family from each other; he cannot deny to hischildren the education to which they claim; be cannotrefuse to them healthy and sufficient rations orcomfortable clothing; he cannot refuse to them anythingthat the laborer is entitled to or receives elsewhere.He surrenders, therefore, absolutely and entirely,his right of property in the slaves, which heclaimed as property, which the law recognized asproperty, and which was excepted from the operationof the Act of Emancipation by the Presidenthimself. What, on the other hand, does the negrogain? He gains his freedom in everything; hegains compensation for everything he does. If heworks diligently and faithfully, and during extrahours, he is paid for it; and if he has children, theyare educated. His rights are recognized in thecourts. There is no power in the courts, there is nopower in the State of Louisiana, whether of theState or of the United States, that does not lookupon the negro as a freeman. But then it may be said, in support of this assertion,that this arrangement is for the benefit of theplanter, and not of the negro—that the planter derivesa profit from this system. I have already saidthat this is the inevitable result of the change fromslave labor to free labor. The products of the soilcan not only be raised in greater quantities and ofa better quality, but at infinitely lass cost of labor.Instead of their being 40, 50, or 100,000 land ownersand land cultivatorn in the Gulf States, underthis system the land will be distributed, so that everyman will be able to own and cultivate land forhimself if he pleases, and land owners and land cultivatorswill be multiplied by thousands. It breaksup the system of a monopoly of land and labor entirely,and gives every individual a chance not onlyto occupy and cultivate, but to possess. (Applause.)The true theory or the system of laborwhich must supplant that of slavery, and whichmust precede the restoration of the States, andwhich must also precede the final and permanentsuccess of our arms, is to put into the hands of thelaboring population the possession as well as the occupationof land. (Great applause.) Instead ofasking bow much wages a man is to have a monthor a year for his toil, the question should be in whatmanner and how soon can he become an owner ofland himself; and when that is done, there cannever again be a rebellion against the authority ofthe United States. (Applause.) Whenever thatis done, or whenever a commencement is made sothat we can see that the end is possible, we can assumefrom that moment that the rebellion is over,and that the government is in certain process ofrestoration. (Applause.) Now, this is a feature of the labor system towhich I have adverted. It is, that next to the paymentof just and equitable wages in money to thenegro population, the negro shall be at least introducedinto a system of cultivating his own land,with a view to encourage him in the occupation andcultivation of that land permanently. (Applause.)It is, in other words, to give him a home, to make abasis for his family, which is the only certain andsure basis of national prosperity and national power. Now, it is assumed by the press of England,which has led us in all our deliberations upon thisquestion, and still influences powerfully, if it doesnot guide us, that this is only a change from ascheme of slavery to a system of serfdom andthrough a change in form, not a material improvementfor the laborer, and not a material improvementas it regards the general inerests of thecountry. Just a single word upon that point will removefrom any person's mind that idea. A serf is distinguishedfrom a slave in the fact that he cannot besold apart from the land upon which he was born,and upon which he lives. In all other respects heis a slave. A slave differs from a serf in the factthat he may be sold as a chattel, independent ofthe land upon which he was born, and on which helives or labors. Nothing of this exists in the systemto which I have adverted. There is, no sellinga man, with the land or without the land. Itis impossible for the London Times to discriminatein a single instance between the conditionof a free laborer in Massachusetts, born free,and the condition of a laborer in Louisiana, madefree by the war or by the act of the Government,except so far as the one condition is more insecureand unstable, consequent upon the existence of thewar, than the other. Let the war be transferredto Massachusetts, and the condition of the laboringman here will be just as insecure and ascertain as itis in Louisiana. There is, therefore, no serfdom inthis system, and no color of serfdom. It is a transferfrom the principle of absolute chattel slavery tothe principle of absolute and perfect freedom. (Applause.) Times It is said that in serfdom the serfs are entitled tocertain privileges, which slaves do not enjoy. Thatis true, with a condition. A serf can enjoy certainprivileges, if he can get them, and a slave can enjoythe same privileges, if his master will conferthem upon him. It all depends upon the proprietorof the soil, and not at all upon the will of theserf or the slave. There is no such feature as thisexisting in the system to which I have referred. A line of criticism is also indulged in upon thispoint which seems to me to be unworthy of an intelligentpeople. Agents of the government aresent into the Southern States to ascertain and reportthe condition of things. They go to a manwho has been overthrown by the rebellion, and theysay to him, "What do you think of this new system?"Well, he says, of course, that he don'tlike it, and he don't intend to submit to it. It isimpossible for him to confess that he has been mistakenall his life-time. It is not according to humannature that he shall declare that the principlesupon which his life has been based were all wrong,and that he is delighted with a change which putsthe power upon the side of the employed instead ofthe employer. Take a man who goes from the Republicanside over to the Democratic. Do you expectthat he will confess that he has been mistakenall his life? Not at all. On the contrary, he tellsyou that, although he is in a new camp, fighting undera new flag, surrounded by new associates, ail hisideas are exactly the same as they were before he leftthe Republican ranks. (Laughter.) You take a Democratwho has gone over to the support of the Administration,and he will tell you he is a Democratstill; that he has changed in nothing; that everybodyelse has changed, but he has not changed atall. (Renewed laughter.) A man is carried up toWorcester to the Lunatic Asylum, and he declaresthat everybody who is left outside is insane; healone is the reasonable and sound man. (Merriment.)It is the same with the people of the South.They will never confess that their system waswrong, or that they have changed. It is expectingtoo much of human nature to expect this of them.On the contrary, it is not to be asked of them.The question for the government to ask, or for anyintelligent, inquiring man to ask, of a Southernman, is, "Do you accept the new condition ofthings? Do you acquiesce in it? Are you employingyour men in this way? Are they doingtolerably well?" These are the questions to ask,and upon all these questions every one of themwill be compelled by the facts to give you asatisfactory answer; or if not, the fault is their own;there is no fault in the system. Enough of successhas already been attained to satisfy the most skepticalmind that any result can be attained by agriculturalindustry, can be attained by this new system;and there it abundant testimony within theknowledge of wise and able men, who will reportto you the facts that will astonish you in regard tothis system of labor. As an instance, the gentlemanto whose letter I have alluded says that themore his laborers earn for themselves, the betterthey work for him; that those laborers on two orthree plantations were earning $4000 a year extra;and the men who earned $300 a year, and thewomen who earned $50 or $60, earned more andmore for him, in the same proportion as they earnedfor themselves. The greater the interest they tookin their families and in their schools, the more theyearned for their employers; and they come, step bystep, to anticipate, to ask, and to demand exactly thesame privileges that the laborer of the North demands.For instance, the laboring man, the mechanicand the farmer of the North requires notonly that he shall have a home, but that his wifeand children shall remain at home. They attendto the domestic duties of the family; he labors andsupports them. This is a new idea to the negro.He has had a faint conception of the meaning ofwife and family, but it has never been realized tohim. Realized now for the first time, he asks thecorollary of the relation of wife and family. Hedemands of his employer that his wife shall not besent to field labor; he wants her to stay at home,and take care of his children, and is willing towork extra hours in order to gain the means to supporthis family in this way. (Applause.) Wherethis feeling exists, not in an individual instance, butin a whole population, it is impossible that there canbe any doubt as to the capacity of the negro to continuea system of free industry. Then, again, I am asked oftentimes by my friendsif it is possible that the negro will continue to work.Well, I suppose the negro loves work just about asmuch as any other portion of the human race. Ihave never seen anybody absolutely distressed onthat account (laughter); and wherever I have foundan individual who was determined to be incessantlyemployed, unless it was a matter of some special,grand and immediate importance, I have generallyconcluded that he was a little unsound in mind ordiseased in body. It is not to be expected thateither the white or the black race will go aboutkilling themselves for the sake of finding somethingto do; but I imagine that the special indolence ofthe black race, which the Southern people say existsin the South, is to be accounted for in a perfectlynatural way. The negro is an imitative being.He sees in the Southern States that the great peopledo nothing, and the greater they are, the lessthey do. (Laughter and applause.) That is hisidea of perfect happiness and perfect grandeur—not to do anything at all! Well, it would be extraordinaryif he did not, if he had his way, inclineto that method of elevating himself. So long,therefore, as the leading people of the South live inidleness—the men doing nothing and the womendoing nothing (they don't draw a bucket of water,they don't even dress themselves)—when the negrogets the opportunity, if it is only for five or tenminutes, it is not surprising that he assumes that exaltedway of living—doing nothing! (Laughter.)But when a new class of men go down into thoseStates, and undertake the cultivation of the land,the transaction of business and the organization ofgovernment under a new system—when Northernhabits of industry are tranferred to the Southernclimate, and men are up at five o'clock in the morning,and are never ceasing in their labors—whenthey are seen to grow powerful and rich by thecourse they have taken, I am afraid the negro willimitate that example in the same way. Now, from these views I say, without any hesitation,that there is nothing to be lamented in the conditionof the negro in 1864, as compared with hiscondition on the first of January, 1863. Underwhatever adverse circumstance he may be placed,he certainly is much better off at the present time,with the opportunity which he has for improvementand the satisfaction which he feels in his presentcondition, than he was then. The white peopleare a great deal more disturbed and distressedat the North about the condition of the negro thanhe himself. At the celebration of the passage ofthe Act of Emancipation, in June, I saw in thecity of New Orleans 20,000 or 25,000 colored people,as well dressed, as well behaved, as orderly asany people that I ever saw in Boston, or New York,or any city of the States. (Applause.) I saw acity of 175,000 people absolutely surrendered tothe celebration of the passage of the Act of Emancipation.They occupied the streets and the squaresthe whole day. From sunrise in the morning tosunset in the evening, they were possessed of thecity, and in the whole of that day not one disorderlyact was done, not one uncivil word spoken, not awhite person, so far as I know, came into collisionwith them, and nothing was witnessed during theday but the most perfect order and sobriety.I heard one hundred persons say that that celebrationcould not have occurred under such circumstancesin the city of Boston, the city of New York,or the city of Providence; and I believe it. Everyday, every hour in the day, you hear negro childrensinging the anthems of the Union in the streets orin their school-rooms. Wherever they are, the airis vocal with the music, the precious music, of theiryoung hearts. The colored people make no complaintof their condition or of their wages. If theycomplain of individual wrong, they find their remedyas certainly and as immediately as any laboringman will find it in Massachusetts. I may certainlybe assumed to know what is the condition of thelaboring man here; and I do not hesitate to stateto you what is his condition and that of his familyin Louisiana. He makes no complaint about wages.What he asks and what he demands is, that hischildren shall be educated, that his family shall beheld sacred, and his wife and children relieved fromthe hardship of field labor as soon as possible. Thatis what he demands, and nothing more than that. This is not a new idea that is embodied in this organizationof labor in that State. It has been triedfor three-quarters of a century. Toussaint L'Ouverturetried the experiment himself, for his owncountrymen, in the West India Islands, and there isnothing different in his system from that which wehave adopted, except that his was infinitely moresevere than ours. He required that the laborersshould labor upon the plantations where theybelonged, and that was a wise regulation. He requiredthat they should not leave it without theconsent of a magistrate or of his employer. Heplaced in command of the laboring population Dessalinesand a relative at his own, who were men ofan extremely tyrannical character, and went amongthe workshops and the laboring people with theircanes, scattering their blows about upon whoeverthey chose. If a negro was charged with idleness,with insolence, with insurbordination, and foundguilty, it is said that he was buried alive in thepresence of his companions; and if the name ofthe offending individual was not known, some oneof the company was hung, by the order of L'Ouverture,as an example to the rest. At any rate, thesystem established there was infinitely more oppressiveand severe than anything that exists inthe State to which I have referred. England hastried the same system. She has not been able tosucceed on her plantations in any other way thanunder this general method which I have suggested.And France, which has perhaps given more studyto this subject than any other nation or State onthe globe, whose ablest men have been employed inits consideration for sixty or seventy years, as lateas 1848 adopted exactly the same principles, thoughnot so liberal to the laborer as those which I havedescribed as existing in Louisiana. After a discussionof the question by men who perhaps understandthe subject of emancipation, theoreticallyand practically, better than any other men, theFrench Government declared and decreed that thelaborers in the French West India Islands should beheld to service under such general principles as Ihave described: that is, that the employer should furnishfood and clothing, medical attendance and carefor the living, and burial for the dead, as a condition ofthe employment of the laborer. The education ofthe children is provided for by the French Government;but instead of being furnished to the negroesfree of charge, it is paid for, I believe, by a taxupon them or upon their labor. (Concluded on fourth page.) Concluded on fourth page. 
