 Almost from the first hour of his appointment tothe Department of he Gulf up to the present time,Gen. Banks has been mercilessly criticized and condemnedin certain quarters,—especially upon theAnti-Slavery platform,—as alike incompetent for thesituation, disregardful of the rights and interests ofthe colored laboring population, and disposed to"today" to wealthy and aristocratic secessionistswearing the mask of loyalty in that portion of Louisianaover which the authority of the Federal Governmentextends. These charges have been repeatedagain and again, with rhetorical vehemence, untilthey have not only been accepted as unquestionablytrue by many on this side of the Atlantic, but bysome of the best friends of our cause in England, (asin the case of Professor Newman, for instance,)—andgreat has been the odium attempted to be cast uponPresident Lincoln for not sending Gen. Banks "toCoventry." We confess that our own mind was somewhatprejudiced by this frequent iteration; but,while we thought that his system of freed labor wasin some of its features unnecessarily stringent, andtoo exacting toward the laborers, we forbore all severityof censure, conscious that we could not so welljudge of what was possible in the chaotic state ofthings in that section as those who were in authorityon the soil; and trusting that, when all the factsshould be known, Gen. Banks would be relieved ofvery much of the obloquy heaped upon him, if nottriumphantly vindicated in all his acts. At the lastNew England Anti-Slavery Convention, we took occasionto speak forbearingly in his behalf, and mentionedcertain measures instituted by him which wethought greatly redounded to his credit. For thiswe were reproached by some, who seem to think thatthe test of abolitionism is to deal in wholesale impeachment,ignore rebutting evidence, and persist indamaging accusation—a test which we have neversubscribed to, though it may appear to a jaundicedvision to indicate superior jealousy for the cause ofthe oppressed, lest in some measure it should be compromised. General Banks cannot have been ignorant of thecondemnation so freely bestowed upon him in thissection; but he has preserved a remarkable silencein regard to it, as one conscious that his policy waseither greatly misconceived or grossly misrepresented,and which would in due time be vindicated by the result.Being on a visit to Massachusetts, he was recentlyinvited to deliver an address in Tremont Temple,before the Boston Young Men's Christian Association.Complying with the invitation, he took for hissubject "The Condition of the Negro Population asconnected with the Reorganization of Government inRebel States"; and the able and satisfactory mannerin which he treated it may be seen by a careful perusalof the very lucid and singularly dispassionateaddress which occupies so large a portion of ourpresent number. In it will be found no complainingsof having been unjustly assailed—no personal retorts—no attempts at special pleading. Rising far above allsuch considerations, he proceeds to give a calm, philosophical,statesmanlike, almost impersonal view ofwhat has been done, constructively and absolutely,under his administration, to deliver the oppressedfrom the yoke of bondage, give vitality and successto paralyzed industry, bring order out of chaos, reconcileemployers and the employed, disseminate lightand knowledge, establish and multiply schools forthose hitherto forbidden to learn the alphabet and securethe adoption of State Constitution wherebyslavery is abolished in Louisiana, and the right ofproperty in man denied—& C. & C. & C. And this hedoes without the slightest indication of personal inflationor egotistical self-complacency—but modestly,and with conscious rectitude of purpose in the dischargeof high official duties. Let us glance at some of the particulars. GeneralBanks estimates the number of slaves in Louisianaexempted from emancipation by President Lincoln'sProclamation of January 1, 1863, at 150,000. Now,not one of these wears a chain, or it amenable to anyslave master. In regard to their industrial employment,which has been so often denounced as mereserfdom, he declares that "it was established upon thebasis of absolute and perfect freedom of the negro inall respects and all considerations, to make him as independentand to prepare him for as perfect in independenceas that enjoyed by any other class of peopleon this continent" They were at liberty to select theirown employer, and go where they pleased; only theywere expected to labor in support of themselves andfamilies somewhere, if not upon the plantations, thenupon the government works. "Both parties," heavers,"accepted the proposition readily—those whowere engaged in the cultivation of the soil, becausethey had no alternative—the negro, because he had noother desire," having his freedom and that of hiswife and children secured, and getting for themclothing and ratios from the government, besides educationalprivileges, in addition to a stipulated peculiarlyremuneration. Nothing was one without theconcurrence of the negroes: they brought to the governmenttheir own terms of labor, which were compliedwith; the planters yielded; and the result isgood will, mutual satisfaction,, and growing prosperity.So successful has been the experiment that GeneralBanks says he does not believe there is required anychange whatever in the state of labor that has beenin operation in Louisiana for two years past. In viewof their peculiar situation, he believes that the wagesof the laboring men in that State have been as remunerativeas those of Massachusetts, or any other partof the country. Why certain exactions were made ofthe planters and the laborers alike, he shows in a satisfactorymanner. becausethey had no alternative As for the charge of serfdom, nothing of the kindexists. There is not a court in the State that doesnot recognize a negro, whether free or whether enslavedbefore the war, as a freeman entitled to all therights and all the protection of a white man;—entitledto sue and be sued, to give his testimony in any of thecourts, and to receive equitable compensation for hislabor. The planter surrenders his right of property inhis slaves. They are absolutely independent of hiswill, while he is subject entirely to the government.They make no complaint of their condition or of theirwages. In regard to their education, the facts are equallycheering, and worthy of grateful recognition." GeneralBanks states that there are in the parishes controlledby the government about fifteen thousand negrochildren. From eight to ten thousand of these arealready in day schools. There are sixty Sabbathschools, and twenty night schools for adults; andevery regiment of the twenty or twenty-five regimentsof colored troops has a teacher and an organization ofthe nature of a school. Surprising progress is makingby the scholars, whether old or young. Take another fact, illustrative of the almost miraculouschange which has taken in public sentiment inNew Orleans—New Orleans, which was formerly thesynonym of all that was brutal and infernal towardthe colored race:— "At the celebration of the passage of the Actof Emancipation in June," says General Banks,"I saw in the city of New Orleans 20,000 or 25,000colored people, as well dressed, as well behaved, asorderly as any people that I ever saw in Boston, orNew York, or any city of the States. I saw acity of 175,000 people absolutely surrendered tothe celebration of the passage of the Act of Emancipation.They occupied the streets and the squaresthe whole day. From sunrise in the morning tosunset in the evening, they were possessed of thecity, and in the whole of that day not one disorderlyact was done, not one uncivil word spoken, not awhite person, so far as I know, came into collisionwith them, and nothing was witnessed during theday but the most perfect order and sobriety.I heard one hundred persons say that that celebrationcould not have occurred under such circumstancesin the city of Boston, the city of New York,or the city of Providence; and I believe it. Everyday,every hour in the day, you hear negro childrensinging the anthems of the Union in the streets orin their school-rooms. Wherever they are, the airis vocal with the music, the precious music, of theiryoung hearts." This, surely, speaks volumes as to the altered stateof things in New Orleans, under General Banks's admiration.Yet how has his policy been denounced,and what base motives have been attributed to him! At the adoption of the new State Constitution ofLouisiana, it has been alleged here that the body ofthe voters was made up of Banks's retainers and partisans,by soldiers who had no right to participate inthe election, & C. To this the General replies—"Iventure to say that there have not been, of the 11,500votes, 500 men voting who belonged to the army inany form whatever; and those men were citizens ofthe State, and had a right to vote there." Before thewar, the ordinary vote was 15 or 16,000. The newConstitution provides for the education of the State,irrespective of race or color. It enrolls in the militiaall the able-bodied men of the State, without regardto caste, condition, race or color; and it authorizesthe Legislature to confer the right of suffrage uponthe negro in consideration of intelligence, contributionof taxes, or service in arm—(this last provision beingdue to the direct personal influence of General Banksaccording to the statement of Major Plumly in anothercolumn.) Are not these truly astonishing changes?And do they not reflect great credit upon the humanepurpose, the just endeavor, and the administrativeability of General Banks? Finally, he declares his willingness to stake his life,that if three well-known abolitionists to whom he referswere to visit Louisiana for the purpose of investigatingthe condition of things there, the conclusionto which he has arrived would be the conclusion towhich they would arrive. This is a strong declaration,and evinces deep sincerity and conscious success.And all these grand achievements wrought out of themost discordant, inflammable and conflictive elements!—But let his entire address be closely perused andcandidly pondered. Hail, renovated Louisiana! 
