 One of the fruits of the slaveholders' atrocious rebellionis the freedom of Maryland. Thirty yearsago, Mr. Garrison was imprisoned in Baltimore formaintaining the great doctrine of human liberty.Three years ago, the President was to have been assassinatedby the friends and patrons of slavery inBaltimore. In the streets of Baltimore a little later,soldiers of the Union, hastening to the defence of theCapital against its pro-slavery enemies, were shotdown! And to-day, Maryland is a free State! Slavery,hitherto its dishonor and its curse, is foreverabolished. See how the new Constitution, justadopted, speaks of human rights and the objects ofcivil government. Here are the preamble and two orthree of its articles: "We the people of the State of Maryland, gratefulto Almighty God for our civil and religious liberty,and taking into our serious consideration the bestmeans of establishing a good Constitution in this Statefor the sure foundation and more permanent securitythereof, declare: Article 1. That we hold it to be self-evident, thatall men are created equally free, that they are endowedby their Creator with certain unalienable rights,among which are life, liberty, the enjoyment of theproceeds of their own labor, and the pursuit of happiness. Article 2. That hereafter, in this State, there shallbe neither slavery not involuntary servitude, exceptin punishment of crime, whereof the party shallhave been duly convicted: and all persons held toservice or labor as slaves are hereby declared free. Any person who shall, after this Constitution shallhave gone into effect, detain in slavery any personemancipated by the provisions of this Constitution,shall, on conviction, be fined not less than five hundreddollars, nor more than five thousand dollars, orbe imprisoned not more than five years; and any ofthe judges, of this State shall discharge, on habeas corpus,any person so detained in slavery." habeas corpus Thank God, hereafter Maryland is to keep step tothe music of universal freedom! Delaware mustsoon follow her example, and Missouri cannot, afterher sad experiences of slave-rule, much longer delayher regeneration. Kentucky must follow. Themanacles which the rebels designed to make strongerand rivet closer are being rapidly broken. Andso the wrath of man praises God who counter-worksthe evil designs of the wicked.—N.Y. ChristianAmbassador. N.Y. ChristianAmbassador. 
