 THE NORTH AND THE SOUTH: A Statistical view of thecondition of the Free and Slave States. By HENRYCHASE, A.M., and CHARLES W. SANBORN, M.D.Complied from Official Documents. Boston: Publishedby John P. Jewett &Co. 1856. HE ORTH AND THE SOUTH ENRY HASE HARLES ANBORN This is precisely such a compilation as we havelong been wishing to see. Its object in to compare thecondition of the slaveholding and non-slaveholdingStates—the North and the South—as to territory, population,industry and wealth, education and intelligence,religious and moral advancement, and generalprogress. The calculations used are the official documentsof the General Government and of the individualStates. These calculations are, for the most part,for the year 1850, and based on the census returnsfor that year, as compiled by J.D. DeBow, and publishedin his Compendium of the Seventh Census. Itis, therefore, impartial and reliable. It demonstrates,beyond all doubt or cavil, that slavery, as an institution,viewed from whatever stand-point, in all that isimplied by such terms as a cancer, a plague-spot, amildew, a curse, &. &.; that there is not a redressingfeature about it; that it is the destroyer of wealth,the waster of morals, the enemy of programs in everyshape; that its immediate abolition would be the greatestboon that could be conferred upon the South, and onimmense gain to the whole country. This work is as opportune as it is valuable. It makes,its, appearance at a time when a systematic attemptis making, on the part of the South, with an audacityunparalleled, and a folly only a hair's-breadth removefrom incurable idiocy to outface the intelligence andcommon sense of the world, the instincts of all rationalsouls, by declaring slavery to be in the highest degreebenevolent, the most precious of all institutions, themost productive of wealth, the best safeguard againstdanger, the brightest ornament, and the richest treasure;and, consequently, by denouncing a free state ofsociety as ruinous to all parties, and liberty as a curseto all who possess it. Such is the daily gibberish of theRichmond Enquirer and Examiner, the CharlestonMercury, the New Orleans Delis, and other leadingjournals of the South. It is a new system of tactics, ontheir part, to put down Northern abolitionism; and itis thought by them to be 'turning the tables,' 'takingthe bull by the boras,' and 'carrying the war into Africa.'It is as though all the strumpets at the FivePoints should, through journals of their own, affirmlewdness to be the most desirable, and virtue the mosthateful state of society; or all burglars, pickpocketsand highway robbers should insist that, without theirprofessional assistance, no community could long exist;or all counterfeiters, thimble-riggers and sharpersshould represent themselves to be the only honest menin the community; or all half-witted or wholly dementedpersons should claim to be the only rational classleft in an insane world. These knaves, lunatics, oridiots, who thus attempt to glorify their bloody andbrutal slave system, and to cover glorious freedomwith infamy, may fancy they are thereby mightilystrengthening the 'peculiar institution,' but none areworking so effectually for its overthrow as themselves—as time will fully demonstrate. Enquirer Examiner Mercury Delis The anti-slavery movement has hitherto found itsstoutest opponents at the North among the commercialand manufacturing classes, whose regard for the'almighty dollar' is as tenacious as it is blind, and whoimagine that nothing would be more disastrous, and whofinancial point of view, than the sudden terminationof slavery at the South. These men have taken counselof their fears, act of their reason; they have yetto give the first hour to a candid examination of thesubject in its industrial and economical bearings; theyare genuine know-nothings as to the workings of theslave system, and literally 'penny wise, pound foolish.'Political economy is neither to be studied nor acquiredon 'Change. The men who know the least about itare the frequenters of State Street and Wall Street.Tell them it is righteousness that exalts a nation, andsin is a calamity to any people, and the declaration isto them without meaning. What has trade to do withrighteousness? or how does sin affect the money-market?They are your shrewd, calculating long-headed,practical business men, who are never led astray byfanaticism, who understand their own affairs, and whoknow what will pay. Bat theirs is 'the wisdom of thisworld.' which is 'foolishness with God.' They do notknow the secret of tree prosperity, which lies in thestrictest obedience to the law of justice, of humanity,of love; and so they reap the reward of speculators,adventurers, swindlers. Nevertheless, nothing is moresure in the universe than this:—other things beingequal, that community will be the most prosperous andthe most productive, which most closely adheres to therule of rectitude, and most sacredly regards the rightsof man. Place side by side two townships; one furnishingfree schools for all—the other leaving the mostof the people without any educational facilities. Whodoubts which of the two will be the better clad, fed.housed, and the more prospered? Knowledge is wealthas well as power; ignorance is poor and weak. Taketwo communities; one adopting the total abstinenceprinciple—the other going for moderate drinking.The former will be the richer of the two, and in allrespects better off. Take two States; one with free labor,free speech, a free press, and free institutions—,the other with slave labor, and all freedom suppressed.'The former will far outstrip the latter in materialwealth, and in all that mikes life desirable. In otherwords, knowledge, sobriety and freedom put money inthe purse, and make a people independent and happy.As these are diffused, the more will competence abound,and capital increase, and a large market be opened fortrade and business generally. Truly, in, the meet literalsense, 'Godliness bath the promise of the life thatnew is, as well as of that which is to come.' IT PAYS,surely, liberally, comprehensively, yet not in a mercenarysense. So, wisely did Moses counsel the Israelitesto hearken diligently unto the votes of the Lord theirGod, and to observe all his commandments, in orderthat they might be blessed in their basket and in theirstore, in the city and in the field, and in all they settheir hands unto, and be made plenteous in seeds, andaccumulate wealth so as to 'lend unto many nations.'borrowing of none; and most fearfully and truly didhe depict to them the consequences of disobedience,touching their safety and worldly interest. What blessingsare promised in the 58th chapter of Isaiah, asaccompanying the set of immediate and unconditionalemancipation—breaking every yoke, and letting theoppressed go free! Light for darkness; health fordisease; the call upon the Lord heard and answered;the old waste places rebuilt; the foundations of manygenerations raised up? T AYS The work before us in crowded with evidence of thesoundness of this reasoning. It is the voice of God tothe South, crying. 'Do thyself no harm? Why wiltthan he stricken any more? Thou best destroyed thyself;but in me is thy help found.' It shows that thepath of oppression leads to ruin and death, while thatof liberty is upward and on ward, 'from glory to glory.'It illustrates the insanity of these who deprecate theliberation of the enslaved as tending to pecuniary lowand a state of anarchy; and it speaks trumpet-tonguedin favor of universal freedom. Examine its tables;read its statements; marvel at its facts! It ought tobe in every counting-room, in every workshop, in thehands of every crime operative and day laborer, tobe studied with all diligence, and reversibly acceptedlike a fresh revolution from Heaven. We avail curseless of some of its numerous facts, toconfirm what we have said of its value, and the instructivelesson it teaches. In 1790, the Free States had only 7000 more inhabitantsthem the Slave States. In 1860 they had3,822,153 (almost four millions) more then the latter—notwithstanding 87,000 inhabitants were added tothe South by annexation of Louisiana and Florida,and a large population by the annexation to Texas;and notwithstanding the South has 289,000 squaremiles of territory move then the North, and her self isincomparably more fertile. The average number of inhabitants to a square mile,in the Slave States, in 11.28, and for the Free States.21.96; almost two to one. By the census of 1980, more than two thirds of theentire populations of the Union will be found in the FreeStates. The whole number of slaveholders, (less than 350,000)including females and minors, counting then allas voters, are love than the number of freeman whovoted at the Presidential election in 1858, in eitherPennsylvania or Ohio! then all The number of slaves annually cold from the NorthernSlave States to the Southern is not less than26,000. The slave have a representation in Congress (for theexclusive benefit of their tyrannical masters) equal tothat of New Hampshire, Vermont, Connecticut, Iowa,and Wisconsin. The free population of the whole fifteen Slave Statesis slightly more than that of New York, Pennsylvaniaand Massachusetts; yet the latter have only sixty-nine,while the former have ninety representatives. The aggregate vote of eleven Slave States, in 1852,was less than that of the single State of New York,and yet these States are entitled to seventy-nine electoralvotes, and New York to only thirty-five. Pennsylvaniaand New York east a popular vote larger, bymore than 60,000, than all the Slave States; yet theformer have only sixty-two electoral votes, while thelatter have one hundred and twenty! all In the North, 93,296 freeman and 16,101 voters arerequired to elect a representative to Congress in theSouth, only 71,251 freemen and 8,976 voters. Including only the lands under cultivation in thetwo sections, the value per acre in the North is morethan three times that of the South. Including thewhole area, the proportion ins still larger. The value per acre of land in the States, on the dividingline between freedom and slavery, in very suggestive:—thus, in the Free States, in value of farmsper acre in as follows, viz.:—New Jersey, $42.67;Pennsylvania, 27.27; Ohio, 19.90; Indians, 10.66;Illinois, 7.99. Average, $22.17. the dividingline between freedom and slavery In the border Slave States the value is as fallows,viz.:—Delaware, 319.75; Maryland, 18.81; Virginia,8.27; Kentucky, 9.02; Missouri, 6.49. Average,89.25. the border Slave States Again—take these Slave States which, by position,population, or intercourse, feel least the influence of theFree States. Thus, the value of farms per acre is, inNorth Carolina, $3.24; South Carolina, 1.32; Tennessee,5.16; Florida, 3.97; Georgia, 4.19; Alabama,5.30; Arkansas, 5.87; Texas, 1.44; Mississippi, 5.22.Average, $3.74! feel least the influence of theFree States. What a revelations to this! Observe, too that whilstSouth Carolina is the most intensely pro-slavery, andthe most vigilant in the maintenance of her slave system,she is lowest in the scale. In the Free States, the number of acres in farms is108,193,522; agricultural product, $858,634,234;product per agre, $7.94. In the Slave States, the number of acres in farms andplantations, 180,572,392; agricultural product, $631,277,417;product per acre, $3.49. And this, notwithstandingalmost the entire labor of these States is expendedupon agriculture, while the labor of the Freestates is largely absorbed in a multiplicity of other industrialpursuits. In the Free States, the whole number engaged in agriculturein 1850 was 2,509,126; value of agriculturalproducts, $858,634,334; value per head, $342. In the Slave States, the whole number of free populationengaged in agriculture in 1850 was 1,197,649;number of slaves engaged in agriculture, 2,500,000;total.8,697,649. Value of agricultural products, $631,277,417;value per head, $171. This, then, is the grand result in the department ofagriculture, the peculiar province of the South—asshown by the Census Compendium of De Sow, who, ifnot a slaveholder, is wholly with the South in his pro-slaveryfeelings:— The North, with half as much land under cultivation,and two thirds as many persons engaged in farming,produces two hundred and twenty-seven millions of dollarsworth of agricultural products in a year more thanthe south; twice as much on an acre, and more thandouble the value per head for every person engaged infarming! And this, while the South, paying nothingfor its labor, has better land, a monopoly of cotton,rice, cane sugar, and nearly so of tobacco and hemp,and a climate granting two, and sometimes three cropsin a year. Here is another striking fast:—The value of landsper acre in the counties of the Slave States adjoiningthe Free is greater than that of the remaining countiesof their respective States. The opposites is true, generally,of the border counties of the Free States. Thus,the effects of freedom and slavery on the value of theadjacent lands is reciprocal. The neighborhood of slaverylessees their value in the Free States; the neighborhoodof freedom increases it in the Slave States. Tosuch an extent is this true, that, in Virginia, for example,the lands in counties naturally poor, are, bythe proximity of freedom, rendered more valuable thanthese unequalled lands in the better portions of thestate. Indeed, the table shows the fact that the landsin the border counties of the slave States are worthmore per acre than the remaining lands in the sameStates, with the addition of the value of the whole numberof their slaves, at $400 a head. And this, he itremembered, while the value of lands in the balance ofthe counties of the labor Slave States is double thatof the lands in the Slave States not adjacent to theFree. It is for the interest of the Slave States to behedged in by a circle of Free States. If Tennessee hadbeen a Free State, her lands would have been worth asmuch as these of Ohio,—$19.99 per acre, instead of$5.16 as now:—and who cannot see that, in that event,the lands of North Carolina, South Carolina and Georgiawould have been worth more per acre than thesame of 2.24, 1.40, 4.19, respectively! Not onlycould Tennessee afford to sacrifice the which valueof her slaves for the sake of freedom, but evenNorth Carolina, South Carolina and Georgia could affordto sacrifice the whole value of their own slaves,and pay for all the slaves in Tennessee, for the sake ofhaving a free neighbor. The increased value of landswould more than compensate for the sacrifice. The neighborhood of slaverylessees their value in the Free States; the neighborhoodof freedom increases it in the Slave States. the proximity of freedom States, with the addition of the value of the whole numberof their slaves It is for the interest of the Slave States to behedged in by a circle of Free States. for the sake ofhaving a free neighbor. The figures show that Tennessee could afford, for thesake of freedom, to sacrifice the whole value of herquarter of million of slaves, and pay in addition thesum of $186,749,446. For the sake of a free neighbor,and to bring up their lands to the value of these ofMaryland, the States of North and South Carolina andGeorgia could afford to sacrifice the whole of their ownslaves, pay for these of Tennessee, and make $430,256,406by the bargain—which own is considerably morethan insive the value of all their lands. May, these Statescould afford to send off, singly, every slave within theirlimits, in a reach with two horses, and presides fora year, if they could but bring up the value of theirlands to that of the land in northern Maryland. Indignation,and patriotism, and dissolution of the Union,indeed, if a fugitive now and then be not reclaimed!South Carolina could afford to pay every year moremoney than the spent in the whole Revolutionary war,to make her whole number of slaves fugitives; andthen make money enough by the transaction to fencein the whole State with a picket fence, to prevent theirreturn. which own is considerably morethan insive the value of all their lands. every slave within theirlimits, in a reach with two horses, and presides fora year In manufactures, the North has more than twentytimes, in tonnage owned in 1855 three times, and intonnage built in the same year three hundred and fiftytimes as much as the South. The 'tennage built' in1855, in redoubtable South Carolina, consisted of oneschooner of sixty-one tone harden! This is since thesitting of several Southern Conventions, in which theyrevolved to have on extensive commerce of their own,not only with Europe, but with Brazil and ControlAmerica! As to education, the New England figures are twentytimes as large as these of Carolina. Here are the result of a comparison between fourteencounties in Virginia a acre equal to the State of Massachusetts:—In the former, nerve of improved lands in1850, 1.562,502; in the latter, 2,122,436. In the former,acres of unimproved lands, 1,852,053; in the later,1,222,376. In the former, each value of farmer,$19,999,472; in the latter, $100,076,347! In the former,each value per acre, $5.64; in the latter, $62.50;In the former, value of agricultural products, $6,224,329;in the latter, $11,003,887. In the former, valueof manufactures, $3,504,885; in the latter, $151,342,478!!In the former, tennage owned, 25,051; in thelatter, 970,727!! In the former, amount of tonnagebuilt in 1855, 2,171; in the latter, 79,620!! In theformer, pupils in colleges, academies, and privateschools, 1,202; in the latter, 14,479. In the former,scholars in the public schools, 7,892; in the latter,176,475!! How astonishing is this contrast! How excellentand preservative is liberty; how odious and destructiveis slavery! But these are only specimens of the large amount ofstatistical information embodied in this most valuableweek—a work that alone should suffice to revolutionistthe country, and unite as one man the entire North forthe extinction of the hideous slave system, and the consequentoverthrow of the Slave Power. 
