 [CONCLUDED.] Dr. Lord asserts slavery to be also a positive institutionof revealed religion. He derives it fromthe curse of Noah upon his con Ham and his posterity,—from the slaveholding of the Patriarchs,—from the Mosaic economy,—from the New Testament,—and from the opinions and practices ofChristians. On each of these points we would saya few words. In order to prove from the curse of Ham thatslavery is a positive institution of revealed religion,it would be necessary to show,—1st, thatNoah had divine authority for pronouncing thecurse; 2d, that that curse was slavery; and 3d,that this slavery was intended to be hereditary,and not merely the punishment of the individual.But Dr. Lord does net prove either of these threepositions. There is not the least evidence thatNoah spoke by any divine authority. He had justcome not of a fit of drunkenness, which apparentlystill lingered about him; for instead of cursingHam, who had been guilty of a disrespectful action,he cursed Canaan, one of Ham's four sons.Nor does it appear that this curse was fulfilled, butGod showed apparently his disapproval of it byfulfilling the opposite. For Ham is supposed tohave dwelt in Egypt, and instead of the Egyptiansbecoming the slaves of the Israelites, the Israelitesbecame the slaves of the Egyptians. And insteadof God interfering to establish slavery, we allknow how he interfered to abolish slavery. Is itnot curious that Dr. Lord should pass by the greatfact of emancipation, in which the Supreme Beingestablished abolition on the largest scale as a positiveinstitution,—that be should pass by this, andinsist on half a down words spoken by Noah in afit of drunkenness? For if the Old Testament isthe word of God, then by the miraculous deliveranceof the Israelites, God has established immediateemancipation as a positive institution of revealedreligion. But all this Dr. Lord evades. You would supposehe bad never heard of such s thing as theExodus. But on the curse of Ham (about which,however, nothing is said in the Old Testament) bedwells earnestly. Also, either by the aid of Mr.Layard, or by other means unknown to the rest ofthe world, be has found some antediluvian marriagerecords, and learned (what the Bible omitsto mention) that Ham intermarried with the raceof Cain. This supposed marriage of Ham he believesto be a good reason for the hereditary slaveryof the negroes; although Canaan (on whom thecurse was really pronounced) was not the anotherof the negroes, but of the inhabitants of Syria. That the Patriarchs held slaves may be tree, butit is also true that they had several wives, andamong them their own sisters. To justify slavery,therefore, by the practice of the Patriarchs, maylead to consequence which even Dr. Lord will notrelish. Dr. Lord asserts that Moses not only allowed theIsraelites to buy and sell slaves, but required themto do so. We believe that this is another discoveryof Dr. Lord's, and it carries us a great way.For if it proves slavery to be right at the presenttime, it proves it also to be a duty. In that caseit follows that we are as much bound to own slavesis New England, as we are bound to keep theLord's day. In asserting that Moses required theJews to buy and sell slaves, Dr. Lord probably refersto Leviticus xxv, 44–46. In this passageMoses directs the Jews not to buy and sell theirown brethren, but when they want slaves, to buyfrom among the heathen. He uses this language:'Thy bondmen and thy bondmaids which thoushalt have shall be of the heathen round aboutyou; of them shall ye bay bondmen and bendmaids.' By making this word shall imperative,Dr. Lord turns it into an absolute command, andthus asserts that slaveholding was a moral dutyunder the Mosaic dispensation. The Phariseesreasoned precisely in the same way concerning thelaw of divorce. Moses had said, Dost. XXIV. 1,that when a man bath married a wife, 'and shefind no favor in his eyes, then let him write her abill or divorcement.' The Pharisees saw fit to considerthis word let an absolute command, just asDr. Lord considers the word shall an absolute command;and when Jesus forbade divorce, they said,'Why did Moses then co to give a writing ofdivorcement, and to pot her away?' Jesus replied,'It was because of the hardness of theirhearts, that Moses suffered them to put away theirwives, but from the beginning it was not so.' Inthe same way, common sense and humanity woulddesire to interpret the other passage; but Dr. Lordrefuses to believe that slavery was surely sufferedfor the hardness of their hearts, And yet we asnot see why be should desire any larger liberty orampler permission than this. For when a Christianminister and touchier of youth living in NewEngland, surrounded by the blessings of freedom,volunteers to defend slavery as right in itself, anddeclares himself ready to own slaves, 'if necessityor convenience should require,' be would certainlyseem to be sufficiently excused if be can show thatmen are allowed to own slaves, provided they havean adequate 'hardness of heart.' allowed required required shall imperative let shall suffered As a matter of course, Dr. Lord thinks it a greatproof that slavery is a positive institution of revealedreligion, that neither Jesus nor his Apectiesabrogated it in distinct terms. Nor did they abrogatein distinct terms paganism, despotism, polygamy,or war, all of which existed in the worldaround them; hence, according to the logic of Dr.Lord, these are positive institutions of resealed religion.But Christ taught as the second great commandmentof the law, that we are to love ourneighbor as ourselves. If, therefore, Dr. Lordwould not be willing to be a slave himself, or tohave his wife and daughters enslaved, we shouldthink it sufficiently proved that be had no right,under the Christian dispensation, to make otherpeople or other peoples' wires and daughtersslaves. But this course of reasoning, though sufficientlysimple, is beyond his comprehension.His reply is, that the law of love 'does not requirethe overthrow of all established orders and definitions.'Because the law of love dose not requirethat we should abolish the usual distinctions infree necessity, and make all men follow the sametrade or profession, therefore, argues this uploadedlogician, we can love our neighbor as ourselves, andyet buy and cell him as a slave. The law of love,says he, requires only that we should buy and sellhim in a loving spirit; that we should regard himwith benevolence while we call him away from hiswife and children; that we should in the purestphilanthropy forbid him to read his Bible; that, ifhe attempts to escape, we should tenderly pursuehim with bloodhounds, and sweetly stop him witha charge of buck-shot. For are not these whatthe President calls 'mere physical facts, and withoutmoral character, except in reference to the intuitionwith which they are performed'? Thus both the President of Dartmouth Collegeaccept the famous doctrine of the Jesuits concerningthe Intention. To compel a man to work foryou without wages for seventy years is, he thinks,'a mere physical fact without moral character.If yon do it in a wrong spirit, the act is a wrongone. But if you do it because you think him tobe a descendant of the cursed race of Ham, whomGod has ordained to slavery, it then becomes ahighly virtuous act, and indeed a Christian duty.So, likewise, to perpetuate and extend slavery'is right or wrong according to the motive fromwhich It is done. If it be done by Mr. Calhoun,because he believes sincerely that the Union wouldbe benefited by it, then it ought to be done. Thenthe law of love requires the annexation of Texas,and the establishment of slavery therein. But ifit be done by Border Ruffians,' from avarice, last,or political ambition,' then the law of love forbidsit. The result is, that, if you will only take careto maintain a good intention, you only do anythingyon will. a wrong spirit It is proper, however, to any, that Dr. Lord ismuch opposed to the abuses of slavery, to its tyrannicaland oppressive laws, and to the withholdingfrom the slaves that which is just and equal.He does not specify these abuses; but comparedwith his ideal of 'slavery as it ought to be,' evidentlythinks 'slavery as it is' an imperfect and unsatisfactoryinstitution. But according to his ownethical theory, we do not see very well how be canfind fault with these abuses. For suppose thatslaves are cruelly beaten and overworked, thatfamilies are separated and deprived of religious instruction;might not the slaveholder whom he rebukesreply: 'Sir, these things are mere physicalfacts, without moral character except in referenceto the intention with which they are performed.Now, our intention in doing this is good, for wefind it impossible to sustain otherwise the institutionwhich you teach us to be divinely appointedboth by natural and revealed religion. Such is theperverse desire for liberty In the depraved humanmind, that, without bloodhounds, whips, and rifles,we could not keep the descendants of Ham fromrunning away. If we allowed them to read andwrite, we could not retain them in slavery. Thesethings, therefore, which you call abuses, we believeto be essential to maintain the institution.We may be wrong, but such is our sincere belief.Our intention is therefore good, and, according toyour doctrine, the facts themselves are not immoral.We occasionally burn a negro alive, but It isdone in order to maintain this divine institution,and therefore it is 'a more physical fact withoutmoral character,' It is true that in Kansas thepeople of Missouri have taken possession of thepolls and elected a legislature who have passedlaws punishing with imprisonment and death thecrime of speaking against slavery. It is true that,they have destroyed presses, and burnt hotels, shotand hung and robbed and driven out of the Territorythe emigrants who wished to asks of it a FreeState; but this has all been done because it wasnecessary to prevent the overthrow of this divineinstitution. These, therefore, are also 'morephysical facts with no moral character.' It isalso true that free speech at Washington endangersthe institution, and therefore it has becomenecessary to silence a Massachusetts Senator withthe bludgeon. But when you consider our intention,you must admit that this assault on Mr. Sumnerwas not immoral. It was 'a mere physicalfact.' All these things were done in order to preventthe overthrow of an institution which youyourself admit to be divine. According to yourethics, therefore, they are meritorious and good,and what you call the abuse of the system is in,fact an essential part of it. slavery as it ought to be slavery as it is We do not see what Dr. Lord could say in replyto this argument. Indeed, he believes that slavery,'notwithstanding the abuses of it, has beenon the whole better for the world, in respect bothto righteousness and even to physical happiness ingeneral,' than its non-existence would nave been.The great evil, according to him, is not to be foundin slavery, but in freedom. He reserves severityof his rebuke and the sharpeners of his entire,not for the despot nor for the tyrant, but for thosewho wish to break every yoke and to let the oppressedgo free. According to his view, it wasnot Pharaoh, bat rather Moses, who was to beblamed. According to him, when lavish announcedto the Jews that God required of them 'to relievethe oppressed,' and to 'let him go free,' and 'tobreak every yoke,' be was altering 'a destructivefallacy.' He was acting like 'a romantic and excitedperson,' and his sympathies were 'one-aidedand misdirected.' And when the Lord himself,went about the land preaching deliverance to thecaptives, and announcing the brotherhood of man,there is no doubt that, if Dr. Lord had been present,he would have thought it 'very alarming.'Christ's offer or comfort and rest to all men, 'despiteexisting diversities of sects, nation, race,position, capacity, intelligence, experience, relations,'would have struck him as 'very rash anddangerous,' though very specious and flattering. It is difficult to read these two letters of Dr.Lord without a certain and astonishment, and withouta sinking of the heart. To defend as 'rightin itself' a system which denies to the human beingevery right; to declare that to be 'an institutionof natural religion' which all eminentphilosophers,' jurists, and moralists, with secretlyan exception, have condemned as contrary to naturaljustices; to proclaim as 'a positive institutionof revealed religion,' and as 'not inconsistentwith the law of love,' A system which reducesman to the level of the brute beast,—this courageousavowal of evil principle, has been reserved forthe President of a New England College, in a landof freedom, and for a minister of the holy Jesusin the middle of the nineteenth country! In anage of light, he has chosen darkness. The result,however, of his pamphlets will probably be, on thewhole, good. The it is always necessary 'that theman of sin should be revealed,' that evil principlesshould be uttered, in order to be seen in alltheir enormity. The time had some, in the dissuasionof slavery, when it was necessary thatsame one should say all that could be said in defenseof the principle, that it might be seen howlittle there was to be said for it. By what fatalityDr. Lord was left to occupy this bad eminence ofevil, we cannot say. His books will do good,though in a somewhat different way from thatwhich be expects. They will stand as a beacon towarn men of the recite to which we may be led bya theology divorced from humanity, by a logicwhich is not corrected by common sense, and by asystem of doctrine which makes fear rather thenlove the essential motive power in religion. that For when we trace to the bottom Dr. Lord'stheory, we shall find, as always, the root of themoral system in he in the theology. The viewwhich one takes of God determines his view ofman, of life, and of duty. There is one class ofthinkers who regard God essentially as a Governor;another slave who look upon him essentiallyas a Father. But as the chief purpose of a governoris to restrain evil, while the chief purposeof a father is to develop good, man, according inthe one view, is a being to be restrained while,according to the other, he is a being to be educated.The idea of government suggests restraints andchecks; the virtues desired in a subject are submission,obedience, humility. He who regards Godmission, obedience, humility. He who regards Godchiefly as a ruler will think that he prefers even anobedience born of constraint to a more irregularobedience born of freedom. The very word FREEDOMbecomes at last distasteful, always suggestingirregularity and license. Having thus made obedienceto God to consist in the submission of a slave.it is not strange that slavery in its grossest outwardforms should become sanctified and respectable.  REEDOM The opposite view, which looks upon God chieflyas a father, regards man not as a slave to be governed,but as a soul to be unfolded, and looks uponlife as a place of education. And here, immediatelyand necessarily, comes in a sense of the valueof liberty. Milton, is whose soul the love of libertylay deep, and to whom life everywhere appeareda scene of free struggle and moral conquestover evil, says: 'Were I the chooser, a dram ofwell-doing should be preferred before many timesas much the forcible hinderance of evil-doing. ForGod sure esteems the growth and completing of onevirtuous person more than the restraint of ten vicious.'And again, speaking of Adam, he says:'Many there he that complain of Divine Providencefor suffering A law to transgress. Foolishtongues! when God gave him reason, he gate himfreedom to choose, for reason is but choosing; hehad else been a mere artificial Adam. We ourselvesesteem not of that obedience, or love, orgift, which is of force; God therefore left him free,set before him a provoking object, ever almost inhis eyes; herein consisted his merit, herein theright of his reward, the praise of his abstinence.' Those who contend for the emancipation of theslaves, contend in this spirit, and for this reason.They believe in freedom as the essential element ofvirtue. They abhor slavery, not chiefly for its outwardand material evils, though these are the inevitableGod-appointed marks of its foul nature,but mainly for the evil which it does to the SOUL.They abhor it because it forbids human progress,and because it stupefies the human reason. If thenegro slave in America is in a higher moral conditionthan he was in Africa, it is not his slaverywhich has made him so, but the surrounding freedom.It is because, though a slave, and in spiteof slavery, he drinks in some of the blessed influencesof mental and moral liberty belonging tothat happier race around him. No thanks to thosewho made him a slave, or who keep him so, forthis. It was a great blessing to Joseph, that hewas sold as a slave into Egypt; but it was not hisbeing a slave, but his being in Egypt, whichbrought the blessing. 'Howbeit, ye meant it forevil, but the Lord turned it to good.' It was bythe providence of God, and for the good of theworld, that Jesus was put to death: but that is noexcuse for Judas, Caiaphas, or Pilate. If thosewho persecuted the early Christian's had defendedtheir cruelty on the ground that 'the blood of themartyrs is the seed of the Church,' they wouldhave argued just as Dr. Lord argues when be defendsslavery on the ground that negroes are betteroff in America than they would have been in Africa.Conceive of a Christian bishop, in the thirdcentury, writing a 'Letter of Inquiry to his BrotherMinisters on Persecution.' He might have arguedthat persecution is an institution of God, accordingto natural religion, because it tends tocheck the tendency of the mind to error, becauseit keeps the Church humble and pure, and restrainsthe tendencies to evil which prosperity always unfolds.He might also argue that it was a 'positiveinstitution of revealed religion,' since Elijah,the great Prophet of God, destroyed four hundredand fifty or the priests of Baal, saying, 'Take theprophets of Baal, let not one escape. He mighthave argued, that to burn a man at the stake forheresy, or to throw him to the lions for being aChristian, 'is not inconsistent with the law oflove'; since these 'are mere physical facts withoutmoral character, except in reference to the intentionwith which they are performed.' And theintention in the one case being to prevent a soul-destroyingheresy, and in the other ease to preventthe Roman empire from being disturbed by new religions,to persecute 'from these righteous andbenevolent motives is truly virtuous and commendable,'and 'one of the methods by which good menbecome co-workers with God as benefactors of theworld.' Surely there is not an argument used byDr. Lord in defending slavery, which might not beused with yet greater force in defence of pagan andpapal persecutions. OUL. but the surrounding freedom. ye the Lord Such heresies as these care themselves. But, inthe mean time, there is no doubt that they do agreat deal of harm. Tending to ultimate good,they yet produce necessarily much present evil.These writings of Dr. Lord will not strengthenslavery; but they will promote infidelity, furnisha handle to scoffers against Christianity, and tendto produce an opposite ultraism. When Dr. Lordargues that slavery is a 'positive institution of revealedreligion,' no man will believe any more inslavery, but many will disbelieve in revelation.Those who defend iniquities like these oat of theBible, do more to promote infidelity than could bedone by Voltaire, Paine, and Aimer Kneeland, alltogether. They wound Christ in the house of hisfriends. We should consider the risk of a youngman's becoming an infidel by going to DartmouthCollege greater than from attending a course oflectures by Fanny Wright or Robert Owen. ForDr. Lord is doing his best to convince the youngmen under his charge that the Bible teaches a systemwhich tramples on human rights; which sellsmen and women and children on the auction-block;which separates husbands and wives; which pollutessociety, degrades labor, destroys the purityof woman; which tends to poverty and ignorance,to cruelty and violence and war; which attacksfreedom of speech, of the press, of the pulpit, andof the ballot-box; and which is moving on to thesure destruction of national peace and prosperity.If the young men at Dartmouth believe their teacher,as they naturally will, the consequence will bethat they will disbelieve the Bible. We thereforethink it would be not much worse for a youngman's Christianity to send him to an infidel club,than to let him go through Dartmouth Collegewhile it is under the charge of Dr. Lord. It has been a common thing to attack HarvardCollege on account of the Unitarian opinions heldby a majority of its government. Parents havebeen earnestly warned against sending their childrento such an institution, although no one hasever been able to give a single instance of an attemptby any Cambridge Unitarian Professor onthe creed or an Orthodox student. If any suchinstance could have been given, there is no doubtthat it would have been brought forward. Insteadof facts, it has always bean necessary to arguefrom the supposed tendency of listening to the instructionsof such teachers. But we would askintelligent Orthodox men to decide which is worse,for a boy to a lecture on Greek or Astronomyfrom a Unitarian, or for the same boy tobe under a President who is such a fanatic for slavery,that, not only in the lecture-room, but by repeatedpublication, he defends that institutionas divinely appointed, and as an important partboth of natural and revealed religion! We wishno harm to Dartmouth College, but rather good,in desiring that it may ha speedily relieved fromthe injury of having at its head a man or such extremeand bitter fanaticism. J.F.C. could 
