 LAWRENCE, K.T., Nov. 5, 1856. AWRENCE Being ahead of your regular correspondent in receiptof the following intelligence, and being also desirousthat you should be kept well postal on all mattersrelative to Kansas and the struggles of the Free Statemen, I, without preface, rend it you. A Mr. Redfield, who, came with the party underCol. Eldridge, and who, with some twenty others, havetaken claims on the Potawatamie River, arrived hereto-day, with a report that their settlement was nightlydisturbed and annoyed by incursions of Missourianand Georgians who are lingering abut the neighborhoodof Ball Creek, endeavoring, by a series on insultsand outrages, not amounting to an actual attack, todiscourage the Free-State men, and make them abandontheir claims. Mr. Redfield took back a quantity atarms and ammunition of distribution among his men,so that it is quite probable that the diabolism to thesescoundrels may yet cost them dear. actual attack On Saturday last, a company of these Georgians,staying with a pro-slavery man by the name of Jones,living on the Santa Fe reed, assailed wantonly andwithout any provocation, a Mr. Sutton, (Free State,)who was working peaceably on his claim—shot at him,and drove him into his house, where they left him withthreats of murder. Afterward, on the same day, this same party ofGeorgians met a man (whose name escaped my memory)going to Westport for a load of provisions, whom,on learning that he was opposed to the admission ofKansas as a slave State, one of them immediately chof,the hall entering his book, near the region of the opinalcolumn, and coming out just below his heart. Heis not yet dead, but lingering in excruciating agony. chof The Committee have opened rooms in Lawrence forthe distribution of the clothing and provisions seat onhere from the East. It falls to my lot to assist in theirdisbursement, and I can assure you that I have neverhad my heart so sickened with sorrow as at the evidencesof suffering and wretchedness and inconceivabledeprivations which have been thrust upon our people.From sunrise until sunset, the rooms literallyswarm with applicants for relief—men, women andchildren, haggard and pale, and almost denuded, withharrowing tales of insult and outrage and murder, anddestruction of their little all, by the onsets of theseworse than devils. Some have lived on baked squash,others alone on pampering, came on green corn groundin coffee-mills, and some have been so harassed andhunted that they can hardly tell how they have lived.Most of these applicants are exceedingly intelligent,and some whose tatters rustle in the wind are so highlyeducated that they would do no discredit to the mostpolished and gifted circles. baked squash pampering green corn groundin coffee-mills For God's sake, Messrs. Editors, de all you can toinduce the North to send us more food and clothing! The infamous Clark, murderer of Barber, passedthrough our town to-day, escorted by about twentydrageous, the despicable wretch being too much afraidto come among us alone. So true is it that 'the wickedfles when no man pursueth.' Fifteen other of the prisoners at Lecompton were acquittedyesterday, eight of whom were, however, rearrested,on the charge of having assisted in the destructionof Titus's house. The seven who reachedLawrence same in to-day for change of clothing—noblefellows, all of them—yet, in consequence of being sohuddled together in such a filthy hole as their prison atLecompton, they were, physically, about the most loathsome,and abhorrent act of men I have ever scan—a factwhich needs no comment. About a week since, when Gov. Geary was in the regionof Osawatomie, he gave Martin White, the assassinatorof Frederick Brown, half a dozen dragnets,that he (White) might assist him in his arrests of FreeState men, who are guilty of no earthly crime save thatof retaking from the pro-slaveryites the property ofwhich they have been robbed. This is pacification witha vengeance! 
