 BOSTON, Nov, 8, 1856. OSTON Would that it were is my power to reproducefor your readers the scene of last Monday! Itcan no more be done, than the spontaneous andaccumulated enthusiasm of a human multitude canbe poured into an inkstand. Men who know verywell the powers and the limits of language, andwhose names are known to the world, through theirown mastery of it, said to one another that evening,'We are glad that our own eyes have seenthis; for no report, no description, however graphicor full, could show it as it was.' Charles Sumnercame into Boston on a quiet errand—to drop a votefor the principles he had so eloquently advocated,and for which he had so cheerfully suffered. Buthe came with the united honors of a here, a statesman,a scholar, an orator, a martyr; and it wasnot strange the people met him as they did. Theactual history of the preparations made to receivehim would fix upon the demonstration even a moreremarkable character than it bore in its appearance.Up to the middle of the preceding week, it remainedextremely doubtful whether he would havephysical strength to undertake the journey withany degree of safety. His medical advisers weredivided in opinion as to the probable effects. Hisown consistent and irrepressible determination toleave no single not undone, which could in anyway promote the great and that is dearer to himthen life, overruled every objection, and on Fridayit became definitely known in Boston that he mightbe expected. Having been carefully kept frompublic observation on the way, and carried from arailroad station in Dorchester to Cambridge by aprimes conveyance, in order that no unnecessaryexcitement might attend his arrival, he passed theSabbath as Cambridge, very quietly with his intimateand cordial friend, the post Longfellow, assinuous a lover of liberty as himself. I have beentold, that at the principal places on the Springfieldand New Haven road—the routs which he did nottake—the sudden news of his contemplated visithad collected crowds of people, hoping to see himas he passed through. On Monday morning hewas taken to the residence of A.A. Lawrence,Esq., in Brookline—a gentleman where hospitalityon this occasion was the more signal, in that he isknown to be a Fillmore Whig, but where liberaland hearty sympathy with the cause of the FreeState men in Kansas has naturally drawn him intoa moral fellowship with his distinguished guest.In the vicinity of his mansion, the country wasearly astir with carriage, horsemen, and pedestrians—men, women and children—many of whomjoined the long procession when it moved. Of thesubsequent proceedings, of the progress of the escortof eminent men through Brookline village andRoxbury, of the elevated and sterling charactersof these that took part in this suburban welcome,of the brilliant display at the reception at the Bostonlies, of the immense cavalcade that there formedand conducted the guest to the Capitol, of thesigns of substantial worth and superior intelligencestamped on the faces and forms of this vast arrayof horsemen, of the hearty shouts, waving of hatsand handkerchiefs, and all other manifestations ofjoy, that enlivened the whole course of the march;of the throngs of persons of both sexes that overflowedthe sidewalks and poured everybody into thestreets, filled the balconies and windows, and arrayedthemselves into every vacant area and courtyard;of the evergreens that were strewn in theway; of the schools of young girls that came outdressed in white and radiant with beauty; of thegroups of orphan children; of the flowers thatwere showered incessantly from the houses of womentill the barouche was literally heaped withboquets; of the ingenious devices and the significantmottoes, all expressive of the dominant loveof human liberty, and the reverence for humanrights; of the suspension of common business andthe arousing of uncommon emotions; of the singularlydiversified condition and appearance, age andculture, of those that pressed up to grasp the truepatriot's hand; of incidents that started tears bytheir pathos, and laughter by their simple ardor;of the indescribable pageant on Beacon street, andabout the State House, when Massachusetts honoredherself by advancing, in the person of her ChiefMagistrate, to salute her brave son and defenderat the door of her halls of legislature; of theother and final scene at the Senator's own dwelling,where his noble form appeared before the multitudeat one window, where the pale countenanceof the venerable mother—attenuated, but lofty andfirm, who had waited all these weary months alone,in agonizing suspense whether her motherly armsshould ever greet again the stately form of her son—appeared at the other, amidst the deafeningplaudits of the citizens; of the reluctance of thedense mass to disperse, and the final triumphantclose of the whole glorious day: of all this it isnot necessary, at this date, to give any elaborateaccount. What was most extraordinary in this whole rejoicingand jubilee of the city was that it was purely,and throughout, the result of individual feeling.In that regard, I do not hesitate to pronounceit without precedent. Every body knows that allgreat public processions are not only adorned, butactually composed, to a large extent, of organizedbodies, military companies, fire engine companies,masonic and odd fellows' lodges, literary, scientificor other societies, each one of which fills its ranksby a love of esprit du corps or local pride, and soswells the aggregate number. Now not a singleorganized body, military or other, entered into thecomposition of the Sumner reception. Not one ofthe distinguished men present was even offered aplace in the carriages provided, nor invited till themorning of the demonstration. Every man camebecause his own heart brought him. It was a simpletrue grand offering of men's souls to justice, tocourage, to truth, to humanity, and to one of thevery foremost of living men. In this view, probablyno public servant of the country, since Washington,was ever so greeted among his neighbors. esprit du corps not a singleorganized body The whole measure had a profound meaning,both as a manifestation of what is, and as an influenceupon the future. It needed no unusual insightto see that as this ocean of enthusiasm roseinto our streets, climbed Beacon street, dashedagainst all men's doors, and shook the foundationsof the Capitol, with its living flood and its mightyvoice, a certain class of the citizens were taking alesson they had never received quite so impressivelybefore. Depend upon it, certain gentlemen.who are too apt to measure the interests of theworld by their private tastes, and to confine theirregards to the narrow circle of their own socialsympathies, their literary culture and their commercialadvantage, saw and felt that day, as neverbefore, to what sublime and eternal melodies theheart of the people really beats. Taken in connectionwith the voice of the ballot-box the day following,the demonstration inspired a new hope forthe country, a firm assurance of a united North,and thus a deeper confidence in the preservation ofthe Union and its blessings. At the same moment,old wrongs were partially atoned for. Mr. Sumner,for all his terrible sufferings, so infamously inflicted,so patiently borne, was then avenged—howpeacefully! So Providence works out its compensationsin a Christian land. Ruffians andbludgeon-bearers, sprinkling the Senate Hall withblood, and insulting civilization with their infamy,see here the folly and the desperation of theircrimes. We can afford to take courage. We canwait on in faith. what is thus Mr. Sumner is to recover. He has gone throughtwo or three critical junctures, more full of perilthan his physicians allowed the public to know.The dangers of his disease have not been exaggerated,but the contrary. Yet ever since the favorabletern taken by his constitution in the mountains ofPennsylvania in August, he has been gainingsteadily; Pennsylvania has served the good causeby her climate, if not by her votes. At present,every day gives now vigor to the enfeebled limbs,added color to the face, and more steadiness to theagitated nerves and pulse. His spirits are cheerful,and all his symptoms improving. The onlyperceptible infirmity is in the muscular and nervoussystems. Good men's prayers are being answered.That there is no abatement of the wontedintellectual fire, all may know who read his speech,that day or his letters, or listen to his conversation.Every interview impresses upon one moreand more deeply the incalculable worth of his servicesin the Senate of the United States, the ripenessof his powers, the largeness of his learning,the disinterestedness of his patriotism, the Christiansincerity of his soul. Unless some unforeseenhindrance occurs, the nation will find him soon athis post, ready to do fair deeds with all men, toraise his eloquent voice for the right, to forgive hisenemies, to befriend the weak and oppressed, tolead the armies of a true and wise reform againstall slavery, and all violence, and all corruption,and all falsehood and fraud. Yours, TRI-MOUNTAIN. ☞We respectfully submit that Mr. Sumner's truepositive, as an uncompromising friend of freedom, isoutside of Congress, 'that cage of unclean birds' andrendezvous of Southern assassins—outside of this slaveholdingand slave-busting government—outside of theblood-stained Constitution—and outside of this deemedand thrice assured Union with the South.]—Ed. Lib. Ed. Lib. 
