 The Congress, whose session has dragged its slowlength along for eight weary months, and which cameto an unwilling end the last week, only becauseWashington had become too hot to hold it (wouldthat the country were so, too!) has signalized itselfabove all its predecessors by the cheerful alacrity ofits services to slavery. Many Sessions have done vil-lainously, but thou best surpassed them all! Neverdid the presiding Divinity at the American peoplehave its hellish liturgy performed with more religionseal, by a devouter priesthood, led by a more wililngPontiff, then it has found in the present Congress andin its Coryphaeus, James K. Polk. To auspicate spicate fitly its career, this Congress hastened,as its earliest act, to throw wide open the doors ofthe Union to Texas, when slavery demanded her ad-mission. And in stalked the brazen Jezabel, rejoic-ing from the plunder of Mexico, her garments rolledin the blood of thirty thousand slaves, and took herseat by the side of the legitimate daughters of the Rev-volution and of the bastard brood they had adopted assisters. Many men in those halls were aghast at theobscene presence, but none dared to resent the insultof the intrusion. Many abhorred, but all submittedto her foul companionship. 'So Tophet looked, so grinned the brawling Fiend,And frightened prelates bowed and called him friend But Slavery was not content with the portion ofstolen lands which this her new handmaid was en-dowed withal, and she demanded the aid of the na-tion to be given to her own banditti, to wrest as add-tional domain from her feeble neighbor, for her ownvile uses. The demand was made. Circumstanceshad been cunningly devised to make it phausible. Thenorthern members raised their eyes, and lo! the grislyspectre of the Hartford Convention glided beforethem and frightened them from their propriety. Theghastly vision reminded them that to vote against awar would put them under the ban of the Republic,and shut forever against them the gates of the Para->dise of Cabinet offices and Foreign Missions. And,with but fourteen exceptions, they bowed the knee, anddid the homage the tyrant required. To be sure, theywere obliged to tell a notorious lie in the process, 'But who, with such delights in view,Would lose them for a lie or two'.  The northern vassals having thus done suit andservice to their liege lady and sovereign mistressSlavery, it was time for her to distribute her rewardsamong them. And the way she did it was, slungapart, a caution to beholders. First the West hadbeen promised Oregon as the price of Texas. Butsuch a premise was manifestly void ab initio, as hos-tile to the interest of the sovereign. What wantedshe of territory from which she was herself expresslyexcluded? So, she proved, at once, her generosityand her love of peace, by making John Bull a presentof half of it. The great Agricultural West bellowedat being thus baulked of the pries it had thought justwithin its clutch. But it was soon made consciousof its tether, and growlingly submitted to its fate. Next, the merchants put in their claim for all theyhad done, and all they had omitted to do, to provetheir allegiance to slavery. Had they not mobbedGarrison, and burned Pennsylvania Hall? Had theynot furnished their southern masters with millionsupon millions of their goods, looking not for theirown again,or, at least, never getting it? Were nottheir vessels ready to be chartered for the domesticslave trade? And had they not its every way, en-countenanced northern fanaticism and vindicatedsouthern rights? The claim was admitted, and therecompense awarded was—the Sub-treasury. Ameasure invented and designed for the purpose ofcrippling their energies and thwarting their enter-prise! Verily, they had their reward. And, again, the Northern Manufacturers humblysured for mercy on the ground of their well-provedfealty. Had they not withdrawn their first faint op-position to the bouns of the Texan Union, when theyfound that slavery was resolute that is should be com-pleted? Had they not, by the months of the verychieest among ten thousand, declared that it was 'toolate' to resist the admission of the harlot, while shestood yet knocking at the door? Had they not dis-countenanced all agitation against her reception onthe ground that such opposition would endanger theTariff? Like Belisarius, they pointed to their wounds,and held out their hands, and cried, 'Date obolun''Behold our soars! Leave us the two-pency Tarifminx snatched it away and laid them sprawling in thedirt, for their pains! And, after all, it was by the votes of the Senatorsof that very Texas, which their from for the Tariffhad made them find that it was 'too late' to oppose,that the change they dreaded, and had made suchconcessions to Slavery to avert, was precipitated up-to them? Justice is not always slow, and the Aven-ger does  ot delay his anger forever. Never wasthere such an instance of political, not to say poetical,justice. It gave a poignancy to the relish with whichSlavery must have enjoyed her triumph. It gavealamack of absurdity to the transaction to thelookers on everywhere. One could hardly helpa sort of malicious pleasure in seeing men caught intheir own craftiness, and floundering in the pit whichtheir own hands had digged.  'For the sport to have the engineer,Hoist with his own petard!'  After having thus done more for slavery than anyof its predecessors, this evil Congress, on the 10thday of August, did at last a good thing, by ceasing fora season to do anything. It adjourned, and thoughthere was no more dignity or decorum than usuallyattends the breaking up of the national Bear-garden,still we must all allow that its last day was its bestday, and that, .—Nothing in its lifeBecame it like the leaving o't!—Q.  
