 We made a suggestion, some time since, either inthis paper or the Standard, that the Wings wouldnever elect a President till they had found a candidatethat could neither read nor write. Or, at least,until they could treat him as the undutiful fathersand guardians in plays do their daughters and wards,and lock bun up from the use of pen, ink and paperThis last course they pursued as to Harrison, and sothey were aide to elect him. But Mr. Clay 'played theRoman fool' and fell upon his pen, murdering him-selfand all the hopes of his party with a most ruthlesssuicide. And now General Taylor shows themost rabid symptoms of this epistotomania, threateninga melancholy end to himself and the Whigs. epistotomania Besides all his former letters, and his cool permissionto the Wings, to elect him, provided it were notas a Whig, he wrote a letter of three lines, awhilesince, to a Mr. Lippard, stating that he accepted thePhiladelphia nomination, as he had all others offeredto him, and as he would have accepted that ofBaltimore had it been offered! He doesn't wantto he President, not he! But he is too obliging aa gentleman to refuse any invitation from any body.He accepted the Whig nomination as Benedick mar-Beatrice,'out of great persuasion and partly to saveher life!' And the poor Whigs were fain to havebeen on his own terms. But now comes the hardestrub of all. He has given them a fresh proof ofwhat they hive to expect after matrimony. Andthey are no Petrucos to tame such a Katherine.  A portion of the most fanatical of the Slaveholders,Slaveholders of the Slaveholders, dissatisfiedwith the nomination of Cass and of Fillmore, held ameeting at Charleston, and nominated Gen Tayloras President, and GEN. BUTLER, as Vice President!And this nomination Gen. Taylor ACCEPTS!The Atlas and Daily Advertiser publish the correspondence,and the Courier Taylor's answer, withouta word of comment. No doubt they would be wellcontent to purchase the privilege of pulling theirshouts into the national trough al the cost of Fillmore,though it will not do to say so. But the letteris like to make trouble in New York, where theWhigs look upon it as an intuit to Fillmore, and itmay result in the nomination of Clay. The followingis Mr. Pringle's letter to Gen. Taylor, andhis reply.—Q. EN. UTLER 
