 Of the Anti-Slavery Society of Eastern Pennsylvania,New Jersey and Delaware Of the Anti-Slavery Society of Eastern Pennsylvania,New Jersey and Delaware In pursuance of a call of the Executive Committee,the Society met, Eighth month, (August) 9th,1848, in the Baptist meeting-house, in Norristown,Pa. The President, Robert Purvis, called the meetingto order. On motion. Resolved, That all persons present,whether favorable or unfavorable to the doctrinesof the Society, be invited to participate in its discussions. On motion, the following persons were appointeda Business Committee, via: Howard W. Gilbert,James Molt, Grace Anna Lewis, J.M. McKim,Parker Pillsbury of New Hampshire, Wm. W.Brown of Mass., and Isaac S. Flint. On motion of James Mod, Edward H. Magillwas appointed assist of Secretary. On motion, Edward M. Davis, Thos. Whitson,Jacob L. Pexson, and Sarah Pugh, were added tothe Business Committee; and it was Resolved,That this Committee be also a committee of Waysand Means. Wm. W. Brown then sung the song called the'Fugitive's Triumph.' J.M. McKim read the following: The period has again recurred, when it becomesthe duty—as it is the pleasure—of Executivecommittee, to make their report of the state andprospects of the cause within its bounds, to theSociety. And in the performance of this task,they find it impossible to speak in any other thantheir wonted language of cheer and Net because such language has on these occasions, exercising insensibly the forceof an established forms but, because no other woulddo justice to the truth, or adequately express theirown feelings.   The course of the Anti-Slavery movement duringthe last, as in all preceding years he commencement,has been steadily and rapidly coward. That it is desired to a certain and not for distanttriumph has now become generally evident. Theconviction that in some way of other, and at a daynot far in the future, slavery in the United States isto be abolished and especially that the supportgiven to it by the North, is to be withdrawn, is impressingitself generally and irebly upon thepublic mind. As eighteen centuries go, the introductionof the Christian Ear was foreshadowedby a general expectation; as the people wereeverywhere pervaded with the belief that a newprophet would be raised up, charged with gloriousrevolutions from Heaven, and whose invasion itshould be to introduce into the world a new andillustrious dissemination—as now is the day of thiscountry's deliverance from the thrall of slaverypresaged by a similar sign. There is a general expectationamong the people. Men are every whereon the lookout for the occurrence of events, in thenatural progress of affairs, or in the dispensationsof providence, which shall strike the shack les fromthe limbs of the slave, and liberate this otherwiseglorious country from the curse which now hindsit to infamy.  This general expectation is both a sign to heraldthe approaching day, and a cause to hasten itscoming. Its operation in the latter respect—as acause, must be obvious. As men become convincedof the approach of this event, and in proportionto their conviction of its nearness, will theyaccommodate themselves to its coming, and getready to greet its arrival. They will view thewhole subject through a new medium. Passionand prejudice will be dispelled, and reason will resumeher ascendancy. They will see that the doctrineswhich they have been fighting against, arethe doctrines of truth and justice, and that the menwhom they have defamed, deserve their highestrespect. Seeing this, their whole views on thesubject will undergo a change, and their course ofaction receive an entirely new shape. Thus willthe belief in the certainty of Emancipation makeconverts to its doctrines, of thousands who wouldotherwise be impervious; and thus will the expectationhow pervading the people that the day of deliverancefrom slavery is approaching, operate toprecipitate its arrival. With views and feelingslike these, how can we speak in any other tonesthan those of congratulation and lively hope? itwould be impossible. We are fully assured thatthe cause is detained to triumph, and that our mostfondly cherished hopes are to ho realized. Onthese points we leave no doubts; no misgivings;we rejoice in the full assurance of hope. Does any one ask for the evidence, on which isbased such confident expectation? Our answeris, the evidence is within us and around us. It isfelt in the deep convictions of the soul which cometo us simultaneously with our doctrines. So vividis the impress which the truths of anti-slaverymake upon the mind, that an intuitive confidenceof their triumph seems inseperable from their heartyreception. To believe in the truth of abolition,is to believe in its ultimate ascendancy. More palpable evidence than this, however, isto be found in the facts which are every day transpiringaround us; in the accessions which are beingmade by thousands to the ranks of the advocatesof freedom; in the conversion of those whowere once hitter foes, into warm friends; in thefree spirit that is infusing itself into our—till recently—pro-slavery press; in the unanimity withwhich some of our religious sects are remonstratingagainst the evil; in the high stand on the subjecttaken by numbers of the clergy; in the anti-slaveryaction of our State legislatures; in the disappearanceand general condemnation of mob violence;in the diminution of prejudice against thepeople of color, as evinced in the greater respectevery where awarded to them, and the increasedfacilities afforded for their moral and physical improvement;in the place given to anti slavery discussionsin the halls of Congress, Mid the increasednumber, and boldness of our champions in thatbody; in the respect which is now awarded tothose brave men there, by their slaveholding fellowmembers, and the readiness with which theirspeeches are published in papers circulating at theSouth; in the establishment in the Southern States,of papers devoted exclusively to die overthrow ofslavery; and the open avowals made by other journals,of hostility to the slave system; and, aboveall, in the late disruption that has taken place inthe two great political parties of the country, andthe incipient formation of a now party, based specificallyon this question, and having for its end anobject which can only be effectually accomplishedby striking a death blow at the vitals of the slavesystem. These are some of the signs which indicate tous with unerring certainty that the time is not faroff when the object of all our efforts shall be consummate;and it is fitting that on an occasion likethe present, they should be brought out in reviewbefore us, and held up for our encouragement.They serve to reassure and strengthen us, and toanimate us anew for the conflict. But our object at this time is not so much to enlargeupon the state and prospects of the anti-slaverycause in general, as to consider its aspects inour own particular boundaries, and report themeasures which have been employed by this Societyfor its promotion. Our field of operations, itwill be remembered, includes Eastern Pennsylvaniaand the parts adjacent, of Delaware and theState of New Jersey. In all the region embracedin these points, the indications of our advancementare most decisive. All that has been said of thestate of the cause in general may be predicated to agreater or less extent of its condition here. Toenumerate. 1. In the first place, the sound of mob violenceis no longer board in our borders. The State ofPennsylvania, and particularly the city of Philadelphia,used to be notorious for their toleration ofpro-slavery mobs, and their bitter persecution ofthe friends of freedom. Happily this state of thingsno longer exists. Freedom of speech and of thepress on this subject have been fully established,and men may in all parts of the State, so far as anyexperiment has been made, exercise their rightswithout interruption. 2. The free colored people used to be objects ofthe most relations enmity. Every where werethey hunted and persecuted; and is the city ofPhiladelphia, on more than one occasion, weretheir houses entered by violence and sacked; theirproperty destroyed; their public buildings laid inashes, and they themselves obliged to seek safetyin flight. Now a more humans feeling pervadesthe people. Prejudice is giving way; respect istaking the place of hatred, and the spirit of humanitythat of persecution. But a few years since,the colored people of Philadelphia more mobbedfor commemorating the emancipation of theirbrethren in the British West Indian, by a publicprocession; a few months since and they were allowedto participate with the whites brating,in independence squared, the overthrow of despotismin France, and the spread of Impartial freedomin her colonies. And white on that occasion,some were descanting on the glorious deliveranceof the French people from their political disabilities,colored orators in the  of them werecolonizing the sincerity of the revolutionists in extendingof their colonies, and decreasing theemancipation of their bondmen personal slavery.And what is more, the willing, who conditiona majority of their auditory, were the loudest intheir expressions of apprehension. Until very recently,no interest was manifested for the intellectualand moral elevation of the colored of people, excepton the part of themselves, and  of theunless known  abolished,new in addition to the provision of public schools,whose every child may receive the elements of acommon education, the insert in the improvementsof the colored people is becoming general,and ant a manifesting itself try the establishment of newfacilitates for their hands. The measures whichhave lately been taken to eract at a heavy expense,a House of Refuge for the use of colored juveniledelinquents, is an evidence—even while recognizingin the unjust dithering of color—of the greaterimmunity and improved feeling that prevail amongthe people on this subject.     3 The spirit of the newspaper press has undergonea change no fees striking, It used to be thatthe iron of abolition was never introduced into thecolumns of our papers, excerpter for the purpose ofcondemnation. Abolitionists were impelling theredoctrines misrepresented, and they themselves heldup to public odium, or handed over to the tendermercies of the mob; at the some them those paperswere loud in their praises of the slave holders, andingenious in their defences of the slave system. Itis not so now. Our newspaper proms severallytreat abalones with respect, and chronicle thereacts and refer to there doctrines and measures withoutmisrepresentation. Their columns, moreover,in our from or other, teem with anti-slavery discussions.These is hardly a paper in the State,especially in part of it which have been reachedby the operations of the Society, that dose not directlyor indirectly, favor the advancement of ourprinciples. The praises of slaveholders, as such,are rarely sung, and denunciation has taken theplace of apology for the system. 4. In the matter of legislative action, the aspectof our cause look equally encouraging. One yearago we were rejoicing over the passage of a lawprohibiting the use of our jails and the services ofour jailers, Justices of the peace, and other officersin the recaptured and restoration of fugitive salves.Some ferns were then entertained, that at the nextsession of the Assembly, this law would either berepelled, or so modified as to diminish, if not neutralize,its good defects It was known that theLegislative of Maryland and appointed a committeewhose business it was to visit the Legislate areof this State, and use there apprehended by some thatof this law, and it was apprehended by some thatthey would find enough of plaint doughfaces inthat body to enable them to accomplish their purpose;but happily these apprehensions have notbeen realized. Whether this committee ever actedin obedience to there instructions, or if they did,whether they found our representatives too stronglyguarded by public sentiment to make there influenceavailable, we are not able to say; certain itis, however, that the law in question is still on ourstatute books, and by its moral forces, as a demonstrationof the public feeling, independent of itspenal sanctions, is exerting a most satisfactory influence. In New Jersey a law similar in its provisionswas submitted to the legislature at its last session,but public sentiment was either not sufficientlymatured or had not sufficiently indicated itself towarrant the members of that body in its adoption.The support given to the bill, however, was nostrong as to justify fully the expectation that it willpass without difficultly the next time it is presented. In Delaware the adoption by the legislature ofresolution affirming the doctrines of the WilmotProvision, must be regarded as a most auspiciouscircumstance. It places that State in advance ofsome of the Free State, and excites the liveliesthope that it will itself are long become one of theirnumber. The establishment of an anti-slaverypaper in Wilmington during the last year, is anothervery gratifying circumstance in connectionwith the state of Delaware. 5. The evidences of advancement in the religionssects and ministerial profession within our bounds,though sufficiently visible to be encouraging, arenot so palpable as in some others States. A morehumane spirit has infused itself into the religion ofthe community, and the influence of the clergy, sofar as they exert any on this subject, is perhaps, onthe whole, more adverse than favorable to slavery;still ground against the system, and our clergy,with a few honorable exceptions, are extremelycautions now they express themselves in its condemnation.The cause, it is evident, will have tomake much further head way in public favor beforeit can count upon hearty co-operation from thisquarter. 6 It is our political circles, however, that theindications of our progress are the most striking.The nomination, by the Democrat Convention atBaltimore of Gen. Cass for the Presidency, a manwho is a slaveholders in all but the name, and hasshown himself ready to abase himself to the verydust to secure the vote of the South, and of Gen.Taylor, by the Whig Convention at Philadelphia,whose only claims to popular favor, are that he isa large shareholders, and has distinguished himselfin two wars, the one for the preservation and theother for the extension of slavery, have executed intoaction the previously awakened sprit of freedomin the North, and produced a resistance which hasresulted already in the partial division of the twogreat political parties, and promises to terminate intheir complete disorganization. This state of things,though more striking to some other of the FreeStates, is nevertheless extending itself graduallyand hopefully into Pennsylvania. From variousparts of the State, and particularly those parts inwhich this society has bestowed most labor, washear of men repudiating there old political connectionsand uniting on a common platform of hostilityto slavery. This state of thing most be regardedas most hopeful. It indicates that the anti-slaveryelement, has at last fairly infused it self into thepolitics of the country, and that the time has comewhen all other questions must give way to thegreat issues between freedom and slavery. We arenot of those, it is well known, who are disposed toanticipate the greatest advantages from the operationof political machinery, or the co-operation ofmen who make political their trade, but in the presentdecomposition of old parties and the formationof new once, we think we use the incipiency of amovement which is destined to bring default thepeople great questions which have born hithertoagitated only by a very limited class, and to precipitatethese question to a practical decision. If thenew party, now in the process of construction,should be confined in its limits to the NorthernStates, as, with small exceptions it most probablywill, the question will not long be the extension ornon-extension of slavery, but the continuance ornon-continuance of the system where it now exits,and as a preliminary to this, the continuances or non-continuanceof the bond which involves us of theFree State in the gullet and infamy of its support.Already to the demand raised by c, in this newconnection, for a divorce of the Free State from allparticipation in its maintenance; lot this demandbecome general, as sooner or later it inevitablyno met, and the question of dissolution which hasbeen raised by the friends and co-laborers of thissociety will at once be before the people for a practicaldecision:—and the day will them be at headwhen the people of the North and the bond-men ofthe South, will be released, the one from the guilt,and the other from the chains of slavery.  we have thus commentated some of the sings ofprogress made by the anti-slavery cause in Pennsylvaniaand the parts adjacent. They are certainlyhopeful; they indicates a state of forwardness repletewith encouragement, How you this Societyhas contributed to bring choice this stain of things,is a  which through it might to discussedwith profit, we will not  have to consider. Thatit has contributed,  degree however all,even our opponents, submit. For certainly theit has contributed, in nominal degrees, however alleven our oppression whit out For certainly theeffective cause of all the great changes we haveenhancement, has been the moral agitation whichhas been kept up far the last fishes year by theabolitionists; and the part this Society has takenand the extent to which it has participated in thisagitation, is well known to every one we cannottherefore, but recognize in the signs we have beenreviewing, the results in great part of our own horns, and we in those a proof of the correctnessof the principles on which they have beenpronounced.     The measures of the Society during one yourgreat have been the saine in character and aboutthe means in existent as in former years. Our objecthas been by lecturing agents, anti-slavery newspapersthe distribution of truth and other publications,and the holding of convention to scotterlight among the people, and keep up n wholesomeagitation. During part of the year we have hadthe service in the lecturing field of these able andfaithful champions of the cause, Charles C. andCyrus M. Burleigh; though owing to the delicatehealth of the latter, and the necessary for this aid inthe electrical management of the Freeman, and thecall of the former to another field, we have not enjoyedthe some extent of service, in this determentas in former years. The deficiency, however, theExecutive Committee have endeavored to make upby holding a series of convention themselves invarious parts of the State lying adjacent to Philadelphia,and the neighboring portion of New Jersey.These Conventions have been well attended, andhave afforded satisfactory evidence of there usefulness. Our weekly paper the Pennsylvania Freeman,owing to its increased circulation, and the additionalability with it has been edited renderedeven more than its wonted service to the cause.Cyrus M. Burleigh and Mary Grew have had thechief editorial changes of it, and the ability withwhich, they have performed the duties of theiroffice, has been a subject of common remark. Thecirculation of the paper has continued stability toincrease, till the number of copies now issuedreaches nearly two thousand. In addition to theFreeman, an average of about 500 copies of theAnti-Slavery Standard, the organ of the AmericanSociety, and an invaluable auxiliary in the cause,have been subscribed for and circulated over thesame ground. In enumerating the various evidence of our advancement,we have alluded particularly to the recentdisruption of the old political parties, and theincipient formation of a new one, based partially onthe anti-slavery principle, and in speaking of this,we have expressed ourselves in terms of sanguineexpectation The facts in the case we believe willjustify a good degree of hope, but this hope shouldbe qualified by no inconsiderable apprehensionA political party in any country, no matter howelevated may be its object, needs to be watchedwith great cure; in this country, such a party,based, as it must be under our present bond ofUnion, on fraud and injustice, needs to be watchedwith especial jealousy. It must be essentially corruptfrom its origin, and therefore especially liableto perversion. In the present case, the party, cominginto popular favor, gives its consent to the existenceof slavery with all horrors within itspresent State limits; it only profession to be opposedto its further extension, Our hope arms that it willperform more than it promise; that it will notonly resist the extension, but advocate the extinctionof slavery. These hopes however, may bedisappointed. Sudden accession to popular favor,with all its temptation, may check the generousimpulses, and change back the half-formed purposeof the who have now the control of this movement,or may introduce into its direction othersmotives than a desire for their own aggrandizement. Insuch a case, it is easy to conceive that this newparty might become one of the most powerful conservatorsof the evil it was hoped it would cuss,and the deadliest foe of those who are laboring forits abolition. Such a result would not be withoutabundant president in the anal of political history. While, therefore, abolitionists rejoice in thepresent uprising of the North, and hope much fromthe resistance it will offer to the usurpations ofslavery, let not their hopes be too confident, or theirrejoicings unmingled with apprehension. Andabove all, let no one be carried away from hisprinciples by the current this popular movement,Now, as much as ever do we need to stand by ourprinciples; now, more than ever, do we see thewisdom of their adoption. They are not only justin themselves, but their maintenance is in the highestdegree, expedient. They will soon we doubtnot, prove even to throe who are now skeptical, tohave been the salvation of the Anti-Slavery cause.Nothing but a deep conviction of the unrighteousnessof the Federal compact, and the guilt of givingit there support, can be relied on to keep abolitionistin times of high political excitement, when anopportunity is afford of gaining an apparent advantagesto the cause from being swept completelyfrom there mornings, and lost in the vortex. Theprobability now is, that those who separated fromus eight years ago, and embodied themselves in apolitical party for the promotion of the cause, willin there organic capacity, in a few months, andperhaps in a few days, be swept from existence,and not have even a name to live. If we had listenedsame policy, the Anti-Slavery movement as adistinctive origination, would cause to have abeing, and the hopes of the slave be doomed to anindefinite postponement. Let us be admonishedby these reflections. Let not be too impatientfor the final consummation. It will come as soonas the people are prepared for it; no sooner. Inthe meantime our duty—our mission, is plain; it isto abide by our principle, and, rejecting all politicalcontrivance and temporary expedients, to laboron in the steady use of our well approved moralmeans, till the public mind shall become saturatedwith Anti-Slavery truth and public sentiment completelyrevolutionized. Then the day will be athand—and not till them, when the people of theNorth shall be released from the guilt of supportingslavery, and the bondmen of the South deliveredfrom its chains. Remarks on the tepees embraced is the Report,were made by Edward Needles, Thomas Earlie,Wm. P. Powell of N.Y., James N. Buffum of Mass.,and J.W. McKim offers of the society for the ensuring year offers of the society for the ensuring year president, —Robert Purvis Vice presidents,—Germans Matt, Lindley Cautos. Corresponding Secretary,—Mary Grew. Recording Secretary,—Haworth Wetherald. Treasureserr,—Sarah Pugh. Additional member of the Executive Committees. Additional member of the Executive Committees. Lucretia Mott, Benjamin C. Bacon, Edward M.Davis, Lowland Johnson, Issac Winslow, BenjaminRush Plumly. The resolution were discussed by parker Pillsbury,C. Darlington, W.W. Brooms, T. Whitson,Charles Lenox Remond, of Massachusetts, LucretinMon, James Trainer, and J. Miller McKim After being amended by striking out a paragraphsin one of the resolutions, they were adopted an follows: 1. Resolved, That she indications of advancementmade by the Anti-Slavery cause every wherethroughout the country in a high degree choosing,and arise in the lively hope that the day ofits final triumph is not for in the future. 2. Resolved, That while we rejoice in the signsof the times, and in the conviction of our ultimatevictory, there is still in the moral and political aspectsof society, and the events which are everyday transpiring around us, too much evidence ofthe giant strength and all-pervading power ofslavery, to allow as to indulge this feeling permanently,or to relax for one moment our efforts.  3. Resolved, That the fact intimated in theannual report, that the signs of Anti-Slavery progressare less cheering in the religious sects thanin other departments of society, and that thechurches and clergy compare unfavorably in thisrespect with the politicians and political parties ofthe country, is significant of the character of ourprevailing religion, and justifies the estimate putupon its ministers by the friends of freedom. 4. Resolved, That the nomination, by the Democraticparty, of General Case for the Presidency—a man who has shown himself by his sycophancyand crawling servility to the slave power, to beutterly recreant to all just, moral and politicalprinciples—proves the so-called Democracy ofthe country, a show in its professions, andin its actions one of the deadliest foes to freedom. 5. Resolved, That the Whig party is no betterthan its rival; and has so proved itself by the nominationfor the Presidential chair, of a man onlydistinguished by his extensive slave possessions,and his achievements in wars waged for the preservationand extension of slavery. 6. Resolved, That a patty that can profess to beopposed to slavery—as a large portion of the Whigparty does—and then nominate for the head of thegovernment a large slaveholder, and a man whosewhole interests are identified with the slave system—that can profess to be opposed to lavishing politicalhonors on military chieftains, and then seek toelevate a military chieftain to the highest honor inthe gift of the people—that can declare theiropposition to all wars of aggression, and especiallythe late infamous war of aggression against Mexico,and then nominate for the chief office of the government,a man who has confessedly doe morethan any other to render that war popular, is a partywithout consistency, without principle, and withoutany claim to the respect, such less the support ofany true friend of freedom.  [Resolutions 7, 8, 9 and 10 were given inlast week's Liberator.] 11. Revolved, That this Society places no confidenceon any measures for the abolition of slaveryat the South, or the release of the people of theNorth from the guilt of its support, that are notdirected primarily to a change if public sentiment;that in its belief a radical change of public sentimentis all that is needed to the accomplishment,in their proper succession, of both of these events;and that the only means to be relied on for effectingthis change is the dissemination of Anti-Shiverytruth and its consistent maintenance on the part ofabolitionists. Then adjourned to 2 1-2 o'clock, P.M. The President in the Chair. The following resolution was offered by SamuelRhoads; debuted by Thomas Hambleton,—Taylor of Virginia/Lucretia Mott, E.M. Davis, C.L. Remond, Eli Hambleton, George W. Taylor,James N. Buffum. Thos. Whitson, and W.W.Brown, and adopted, viz: Resolved, That the members of tins Convention,and abolitionists generally, in declaring that theywill have 'no union with slaveholders,' do in effectannounce to the world that they will not contributetheir aid to support shivery; consequently, consistencysincerity and duty require that they abstainfrom the use of the products of slave labor. The following resolution, reported by the BusinessCommittee, was then taken up and adopted,and the Fair Committee were authorized to appointthe committee provided for in the resolution,and to announce their names in the PennsylvaniaFreeman: Resolved, That the annual Fair held in Philadelphiaunder the care of a committee of the PhiladelphiaFemale Anti-Slavery Society,' commendsitself to the continued support of abolitionists inthe city and country; and that a committee be appointed,of friends in the different neighborhoods,to co-operate with the committee of the PhiladelphiaSociety in holding the Fair at the close of theyear. The following resolutions were then reported bythe Business Committee, viz: Resolved, That to the anti-slavery movement,more than to any other influence, is owing the quietendurance with which the slaves of our SouthernStates have borne the many wrongs which arecontinually inflicted upon them; and that thisopinion is corroborated by the Diet that no attemptat insurrection has been made since the organizationof the American Ami-Slavery Society, (thoughbefore that event such efforts were mode.) as wellas by the uniform testimony of fugitive slavesthemselves, that the knowledge, imperfect thoughit be, which is extensively diffused among them, ofour efforts for their deliverance, is one of thestrongest motives which influence them to anunresisting endurance of their sufferings. Resolved, That this Society sympathize deeplywith those noble men Drayton and Sayres, of theSchooner Pearl, in their generous effort for theliberation of slaves held by laws sanctioned andsustained by the people of this nation at large; andthat we view with inter detestation, the unflinchingdetermination exhibited by their persecutors toconsign them for life to the dungeons of the capitalof this model republic. On motion of Lucretia Mott, it was ordered toamend the above resolution by inserting a clauseexpressive of the deep sympathy of this Societywith Samuel D. Burris, now undergoing the penaltyof a similar offence in one of the fails of the Stateof Delaware. The motion met the unanimous assent of themeeting. Resolved, That this Society cordially recommendthe National Anti-Slavery Standard, PennsylvaniaFreemen, and Liberator, to the patronage of all, asefficient and uncompromising advocates of unadulteratedAnti-Slavery doctrines; and that everyperson interested, be requested to act as an agentto increase the number of subscribers to theseeffective instrumentalities in the cause of theslave. The first of these resolutions was opposed byWins W. Brown, L. Mott, L. Coates, P. Pillsbury,and Thos. Earle, and rejected. The next was advocated by J.N. Buffum, andC.L. Remond, and adopted. And the last, after some pertinent remarks byRowland Johnson and Parker Pillsbury, waspassed. The following resolutions were offered by theBusiness Committee; the first three on their ownbehalf, and the remaining two on behalf ofothers, but for want of time were not acted upon. Resolved, That the working-men of the Northhave submitted to be taxed fur slavery, in thefollowing, among other ways: Louisiana was purchased at fifteen millions ofdollars, for a slave State. Florida for five millions, and for the same purposeFor butchering and banishing the SemmoleIndians, were paid forty millions more. For theinvasion and conquest of Mexico, one hundredmillions, more or less, besides immense sums toslaveholders for their strayed slaves. Resolved, That to accomplish these objects, theSouth has been permitted to fill almost every highoffice with men of her own selection, usuallyslaveholders, While the North bears most of theburden of expenses in sustaining the Government. Resolved, That if Northern working-men, or anypart of them, to the insult, added to injury, of beingcalled,—as they often are at the South,—'peasants','menials', and 'lower orders.' and even to be toldthat they 'have no right to vote' at all; if they willquietly sit to these outrages, then indeed arethey most illustrious examples of non-resistingChristianity, or else, what slaveholders call thema degraded and interior class of beings, fit only tobe slaves. 'peasants','menials' have no right to vote  Whereas, one of the main purposes of our Fathersin forming this government, was to securethe blessings of liberty, for themselves and theirposterity, end, whereas, they and their successorshave, from that day to this, proclaimed this countryan asylum for the oppressed of all nations. Therefore, Resolved, That consistency further requiresthat ovary effort to strike off the chains ofoppression, no less in this country than else where,should be bailed with such cheers of encouragement,as will make the ,and the oppressed feel that  glorious,and that the approbation his.    Resolved, That although this society may sanction or encourage political action as a of abolishing shivery; we rtheless to those who do use  elective function at thecoming election, to make their votes tell  theextension of the informal system.       The Committee of Ways and  exportedthat they had received in each  and inpledges $346, making a  of .     After a song by Wm. Wm. W. Brown and others, themeeting adjourned. HAWORTH WARTHERALD,   
