 On Monday, the following message was laid onthe table of the Speaker of the House:— WASHINGTON, August 14, 1848. ASHINGTON To the House of Representatives of the United States: To the House of Representatives of the United States: When the President has given his official sanctionto a bill which has passed Congress, usage requiresthat he shall notify the House in which itoriginated of that fact. The mode of giving thisnotification has been an oral message, deliveredby his private Secretary. Having this day approved and signed an act entitled'An act to establish the Territorial Governmentof Oregon,' I deem it proper, under the existing circumstances,to communicate the fact in a moresolemn form. The deeply interesting and protracteddiscussions which have taken place in bothHouses of Congress, and the absorbing interestwhich the subject has excited throughout the country,justify, in my judgment, this departure fromthe form of notice observed in other cases. Inthis communication with a co-ordinate branch ofthe government, made proper by the considerationsreferred to, I shall frankly and without reserve expressthe reasons which have constrained me notto withhold my signature from the hill to establisha government over Oregon, even though the twoterritories of New Mexico and California are to beleft for the present without governments. Nonedoubt that it is proper to establish a government inOregon. Indeed it I has been too long delayed. Ihave made repented recommendations to Congressto this effect. The petitions of the people of thatdistant region have been presented to the government,and ought not to be disregarded. To giveto them a regularly organized government and theprotection of our laws, which as citizens of theUnited States they claim, is a high duty on ourpart, and one which we are bound to perform unlessthere be controlling reasons to prevent it. In the progress of all Governments questions ofsuch transcendent importance occasionally ariseas to cast in the shade all those of a mere partycharacter. But one such question can now beagitated in this country; and this may endangerour glorious Union, the source of our greatnessand all our political blessings. This question isslavery. With the slaveholding States this doesnot embrace merely the rights of property, howevervaluable, but it ascends far higher, and] involvesthe domestic peace and security of everyfamily. The fathers of the constitution—the wise andpatriotic men who laid the foundation of our institutions—foreseeing the danger from this quarter,acted in a spirit of compromise and mutual concessionon this dangerous and delicate subject, andtheir wisdom ought to be the guide of their successors.Whilst they left to the States exclusively thequestion of domestic slavery within their respectivelimits, they provided that slaves who might escapeinto other States not recognizing the institution ofslavery shall' be delivered up on the claim of theparty to whom such service or labor may be due'. upon this foundation the matter rested until theMissouri question arose. In December, 1819, application was made toCongress by the people of the Missouri Territoryfor admission into the Union as a State. The discussionupon the subject in Congress involved thequestion of slavery, and was prosecuted with suchviolence as to produce excitments alarming to everypatriot in the Union. But the good genius of conciliationwhich presided at the birth of our institutionsfinally prevailed, and the Missouri compromise wasadopted. The 8th section of the act of Congressof the 6th of March, 1820, 'to authorize the peopleof the Missouri Territory to form a Constitutionand State Government,' & provides: 'That inall that territory ceded by France to the UnitedStates, under the mime of Louisiana, which liesnorth of thirty-six degrees and thirty minutes northlatitude, not included within the limits of the Statecontemplated by this act, slavery and involuntaryservitude, otherwise than in the punishment ofcrimes, whereof the parties shall have been dulyconvicted, shall be and is hereby prohibited: Provided,always, that any person escaping into thesame from whom labor or service in lawfully edin any State or Territory of the United States,such fugitive may be lawfully reclaimed and conveyedto the person claiming his or her labor orservices as aforesaid.' Provided,always  This compromise had the effect of calming thetroubled waves and restoring peace and good willthroughout the States of the Union. The Missouri question had excited intense agitationof the public mind, and threatened to dividethe country into geographical parties, alienating thefeelings of attachment which each portion of ourUnion should bear to every other. The Compromiseallayed the excitement, tranquilized the popularmind, and restored confidence and fraternalfeeling. Its authors were hailed as public benefactors. I do not doubt that a similar adjustment of thequestions now agitating the public mind wouldlend to the same happy results. If the legislationof Congress on the subject of the other Territoriesshall not be adopted in a spirit of conciliation andcompromise, it is impossible that the country canbe satisfied, or that the most disastrous consequencesshall fail to ensue. When Texas was admitted into the Union, thesame spirit of compromise which guided our predecessorsin the admission of Missouri, a quarter ofa century before, prevailed without any serious opposition.The 'joint resolution fur annexing Texasto the United States,' approved March the first,one thousand eight hundred and forty-five, providesthat 'such States as may be formed out of thatportion of said territory lying south of thirty-sixdegrees thirty minutes north latitude, commonlyknown as the Missouri compromise line, shall beadmitted into the Union with or without slavery,as the people of each State asking ad mission maydesire. And in such State or Stales as shall beformed out of said territory north of the Missouricompromise line, slavery, or involuntary servitude(except for crime) shall be prohibited. The territory of Oregon lies for north of thirty-sixdegrees, thirty minutes, the Missouri and Texascompromise line; its southern boundary is the parallelof 42, leaving the intermediate distance to bethree hundred and thirty geographical miles. And it is because the provisions of this bill arenot inconsistent with the terms of the MissouriCompromise, it extended from the Rio Grande tothe Pacific Ocean, that I have not felt at liberty towithhold nay sanction. Had it embraced territoriessouth of that Compromise, the question presentedfor my consideration would have been of a far differentcharacter, and my action upon it must havecorresponded with my convictions. Ought we now to disturb the Missouri and Texascompromises? Ought we, at this late day, inattempting to annul what has been so long establishedand acquiesced in, to excite sectional divisionsand jealousies; to alienate the people of different portionsof the Union from each other, and toendanger the existence of the Union itself? From the adoption of the Federal Constitution,during a period of sixty years, our progress as anation has been without example in the annals ofhistory. Uneder the protection of a bountifulProvidence, we have advanced with giant stridesin the career of wealth and prosperity. We haveenjoyed the blessings of freedom to a greater extentthan any other people, ancient or modern, undera government which has preserved, order andsecured to every citizen life, liberty, and property.We have now become an example for imitation tothe whole world. The friends of freedom in everyclime point with admiration to our institutions.Shall we, then, at the moment when the peopleof Europe are dovoting all their energies in theattempt to assimilate their institutions to our own,peril all our blessings by despising the lessons ofexperience, and refusing to tread in the footstepsour fathers have trodden? And for what would we endanger our gloriousUnion? The Missouri compromise contains a prohibitionof slavery throughout all that vast regionextending twelve and a half degrees along the,Pacific, from the parallel of 36 degrees 30 minutes,to that of 49 degrees, and east from that ocean toand beyond the summit of the Rocky Mountains.Why, then, should our institutions be endangered,because it is proposed to submit to the people ofthe remainder of our newly-acquired territorylying south of 36 degrees 30 minutes, embracingless than four degrees of latitude, the questionwhether, in the language of the Texas compromisethey 'shall be admitted (as a State) into the Unionwith or without slavery.' Is this a question to bepushed to such extremities by excited partizans,on the one side or the other, in regard to our newlyacquired distant possessions on the pacific, asto endanger the union of thirty glorious Stateswhich constitute our confederacy? I have an aladingconfidence that the sober reflection and soundpatriotism of the people of all the States will bringthem to the conclusion that the dictate of wisdomis, to follow the example of those who have gonebefore us, and settle this dangerous question onthe Missouri compromise, or some other equitablecompromise, which would respect the rights ofall, and prove satisfactory to the different portionsof the Union. Holding as a sacred trust the Executive authorityfor the whole Union, and bound to guard thethe rights of all, I should he constrained, by a senseof duty, to withhold my official sanction from anymeasure which would conflict with these importantobjects. JAMES K. POLK. 
