 MY DEAR FRIEND MAY Y EAR RIEND AY It may not be uninteresting to you, to know somethingof my visit to the city of 'Brotherly Love'. Ileft Boston on the 7th inst, and arrived at Philadelphiaon the next afternoon; the same eveningI attended a meeting of the Vigilance Committee, ameeting held for the purpose of sympathising with,and to aid the fugitive who is making his escapefrom the patriarchs of the South. Such meetingsare always interesting to the most uninterested personwho may attend them. But on that evening the circumstances underwhich the meeting was called, were calculated tomake it more interesting. It was to welcome tohis home and friends, James Lytle, a man who hadbeen born and brought up in Philadelphia, but who,for the last ten or twelve years, has been a slave inthe island of Cuba. He was welcomed to his native city, but not to hisbecome and former friends. Ten years had made agreat change. He went to his former residence,but the mother whom he had left there was not to befound; he inquired for a brother in vain, and insteadof finding his relatives and friends as he had anticipatedhe was doomed to disappointment. The audience, learning that I was in the house,were anxious to give me a welcome also. And onthe part of the meeting, that uncompromising friendof the slave, Robert Purvis Esq, gave me a heartywelcome. He assured me that if the may who claimsmy soul and body as his properly, should undertaketo carry me out of that city, he would find a formidablein that audience, and the hearty responsefrom the multitude that were present, satisfied onethat I was at least safe for the time being. The next three days, I was in attendance at theannual meeting of the Eastern Penn. A.S. Society,at Norristown. I can give no adequate descriptionto the meeting. It was much larger than I had anticipated,and differed widely from a New Englandaudience. No clapping of hands or stamping of feet,as are we heard in a Northern Convention; but the silencewhich reigned through out the different sessions,and the occasional nod of approbation from thecrowd who were constantly in attendance, assuredus that none sympathized with the bondmen morethan they. The meeting was a glorious one for theperishing bondmen in this country. Parker Pillsburyand C.L. Remond were present, and did thebe a good service. But the meeting could not havebeen without interest had they not been present.Pennsylvania has her own sons and daughters, whohas not let the monster rest. The calm but earnest manner of a Mott, the energyefforts of a Purvis, the business-like tactics of aMcKim, the originally and sarcasm of a Whitson,to perseverance of a Davis, and the eloquence ofthe Burlerghs, will never be stifled as long as thefoot-print of a single slave curses the American sold.over the Norristown meeting was over, I lectureda Penn's manor, Newtown, By berry, and Philadelphiapart of the time in company with C.L. Reymond. But shame upon the colored clergymen of Philadelphiaand them churches! With but two exceptationsthey were shut against me. As soon as I arrangedin the city, a committee was appointed by ameeting of colored citizens to secure places and getof meetings for me, and on application, they foundthe doors of all the churches, colored and white,closed against bleeding humanity, except the Big andthe Wesley churches. Honor to them, but shamein the hypocritical religion of the colored manwhich will prompt him to shut his door against aother slave, who comes to him with his back allcarried with the driver's whip, and who wished totell of the wrongs committed upon his race. Suchreligion is no better than that which keeps the millionsin fetters upon the rice, the cotton and sugarintations of the South. And the sooner such aregion is swept from the face of the earth, thebetter it will be for bleeding humanity. W.W. BROWN. New York, Aug, 17. 1848. 
