 CHARLESTON, S.C. 26th July, 1848. HARLESTON SIR:—In conformity with the desire of my fellow-citizens,I have the honor herewith to transmitto you a newspaper containing an account of a verylarge meeting of the Democratic citizens ofCharleston, S.C., held for the purpose of selectingyou at their candidate for the Presidency of theUnited States. Over this meeting, the agreeableduty of presiding was assigned to me. The preambleand resolutions adopted at it, so fully explain theviews of my fellow-citizens as to need no commentfrom me. Permit me, however, on my part to add,that with a confidence in that honesty and independenceof purpose which you have exhibited inevery position is which it has been your lot toserve your country, I entertain the fullest convictionthat should it be our good fortune to see youelected to that high station, you will so administerthe laws of our country that each section of it willbe protected in the rights which it was intendedby the framers of the Constitution should be guaranteedto all by that noble instrument; which canonly prove inadequate when it is perverted by designingor misguided politicians. IR I am, sir, with high consideration and respect, Your obedient servant, WM. BULL PRINGLE. GEN. Z. TAYLOR. EN. AYLOR. BATON ROUGE, La., Aug. 9, 1848. ATON OUGE SIR:—I have the honor to acknowledge the receiptof your communication of the 26th ultimo,officially announcing to me my nomination for thePresidency, by a 'large meeting of the Democraticcitizens of Charleston, South Carolina,' held inthat city on the 20th ultimo, and over which youwere the presiding officer. IR The deliberate expression of the friendly feelingexisting towards me among a large and respectableportion of the citizens of your distinguished State,has been received with emotions of profound gratitude;and though it be but a poor return fur sucha high and unmerited honor, I beg them to acceptmy heartfelt thanks. Concluding that this nomination, like all otherswhich I have had the honor to receive from as-b'agesof my fellow-citizens in various putt of theAnd you are .                  
