 This glorious anniversary was appropriately observedby the friends of freedom in Western New-York.Extensive notice had been circulated in thevarious counties, a majority of which responded inlarge delegatrons by care, stag, canal, packet, andprivate conveyances. The railroad company reducedwe fare, in recommendation to the times, and onthe evening preceding the First, the sub-committeeswere busy occurring those facilities in the publichouses which the proprietors generally tendered.Rochester seemed besieged by Freedom's army.Though the committee of arrangements happened tocolored citizens, yet the celebration was not anexclusive one, but was participated in by every body.The morn was indeed an suspicious one, and whilethe notes of preparation were sounding, all heartsbecame inspired with an anticipation commensurateto the occasion invoking their attendance. Flagswere displayed at prominent stations on Main street,and as they waived in the streets, the uninitiatedlearned the why and wherefore of the gathering ofa men. why wherefore Several Societies, citizens and strangers, unitedprocession under direction of the mounted Marshals,Henry Scott, John Douglass, and E.M. JohnThe numbers and good order, as a so the banners.elicited favorable comments from the spectaclescongregated at various portions along the line,and to whose credit be it spoken, they manifestedbeing the entire day no feeling skin to Americancolorphobia. The hour seems hastening, when evendistribute of this kind will be wholly out of place.show sad a reflection on the yet degenerate times,at to treat man as an equal is an exception to thegeneral rule in these United liberty loving States.  Among the banner inscriptions attracting prominentnotice who one illustrating the Emancipationof 800,000 human beings in the British Rules, follower byan emblem of the Cross—'With this we overcome.Another, 'Ethiopia shall stretch forth herhands to God.' The school children displayed ahandsome presentation—'Knowledge is power'—these words encircling the anchor of Hope. Adam's famed Bugle Band filled the air withthe most witching music; and on arriving at Washingtonsquare, while discoursing the ever animatingand welcome Marseillaise, the processions came to orderaround the platform dedicated to 'Liberty, Fraternity,and Equality'. Marseillaise James Sharpe, of Rochester, as Chairman, in anappropriate salutatory, invited attention to the exercisesof the day. Prayer being offered by Rev.Mr. Watson of Cincinnati, an Ode to Freedom whoeffectively song by the Rochester chair. Subsequentlytheir efforts were augmented by a select GenevaBand, whose blendid voices made the welkinring with harmonious shouts for freedom. David H. Ray read in a distinct and eloquent mannerboth the British and French Emancipation Acts. The first speaker introduced was Frederick Douglass,on whose eloquent and instructive oration it isunnecessary here to dwell. It was pronouncedworthy of the 'Man and the Hour.' Henry W. Johnson of Canandaigua gained freshlaurels by his effort. Already a favorite in the EmpireState, he gives promise of much usefulness inthe good cause. The meeting unanimously soliciteda copy of the speech, which I hope your readers willperuse for themselves. Considerable disappointment was felt by the nonappearanceof Charles Lenox Remond. At intervals, the report of cannon was heard, inimitation of the great American Fourth of July demonstrations. The procession re-formed and marched to theUnited States Hotel, where a dinner was furnishedfor the mass of delegates. Toasts and speeches contributedto deepen an impression of the event theyhad met to celebrate. A Fair, commemorative of the Jubilee, was heldheld at Minerva Hall during the day and eveningParties availed themselves of this medium of interchangingcivilities, promenading, &, an excellentBand tendering its notes to enliven the scene. Irving Hall was tastefully decorated for a 'LibertyFestival,' where many of the more youthful classrepaired to wind up the day in a manner gratifyingto themselves. And thus the whole affair, havingbeen enjoyed in various ways by the vast concourse,was successfully brought to a finale—all feeling evidentlyrenewed by reviewing the past, and hopingthat the present may aid materially to establish apermanent happy future. W.C.N. Rochester, Aug. 14, 1848. 
