 Many have been the phases of Pro-Slavery. Likethe poor, we have, and ever have bad, it with us.It is an essential element in the diagnosis of slavery.As inseparable from it as the symptom from thedisease, of which it is a part, as well as a sign.As long as that fatal disorder is permitted to revelin the veins of our body politic, of our social andreligious system, so long will this indication of itsexistence endure. The disease may be at the heartwhile the symptom is on the surface or at the extremities;but they are still correlatives, and dependthe one on the other. The symptom is ever changingits character and shifting its place; but it isnone the less the sympathetic attendant of the diseaseWe may modify its appearance or alter itsposition by empiric nostrums; but there is onlyone radical cure for it, and that is the extinction ofthe disease it indicates. Pro-slavery pursues Slaveryas its shade. The shadow may change itsshape a thousand times, according to the altitudeof the sun and the relations of the objects amongwhich it falls; but it can cease from the earth onlyby the disappearance of the black horror whichprojects it. diagnosis It has been curious and edifying to watch thegradual changes which have come over the manifestationof the pro-slavery heart of the Nation,from time to time, for the last eighteen years. Firstof all, it rejoiced in a supreme and profound contemptfor the ridiculous assaults of the vulgar andfanatical Abolitionists upon the Sanctified SlaveSystem. It hardly deigned to know of the existenceof themselves, or of their agitation. TheColonization Scheme having received the seal ofthe slaveholders' approval, was as near an approachto an interference with Slavery as it ventured tomake. A general and genuine indifference as tothe condition of Slavery sod the wrongs of theSlaves, pervaded society. People had almost forgottenthem; or if they ever thought of them, itwas only as appendages to the glory and dignity ofthe elegant gentlemen and ladies who condescendedevery summer to be entertained at their expense.If one of the slaves in attendance on one of theseNorthern progresses presumed to secrete himselflawyers of the highest respectability, and men ofmore than common humanity in common matters,thought it not shame to assist in the hunt for him.The humanity of the negro, whether bond or free,was scarcely recognized. But the South was wiser than the North, andthe Slaveholders knew by an instinct surer thanreason, that Slavery, to be safe, must he let aloneThat it breathed upon, the charm would be broken.That, if the stone was thrown, the Giant must die.They neither fell, nor affected to feel, any contemptfor the sayings and doings of the Abolitionists.They called upon their. Northern allies toprove their fidelity, by putting down this Agitation;and they enforced their requisition with indefinitethreats of Dissolving the Union, and with morespecific ones of diverting Southern trade into otherchannels. Then was the Era of Public Meetingsin all the great cities, at which the chiefest menwere set to perform the rites of homage to Slavery;which were duly and necessarily followedby propitiatory sacrifices of public peace, privateproperty and personal rights, offered by the sacerdotalhands of Mobs. There was but one voiceheard from the high places, from Legislatures,Courts of Justice, Exchanges, Presses and Pulpits,one denouncing the Abolitionists and deprecatingtheir Agitation. Even the guarded mid qualifiedtestimony of Channing was almost more than mencould bear. And when John Quincy Adams wasengaged in the first desperate encounters of hisstruggle with the Slave Power for the simple rightof Petition, knowing men shook their heads andsaid—'The old man will find himself expelled, yet,if he is not careful!' And the shake of the headbeing interpreted, signified, 'and serve him righttoo!' And then Pro-Slavery began to rage in theChurches, and the Ecclesiastical traffic with theSouth, in Theology and Ministers, to be vindicated.Then the ecclesiastical thumb-screws were appliedto ministers und church-members, suspected ofthis taint of heresy, which resulted in New-Organizationand Third Party. And so the everlastingpresence of Pro-Slavery bus been continued, inone shape or another, unto this day Still theshape it now wears is very different from what ithas been at different points of its history. Its substanceis the same, hut its dress is changed. Ithas had at least to assume virtue, if it had it not,and to pay the tribute of hypocrisy which Vice isforced to render to Virtue. Thus the Stale and theChurch have endeavored to write themselves downAnti-Slavery in resolutions, while they were votingfor the most incorrigible slavocrats for office, andgiving the right hand of religious fellowship toreverend and devout man thieves. There is, probably,as much genuine, hearty, cordial Pro-Slaverynow as there ever was; but it has, at least, toput on the garb and air of Anti-Slavery, and to tryto look as much like it as possible. It is from theindifferent, the thoughtless, the inconsiderate, theimperfectly informed, that the ranks of the Abolitionistshave been recruited, and it is among suchthat the change has been brought about. This change, such as has been wrought, andthat now in progress, the Abolitionists claim as thejust and necessary fruit of their agitation. Theirimportunity which would make itself heard, andtheir assiduity in providing the people with factsand arguments, and, as it were, compelling theirattention, have enlightened those who only neededlight, and made those who prefer darkness, for veryshame, assume the port and affect the air of thechildren of light. Multitudes actually are, and manymore pretend to be, brought up to the point ofopinion and progression which the Abolitionistsoccupied when they were mobbed a dozen or fifteenyears ago. The successive developmentswhich they have made as to the relations of slaveryto the Church and the Suite, and of the consequentduty of the enemies of Slavery, have been successivetouchstones to try the temper of the publicmind, at different points of time, and to bring intoaction whatever latent pro-slavery it contained.The Abolitionists have not created the pro-slaveryelement which has manifested itself in variousways, from time to time,—they have only elicitedit.  theSlavery slavery of We desolate as  slavery .          
