 We by no means intend to allow that infamousand bloody enactment of extremest scoundrel ism topass out of view as long as it exists on the statuebook. It shall 'return to plague the inventor' anddefender at every turn. True, it cannot immediatelybe repealed, nor can a great variety of other desirableobjects be at once obtained, but that is no goodreason for not insisting on them till they are secured.Slavery obtains its ends by everlastingly adheringto them. So must freedom. We were admonished to wait and see how such abarbarous law would work. Well, look at a fewmodern cases. There was Rachael Parker, a freegirl in Pennsylvania, seized and run off with, andsold South, probably never to return. The man whosought her legal rescue was poisoned to death, andthen hang on the limb of a tree. How does that'work'? Then take the case of Horace Preston. It isa well—established rule of law, that a man shall notbe allowed to take advantage of his own wrong.But Preston, like assay others, was seized on a notoriouslyfalse charge of theft, then gives up as aslave—thus trampling on that important rule. Hewas kept out of the way of his friends, de, onthe testimony of a man who never saw him out ofNew York, and denied all bearing of evidence inhis own behalf, or cross-questioning of that againsthim. Thus was an industrious young man tornfrom the agonizing embraces of wife and child,and plunged into hopeless slavery.  'The Commissioner decided, 1st. That he had no power to compel a witness toanswer questions. 2d. That he had no power to compel the attendanceof witnesses. 3d. That he could not compel the Marshal, whorefuse to serve a subp, to serve the same.  4. That he sits merely to see if the testimonywhich may come voluntarily before him, is satisfactory.' What mockery of justice! what insult to humanity!But this is the way it' works.' Another case has just occurred, where a man wasseized as a slave in Pennsylvania, and, stragglingwith the ars for his liberty, was shot dead on thespot, and another 'cry of innocent blood' sent upto the Eternal against the land! Thus 'it works.'  
