 To the Editors of The N.Y. Tribune:— To the Editors of The N.Y. Tribune The Christian Advocate and Journal of lastweek there is a memoir of George Gorsuch, whowas killed at Christiana, Penn, in an attempt tocapture some runaway slaves. And without oneword of dissent, the Editor allows our Church paperto say, that this man was 'one of the brightest ornamentsof the Church. A consistent, meek, and holyChristian, in the best and truest sense of the word;and when exceptions were taken to such a representationof such a man, these exceptions are sent backrepublished. Now it seems to me, that this, by implicationsat least, is something like a tacit indorsement ofslave catching. What were the deeds of this man?As they are set forth in public prints, he put himselfas the head of a company of men armed with deadlyweapons, that they might carry their point at anyamount of violence. They chose their time, and inthe night, a little before day. made an assault upon a and forcibly broke into it; and when they were they fired their guns or revolvers upon within, and if none were killed, it was only agood Providence that saved them. The Christian Advocate and Journal    To say that those who are engaged in such deeds,are 'ornaments and meek Christian,' is to insultthe moral sense of nineteen-twentieths of the M.E.Church, and to defame the character of our holyreligion. And is it not unjust and discourteous, forthe official organ, thus to allow some, at least indirectly,to justify such slave-catching, and then notto permit others to put forth even a disclaimeragainst it? A MEMBER OF N.Y. EAST CONFERENCE. EMBER OF AST ONFERENCE. The above explains itself, so far as the simplefacts are concered, which appear to be these: Dr.Peck, editor of the great official organ of the M.E.Church, admitted into the columns of the ChristianAdvocate and Journal, a memoir of George Gorsuch,the slave-holders and hunter, who was killed atChristiana, PA., while attempting to arrest somerescued slaves, not only showing the subject to be amember of the M.E. Church, but one of her'brighest ornaments;' and when exceptions weretaken by a minister of the church, the editor refusedto publish the article. These transactions are certainlyworthy of a moment's special consideration. ChristianAdvocate and Journal 1. Thus man was a member of the M.E. ChurchNorth, and by the rules of that church, be was entitledto membership and communion in any MethodistEpiscopal society where he might present himselfin Massachusetts, New York, or any other non slaveholdingState. He was an integral part of theorganization, composed of such men as Abel Stevens,James Porter, Wm. Hosmer, and all the abolitionistsof the M.E. Church. 2. This men, 'one of the brightest ornamentsof the church,' and of course, as bright an ornament any of the above named gentleman, or as any ofthe anti-slavery members of the church, was a slave-holdersHe was a slave-holder, not of necessity,but a slave-holder of choice; for when some of hisslaves relieved him of the responsibility of holdingthem, he passed them, and put his life at stake inthe some of slave-holding, and actually lost it in anattempt to reduce them to slavery, after they hadfled from him and gained their liberty. This showsthat the M.E. Church contains willful slave-holdersmen who are determined to remain slave-holders atall hazards and who are willing to strengthen slaveholdingby the cement of human blood. The M.E.Church glories through her official organ in a man,as one of her 'brightest ornaments,' who not onlyheld slaves, but who believed that his right to holdslaves was paramount to a man's right to life; that soclear was has right to hold slaves, that it involvedhis right to shoot any that might refuse to be longerheld by him. He act was not an act of self-defence;the slaves fled to another State, and hepursued after them with the instrument of death inhis hand, to shoot them if he could not capturethem without; and when he overtook them, he waswarned off, and told that they would not be takenalive, and the commenced shooting at them, determinedto kill them if he could not take them alive,This involves the principle that a man's right toproperty in his slaves, is paramount to the slave'sright to his life, and that a slave holder, when thereis no supposed danger of an attack upon himself,has a right to shoot down any slave, who mayattempt to walk away, if he cannot prevent hisescape without shooting him. This is EpiscopalMethodism, and the M.E. Church glories in men asher brightest ornaments, and pronounces them 'meekand holy Christians in the best and truest sense,'who hold and practice upon such views, and actuallydie shooting at slaves, for no other cause thanthat they have run away, and refuse to be carriedback into bondage.  That the M.E. Church endorse all this isclear from the fact she has published it to theworld in her official organ, and refuses to allow it tobe be contradicted in the same organ. We know thatthis is not the private view of many of her ministersand members, but it is her official position, and a which her official organ guards by the exerciseof a veto prerogative. Will it be said againthat the M.E. Church is not a slave-holding church?Indeed, she retains the most determined slave-holdersin her conmmunion, such as fight to maintainslave holding and die on the battle field, not wherethey are assailed, but where they voluntarily go to others; she regard them as her brightest ornamentswhile they live, and glories in them and canothem when they are dead.    
