 BRO. STEVENS:—There is such a thing alive yet,as anti-slavery Methodism. Since the division ofthe church in 1844, it has been quiet and peaceable;but that man who thinks it is dead, and its power.gone, will find himself most egregiously mistaken,It is not abid or malignant, but it is a feeling ofstrength, a stern, uncompromising love of freedomand humanity, that will not die till the last slavechain is heard to clank, and the slaveholder can findno resting-place in the M.E. Church. RO. TEVENS  We have boldly declared, since the division, andwe thought it was the truth, that no man could ministerat our altars whose hands were stained by anyconnection with the unholy thing. And in relationto slaveholding by the membership we have only beenkept still, by the promise, that 'there was a bettertime coming,' that 'these sinners were only permittedto remain in the church for a season, in hopes ofeffecting their conversion,' that 'for the sake of theborder Conferences, we would deal gently in thismatter,' &C., &c. But now, how stands the case? Eight yean afterthe division, not only no diminution in the numberof slaveholding members, but Ministers and PresidingElders, and General Conference delegates,slaveholders. Look at it. Think of it. How doesit sound? What is the prospect now of our becominga true anti-slavery church? How will you feel,sir, to have it thrown in your face, at the next sessionof the General Conference, that a slaveholderhas a seat there as a delegate? How will it agreewith your feelings to know that the West VirginiaConference of the M.E. Church have sent to Boston,as their accredited delegate, to consult with you onthe spiritum! prosperity of the church, one who dealsin the bodies and souls of his fellow men, and coinsthe life—blood of his brethren and sisters in Christinto pocket money? What shall we tell our peoplenow, about the relation of our church to slavery,and the force of our testimony against it? If the statement of your Virginian correspondentis correct,the matter is not settled; there must be aninvestigation, and the General Conference mustmeet the subject fully and openly. The following,from Rev. J.D. Bridge, the New England correspondentof the Northern Christian Advocate, willmeet with a hearty amen from thousands who read it.Speaking of the statements above referred to, besays: 'If they ARE TRUE, it is time to gird ourselvesagain for another battle with the slave powerin the church. There is no use, this tampering withslavery, and allowing quarters to the 'sum of allvillanies.' There must be a rule inserted in ourDiscipline, which will keep slaveholders out of ourchurch and ministry. To many this any be analarming proposition; but the church must meet it,act upon it, adopt it; and by God's help she will.So we think.' the matter is not settled amen The fact is, Mr. Editor, we cannot bear the opprobriumthat will rest upon as, if these things aretrue; and our only hope of safety, our prosperity asa church, and our duty to Almighty God, and hisdown-trodden poor, imperatively call upon us towash our hands in innocency. May God in his mercyspeed the right. M.M.M. Williamsburg, Jan. 26, 1852. 
