 We have received a handsome duodecimo volumeof 416 pages, published by R.F. Wallcut, 21 Cornhill,Boston, entitled: 'SELECTIONS FROM THEWRITINGS AND SPEECHES OF WILLIAM LLOYDGARRISON With an Appendix.' ELECTIONS FROM THE RITINGS AND PEECHES OF ILLIAM LOYD ARRISON We are glad 'o see such a volume sent forth' tothe public. It will speak for itself, and procurejustice for the author in quarters where, perhaps, itwould be otherwise impossible to do enbuse prejudicedminds. It will also afford great satisfaction to hisfriends in all parts of the world, besides doing itsown good work among those who have been heretoforestrangers to the man and his principles. There is no probability that William Lloyd Garrisonwill receive full justice in his natural life—timefrom the great mass of his fellow men. Why?Because few of his contemporaries are qualified toappreciate him as he will be appreciated in afuture age, and because his peculiarities are of akind to excite the determined hostility of largeclasses or men, whose immediate selfish interestsare disturbed by his movements, or their religiousprejudices exaspented by his uncompromising denunciations.But some of us can, perhaps, approximatetowards doing him justice. How shallthis be done? As it should be done in the case of alleminent public men. 1. By considering what theman is, as an individual in private life. 2 By consideringwhat is his sphere or plane of thought,feeling and action, as a public man—what his missionis. And 3. By considering his fundamentalobjects, principles, means and spirit. Let us seewhat we can make of Garrison by this judicialprocess. 1. What is the man as an individual in privatelife? What is he intellectually? Is he a simpleton,as ignoramus, or a one—talented man? Farenough from this, his enemies being judges. If bepossesses half the mental power which they saribeto him for working mischief, he certainly is, what allacknowledge him to be, a man of pre-eminent intellectualability. What is he morally? Is be aknave, a debauchee, a libertine, or anything elserascalish? If be were anything of the kind, thematter would be settled with us, and his name shouldbe left to , whatever his talents. We hold it   'Praise absurd to call a villain great;' though this is not always the world's judgment. Buthis moral character stands unimpeached and unblemmbed,so far as we over heard, in all the privaterelations of life. Had it been otherwise, his foeswould have got rid of him, long ago, on the scaffoldof public infamy. Such men's sins are not apt tohe covered up or winked at, like those of popularGenerals, Statesmen and Politicians. Besides beingan honest, upright, kind and estimable man in hisdomestic, social and private relations, he is a religiousman—not indeed as a ceremonialist or devotedto customer, religious externals, but in the fundamentalelements of a strictly religious character.viz: faith in God and spiritual realties reverencefor divine principles of truth and right, andfidelity to his highest convictions. He is no sealist, no skeptical philosopher, no mhine.sentimentalist, but one whose trust is in the HighestWe call all such men religious, whether they thinkmuch or little of external rites, farms and observances.So much for the man, as he is in private life,according to the best of our knowledge and belief faith     2. What is his sohere or plane of thought andaction, as a public man—what is his mission? Wecannot class him with eminent capitalists, merchants,manufacturers, mechanics, literati, ecclesiastics,physicians, lawyers. statesmen, politicians or militarychieftains. He is not a conservator, inventor or constructor,whether in things material, spiritual, politicalor ecclesiastical. He is no patriot in the State,nor sectarian in the religious world, nor wire pullerin party politics, nor organizer of a new social order.He proclaims his 'country to be the world, his countrymenall mankind.' His church is the church universalof the righteous, having no external organizationor embodiement in this world. He cares notfor majorities. He has no system of doctrines bywhich to guage the precise consistency of his opinionsor expressions. He has no organic socialbody to build up, watch over, direct, protect, orconserve. He knows nothing of such interests,anxieties or cares. He occupies no such sphere.He feels called to so such mission. He 'is thevoice of one crying in the wilderness, prepare yethe way of the Lord, make his paths straight,' Heis a proclaimer of great truths and duties—nota calculator of consequences—not a contriverhow men can most conveniently acceptthose truths and perform those duties—how theycan even escape martyrdom. These matters areno part of his concern. He stops not to shownor consider how this or that difficulty can be gotover, how this or that change can be made comfortablypracticable to the unfortunate sinners whomhe calls to repentance. But on he goes, declaringtroths, one at a time, or many, as they happen tocome up, radically and sweepingly, without favor,fear or accommodation to men's circumstances. Heis a rebuker of great sins, an agitator againstgigantic wrongs—emphatically an ABOLITIONIST.An abolitionist of Slavery, an abolitionist of War,an abolitionist of Vindictive Punishments, an abolitionistof Intemperance, an abolitionist of Woman'sOppressions, an abolitionist of Government—craft, anabolitionist of Priest craft, an abolitionist of Church-craft,an abolitionist of pseudo holy days, and anabolitionist of all which he conceives to be hostileto universal philanthropy and righteousness. So heis a Universal Abolitionist. Such is his sphere orplane of thought, feeling and action—such his mission.And as such he must be judged. Do weexpect such a man to be studied, precise, prim, careful,nicely discriminating on all points, and softlyconsiderate of all the sore spots he may hit? Nosuch thing. He is a moral Jupiter Tonne, who letsfly his flashing shafts through the polluted atmospherestunning and scathing whoever and whateverchances to be in the way. If there were an equilibriumof justice in the world; if the religious andpolitical atmosphere were pure and healthful; if ournominal Christian church were not grossly corrupt,our professedly republican government not notoriouslyfalse to its declared principles, our clergy notselfish and compromising in respect to wickedness inhigh places, our Sabbaths not superstitiously andhypocritically observed. &c., &c. Garrison, theagitator and universal abolitionist, would have hadno such office to sustain, no such part to act, no suchmission to fulfill, as that whereby he is now theTrembler of Israel. But things are as they are, andhe is what he is. Let us appreciate him accordingly,and do him justice. majorities. martyrdom. BOLITIONIST. Universal Abolitionist. 3. In his office and mission, what are his fundamentalobjects, principles, means and spirit? Hewould abolish all slavery and oppression. He seeksuniversal justice and equity aiming men of allspecies, complexions, languages and classes. Is thisa bad object? Is it not a sublimely good one? Hewould abolish war, and all preparations for war, allviolence, cruelty, vindictive punishments and retaliationof evil. Is this a bad object? Is it not a sublimelygood one? He would abolish all intemperance,debauchery, and licentiousness of the carnalappetite. Is this a bad object? Is it not a sublimelygood one? He would abolish all oppression anddegradation of woman, and give her full freedom tobe all her nature is capable of as a human being.Is this a bad object? Is it not a sublimely goodone? He would have all human government howimplicitly to the Divine Law, in all their Legislation,Judicial decisions, and Executive administrations.Is this a bad object? Is it not a sublimely goodone? He would have external Churches of Christsense to assume divine authority, regard themselvesas voluntary human organizations, and feel conscientiouslybound at all those to hold absoluteChristian righteousness supreme over all rites, ceremonies,forms, times, seasons, and organic arrangements,so as to stick for the former always in preferenceto the latter. He would abolish priest craft;and to do so, he would put an end to an exclusiveclerical order, to a professional class of dignitaries,maintained to preach and perform religious ceremoniesfor the common people. He would leave allthe members free to teach, preach, and exercisewhatever gift they feel in conscience called of Godand qualified to exercise, and the rest at free tojudge whether they ought to be esteemed and sustainedor not. He would abolish all exclusivelyholy days, seasons and places. He would have alltimes, places and things HOLY. Is there anythingin all this worse than extreme Congregationalism andQuakerism? It is aiming at a state of things whichthousands of enlightened Christians have thoughtought to come and would come before the Millennium.And if it could be brought about, what goodman does not see that we should have as incomparablypurer Church and Gospel Ministry than now—anincomparably holier Sabbath Sanctuary? Theseare Garrison's fundamental objects. People maysay they are impracticable, or impossible of attainmentin the present age. They may say he goes infor them by the wholesale, and without due qualificationsThey may say some of the position areextreme, and indefensible without important modifications.They may object to his opinions and expressionsin some particulars. But where is thetruly great and good man, who can denounce hisgrand objects with a good conscience, as evil? Whocan refuse to confess that they are, per at, sublimelygood? If we inquire into his fundamental principles, whatare they, other than Truth, Justice and Charity, faithfullyapplied in a radical and sweeping manner toall human systems, m, public proceedingsand individual actions? He may sometimes  injudgment, and may unconsciously say or do what ininconsistent with those great principles. His verydevotion to fundamental objects and principles ingreat cases may occasion his overlooking their icerrequirements in minor cases. We have not contendedfor hisinfallibility, or impeccability. Wehave not yet him forth as an exact geometrical discriminatoras a finished architect, with level,square and dividers ever in hand but as a moralB, thundering for great truth and duties,against great falsehoods, errors and sins. Inthis office, prosperity will pronounce his fundamentalprinciples, as well us leading objects and motives,pre-eminently good. So they will his means andspirit. Not, perhaps, every one of his incidentalmeans and tempers, but all his fundamental ones.His fundamental means are free-speech, free—pressutterances, the hold, fearless and uncompromisingly? useof all rightful moral power, exerted to enlighten thepublic mind, revolutionize public opinion, and abolishall iniquitous human institutions. He hews thesword and all manner of physical violence, defensivelyas well as offensively, nationality, associativelyand individually. He uses no other than the weaponsof free sps and moral influence. In theuse of these, he is indeed sometimes terrible to thehostile ranks—causing them to writhe and recoiland complain that his pen is worse than a dagger,and his tongue than a sword—say, to declare thatthey would prefer physical violence to such moraltortures. But we have never seen the evidence ofpersonal heart—malice or hatred towards those whomhe felt obliged to rebuke and denounce. Andowlets his opponents are on some point essentialist inthe wrong, he is incapable, even if he had the will,of doing them any real and permanent harm. Hisabolishing axe, though 'laid at the root of the trees,'can never prevail to the cutting down of a singleone whoso principal fruits are unequivocally good.For the rest, let them go to the flames, by the handof whatsoever faller God may send against them.Such is the verdict which we believe an enlightenedand impartial posterity will pronounce on thecharacter of William Lloyd Garrison. And sobelieving, we pronounce it beforehand. If we areat fault, let others, more competent, correct andrevise our opinion. It is certain that the greatGod and Father of all will do justice, whether mendo it or not. It is, however, alike our privilege andour duty to approximate as nearly as we can to whatwe believe will be His decision.      defensively  faller In conclusion, we would say to our readers, examineand judge for yourselves. But in doing so,elevate yourselves as nearly as possible to the dignityof judges. Do not judge from the stand—point ofa slaveholder, maddened by the treble goading ofGarrison's denunciation, of a disturbed conscience,and of a selfish dread of surrounding difficulties;nor from that of a military aspirant for distinction,petrified in the belief that war is a fatal necessity;nor of a government official, fattening on the loavesand fishes of office; nor of an ambitious politician,hopeful of future promotion by skillful wire-pullingsbehind the ballot box; nor of a popular clergyman,who sees, thinks and feels through the medium ofhis sacred profession, and cannot allow himself toquarrel with his situation; nor of any deeply interestedconservative of things as they are. Soar aboveall these plains of Egypt and of Sodom; plant yourfeet on the heights of the moral Pgah; lank forwarda century; then examine the case and qualify yourselvesto do justice. And finally, if any of as feelthat our individual sphere in the world is, in manyimportant respect different from that of Garrison,let us remember that, having done h justice, weare under no obligation to follow after or imitatehim in any particular, contrary to our highest convictions;but only to be as faithful to our mission, ashe has been to his; never fearing that the InfiniteOne will work out his good will to the human race,in such a manner as to tender all his instrumentswisely subservient to the great end of universal holinessand happiness. dignityof judges.   
