 The following paragraphs we copy from the PittsburghCommercial Journal, which paper extractsthem from the Wheeling Gazette. In this latitude,the Methodist Church North is represented as an anti-slaverybody, having probably not more than abouttwenty slaveholders, and these, we are told, are slaveholdersfrom necessity and humanity. If this wereso. it is not easy to understand why VirginianChurches should dread the imposition of abolitionpreachers. Commercial Journal Gazette. It is probably not generally known that the divisionof the Methodist church does not exactly followthe geographical line between the free and slaveStates. Districts near the borders are, in some instancesincluded in conferences on the oppositeside. Thus the counties of Hancock, Brooke, Ohioand Marshall, is Virginia are attached to the PittsburghConference. The Wheeling Gazette statesthat this imperfect division is complained of, andthat the Methodists of the above named countriesearnestly desire to be attached to the Western VirginiaConference. A memorial urging the changewill be sent to the General Conference. The Gazettegives the following as the reasons why the prayershould be heard? Gazette It would strengthen the Western Virginia Conferenceby adding to it a leading city, with a largeMethodist population. It would unite the church in these countries with aconference with which they have entire civil as wellas religious sympathy. It would avoid the chances of sing abolitionistpreachers upon a Virginia population.  It would remove the embarrassment which allministers removed from a free to a Slave mustfeel in addressing audience upon all subjects fromwhich inferences unfavorable to t might bedrawn.  It would enable the preacher to engage freely inthe , religious and intellectual culture of thecolored race, without his motives being impassed.  By the Baltimore and Ohio  generatingthe heart of the Western Virginia Conferences, willgive convenience of access in all parts of it, and who pray together will be  to  together,and vice .      In contion with the above paragraphs, we cutthe following item from one of our exchanges:  'From a stray copy of the Richmond (Va.) ChristianAdvocates, one of the organs of the SouthernMethodist Church, we learn that one of the delegatesfrom the Western Virginia Conference in theNorth General Conference, is a slaveholder.And yet Northern Methodist ministers are continuallyrepresenting their Church as free from all taintof slavery!' From a stray copy of The foregoing extracts are significant and suggestive. 
