 Throughout the arduous struggle now closing ofour country for a place and name among the nations,the organs and oracles of European monarchists issuedamong us have been the most insidious and untiringpartisans of the Slaveholders' Rebellion.French, English, Scotch, or whatever else, theyhave done their worst to set the National cause beforetheir readers in an odious light, and to givestealthy aid and comfort to the embattled hosts ofSecession. That British Toryism should be foremostin this work was natural and expected. Inall British America, not one journal of anti-Liberalproclivities has sought to disguise its ardent hopesthat our National downfall was imminent and inevitable;and the Tory organ in this city, though morecautious, has been equally eager to see Saratoga,Monmouth, Yorktown and New-Orleans avenged orcounterbalanced by the triumphant hoisting of theStars and Bars over the flag of the Union. Nowhat this hope is blasted, it is reduced to such misrepresentationsas the following: "In Charleston harbor, by way of making the down-strickenSouth drain to the dregs the bitter cup of humiliation,there is to be a grand, ceremony at FortSumter on Friday next, the anniversary of the firingof the first shot. But this is in the genius of the people.They cannot certainly be accused of bloodthirstiness;yet are their lender mercies cruel. Mr. Ward Beecher,one of the fanatics who brought on the insurrection, isto preach over the ruins a homily on good-will to allmen. At this day, Irishmen are compelled to cleansethe streets of (hat forlorn city, while lazy negroesare fed upon Government rations, and are pamperedin their indisposition to work. Poor, miserable creatures,chanting their 'bress de Lord!' amid the applauseof imported bystanders, bow long do they supposethat their shrewd new masters will give them'unrequited' food! Already, the philosophic Tnibuneof this city has enunciated, for the benefit of itsblack brethren, the stern doctrine, 'Root hog, ordie!' The while men of the South have reaped afearful harvest from the whirlwind they sowed; butit is as nothing compared to the long agonies thatmost overtake in the future the victims of a rashthough not mistaken philanthropy! The same coolbeans and calculating heads that contemplate the exterminationof a race akin to their own, will havesmall pity for idlers of another brood, so soon astheir own Interests are found to be at variance withthe sentimentality which has served their purpose." one of the fanatics who brought on the insurrection, Tnibune The readers of the Tribune do not need to betold that, we have always preached to our FreeBlacks the gospel of Self-reliance—preached it franklyand thoroughly as we do to-day. We denounceas a slander on Human Nature the assumption thatour black countrymen "can't take care of themselves,"whether it be uttered by their late oppressorsor by well-meaning but weak-minded sympathizers.Individuals among them, as among allother races, are indolent, prodigal, rascally or debauched,and so will have to be subsisted in poorhousesor prisons; but the mass of our blacks, oncefree, will take as good care of themselves as will ouruneducated immigrants. There are localities likethis city, wherein they are crowded out of nearly allbat menial avocations; these we advise them toleave and avoid, devoting themselves, so far aspracticable, to the cultivation of the soil, settling inclusters or neighborhoods, so as to give their childrenbetter opportunities for education, and becomingowners of the soil at the earliest possible day.We are sore this is far better than showing themselvesto be huddled together in "Freedmen's Villages,"and subjected to any form of guardianship,no matter bow well intended. We any emphaticallyto every freedman, "Go to work for the nearestperson who will pay yon fair wages, and keep-out ofthe hands of' Boards' and 'Superintendents.' so faras possible. We presume they all mean well; butyou will find no better friend than yourself; andwe very much doubt that any one can dispose ofyour labor to better advantage (for yon) than yourself.Make your own bargains; for, even thoughthe first should be bad, you will learn thereby howto make better. And remember that every one ofyou who can't get on without guidance or alms affordsthe strongest possible argument for the beneficenceof slavery." Tribune Now, whoever saw a negro who imagined that,being freed, be would no longer have to work for aliving? We challenge the production of an instanceof such fatuity. If one can be found, we proposeand urge the policy that will clear bit bead of thepestilent folly forthwith. Most certainly, we do not believe that Gens. Gillmoreor Saxton nave ever issued rations to one idlenegro while hiring Irishmen to clean the streets ofCharleston; and we are sore that the emancipatedblacks will endure "the long agonies" of workingfor themselves instead of their late masters with exemplaryfortitude. George III. and his courtiersdoubtless felt a sympathy for the "long agonies" ofthe deluded colonists who insisted on being independentquite equal to that of The Albion for the freedmen.Our fathers managed to exist after KingGeorge bad left them to the devices and desires oftheir own hearts; and we doubt not the freedmenwill likewise survive the "long agonies" of theirbereavement of lbs loving guardianship of Legree,Jeff. Davis, Lee, Toombs &Co,—Tribune. The Albion Tribune. 
