 "Had it not been for the resolution taken bythose who directed the affairs of the rebel States,to plant corn instead of cotton, to sow large tractswith wheat, and to rear large stocks of cattle forthe subsistence of their armies, Sherman could neverhave made his triumphant march through Georgiaand South Carolina." This was a remark madethe other day by an officer who had accompaniedGen. Sherman in his "agreeable journey" throughGeorgia, and afterwards traversed with him andhis victorious host the State of South Carolina. This is one of those circumstances which so remarkablycharacterize the present civil war, all conspiringto the great end of crushing the rebellionand slavery together. The planters of the rebelStates knew not for whom they planted their fieldsand sowed them with grain, nor for whom they fattenedtheir beeves and stocked their poultry yards.The army of Sherman marched through their regionand found abundant granaries and numerousherds awaiting their arrival, and then it was seenfor whom this ample provision had been made.Had the usual quantity of cotton been planted, thejourney through that country would by no meanshave been found so agreeable. In fact, it is not toomuch to say that, not being able to subsist on theresources of the country, this march, so importantto the success of our arms, could not have beenmade. It was because the leading conspirators soearnestly exhorted their followers to confine theirtillage to grains and roots, and their husbandry tothe rearing of domestic animals, that Savannah hasalready fallen into our hands, that we have takenpossession of Charleston, that Wilmington is ours,that we have occupied most of the principal townsof North Carolina, and that Richmond, the capitalof the rebellion, has so soon fallen. A wise Providenceput it in the hearts of the slaveholders tomake unwittingly this contribution to our victories. Our readers will remember that at an earlier periodof this war, it was generally said that the possessionof slaves gave the conspirators against theUnion a great advantage in a military point of view.It created a military class—the masters, accustomedto the use of arms, as a daily amusement, and devotedsolely to the art of war; while another class,the bondmen and bondwomen, docile, quiet and obedient,tilled the fields and supplied the army withthe means or subsistence. Against the militaryclass of the South we had only to oppose our artisans,our farmers, our recruits drawn from varioussedentary pursuits, men who, whatever might bethe spirit and resolution with which they came tothe rescue of their country, were of unwarlike habits,and multitudes of whom would find it necessaryto return to their homes as soon as their term of serviceshould be ended. Such was a just representation of the state ofthings at that time, but in this very organization ofSouthern society, on which the slaveholders plumedthemselves so proudly, larked a disadvantage and adanger to the rebel cause which became apparentsoon after the President issued the proclamation offreedom to the slaves in the revolted States. The-mastersthen found that they had been rearing aclass of scouts and guides for the loyal army—aclass who sheltered, and helped on their way the fugitivefrom rebel persecution and the escaped Unionsoldier—a class from whom the Union army, whenthe federal government had grown a little wiser, recruitedits soldiers—a class who furnished the federalarmy with the heroes of some of its most fiercelycontested fields. This class has shared in some ofthe most glorious triumphs of the war; it has enteredone captured city after another as conquerors,and but the other day was the first to take militaryoccupation of Richmond. It was moat important that the war should be continuedunlit this inherent weakness of the socialsystem founded on slavery should be fully demonstrated.It was most important that the worldshould see that in such a state of society, the masterand the slave were necessarily enemies, and that incase of an invasion from without which promisedthe slave his freedom, he would be sure to take partagainst the master. The present war has been carriedon long enough to make the truth clear to allthe world and to all time, that a government whoseessential principle is slavery, rests upon a most slipperyand insecure foundation, and is in perpetualdanger of being overthrown by assaults from without. Yet this truth could not have been made so manifestbut for the peculiar temper of the Southernslaveholders, naturally generated by their institution.Accustomed to make their will the law, aswell in politics as on the plantation, they would acceptno compromise, would listen to no terms ofreconciliation, would consent to a cessation of hostilitieson no other condition than the recognition oftheir new government as an independent power, entitledto a share in the public property and the unsettledterritories. The domineering spirit of theSouth, more than any strength of virtuous determinationin the North, saved us from the disgrace of anew compact which would have infused new vitalityinto the system of slavery. It drew on, it precipitatedthe downfall of slavery and the decimation,impoverishment and dispersion of the slaveholdingclass, which may already be said to havefearfully perished by the recoil of its own devices. We are among those who reverently see the handof Providence in alt these events.—N.Y. EveningPost. N.Y. EveningPost. 
