 The following speech was made by prof. CharlesD. Cleveland, of Philadelphia, in introducing FredrickDouglass to an audience in the city. It is atonce appropriate, eloquent and truthful: LADIES AND GENTLEMAN: I have been requestedby the ladies most deeply interested in the successof this lecture to introduce to you the speakerof the evening. The word "introduce," in the ordinarymeaning, implies that the party " introduced"is unknown to the other. In this sense for me to introduceto you the orator of the evening, known allthe world over as the eloquent champion of humanrights—the rights of man as man, whether an Indian,an African, or a Caucasian sun shone upon hisbirth—would be in the language of Shakespeare, as"wasteful and ridiculous excess" as "to gild refinedgold," But in sense in which it is generallyunderstood— to smooth the way a little forthe speaker of the evenibg— I am most happy onthis occasion to do so, though I think he has prettygenerally shown to the world that he can smooth hisown way Especially am I happy to perform thisoffice this evening, as your orator is of that racethat has so long been held in bondage in our and:but now, thanks to be God! nearly, and soon doubtlessto be universally, emancipated. I would ratherthat this had been effected by the power of Christianprincipal: but if in the providence of God, ithas been done by powder and ball, I accept it: for,as the apostle said he rejoiced in whatever wayChrist was preached, even though " I rejoice, yea,and will rejoice." even though gained by the sword. man But not only is your orator of that race that hasbeen enslaved, but he can proudly say, himself— I,too, was a slave. I say proudly,for he has shownwhat man can do under the most untoward circumstances,when he has the chance to do, the free libertyto make the most of the talents God has givenhim. And here let me make a prediction, and ifthere to a reporter here I hope he will mark it, thatin less than twenty years, American literature willbe indebted for some of its best productions to thosewho have been slaves, just as the noble poet Whitier,and the gifted Mrs. Stowe, have been inspiredby the sufferings of the slave. Perhaps you are notall aware how much of the finest productions ofclassic times we owe to those who were once slaves.Who is the that Grecian philosopher most known, mostread, most often quoted and translated into mostlanguages? It was Æsop, the great fabulist. ButÆ lig:sop was a salve. And who is the chief Romanfabulist, and the translator of Æ:sop? It was æ:sydrusBut æ:aedrus was a slave: and his fine linesto Æ:sop deserves to be remembered: proudly A statue of great cost and fameTh' Athenians ruined to Æ:sop's name,That they might show to all mankindThe path to glory's unconfined:That honor's due to sterling worth,And not confined to rank or birth.      And who was the prince of the Greek Stoic philosophers?It was Epictetus: but Epictetus was aslave: and no finer book for the daily conduct oflife have the ancients left us than his Enchiridion orManual: and I do not wonder that the Christianfathers valued it next ti th Scriptures themselves. And who are, I will not say the two best, the onlytwo Roman comic writers whose comedies havecome down to us? They are Plautus and Terence:but Plautus and Terence were both slaves— andboth were celebrated as much for their pure Latin style as for their high comic power. It was Terence,too, that uttered, in the crowded amphitheatre,that noble sentiment, admired the world over—"I am a MAN, and whatever appertains to humanityI consider as appertaining to myself "—and the vastbuilding echoed with shouts of applause. And shallwe, in the middle of the 19th century of the Christianera, say less than Pagan? God forbid! Shallwe deny to man, as man. his inalienable rights?Shall we, with the grossest injustice as welt as themost consummate meanness, ask the African Americansto use their bullets in our aid and defence, andthen deny to them, for their own advantage, the ballot?Did we go into the war of the Revolution,with the motto, "no taxation without representation,"flying upon our banners; and shall we now,with an hypocrisy unparalleled in this world, imposetaxes upon a noble portion of our people, andthen deny to them the power of helping to choose arepresentative who shall decide what those taxesshall be? God forbid! humanity bullets But I have already kept you too long from hearingyour noble speaker of the evening, and withpleasure do I introduce to you Mr. Frederick Douglass. 
