 COLORED SCHOOLS IN NEW ORLEANS. When, in April. 1862,the guns of Farragut transferredthe city of New Orleans from rebel to nationalrule, no such thing as a" Public School for coloredchildren was found in the schedule of the conquest. No such thing had ever existed in the CrescentCity. Even that portion of the colored population,who, for generations, had been wealthy and free,were allowed no public school, although taxed tosupport the. school-system of the city and State.Occasionally a small donation was made from thepublic fund to a school for orphans, attached to theColored Orphans' Asylum. The children of the free colored people who werein good circumstances, known as" Creoles," generallyof French or Spanish extraction, when not educatedabroad, or at the North, or from fairness ofcomplexion, by occasional admission to the whiteschools, were quietly instructed at home, or in a veryfew private schools of their class. Even these, although not contrary to law, werereally under the ban of opinion, but were tolerated,because of the freedom, wealth, respectability andlight color of the parents, many of whom ware nearlywhite, and by blood, sympathy, association, slaveholding,and other interests, were allied to the whiterather than to the black. For the poor, of the free colored people, therewas no school. To teach a slave the dangerous arts of readingand writing was a heinous offence, having, in thelanguage of the statute," a tendency to excite insubordinationamong the servile class, and punishableby imprisonment at hard labor for not more thantwenty-one years, or by death, at the discretion ofthe Court." In the face of all obstacles, a few of the free coloredpeople, of the poorer class, learned to read andwrite. Cases of like proficiency were found amongthe slaves, where some restless bondman, yearningfor the knowledge, that somehow he coupled withliberty, hid himself from public notice, to can over,in secret and laboriously, the magic letters. In other cases, limited teaching of a slave was connivedat by a master who might find it convenientfor his servant to read. Occasionally, the slave was instructed by some devoutand sympathizing woman or generous man,who secretly violated law and resisted opinion forthe sake of justice and humanity. A single attempt is mentioned of a colored schoolkept for a few months by a lady named Brice, in1860-61. No public schools was established until October,1863. The great work was fairly begun by the"Commission of Enrollment," created by order ofMajor General Banks, commanding Department ofthe Gulf. In February, 1864, were published General OrderNo.23, of Gen. Banks, known as the "Labor Order."That order bridged the chasm between theold and the new. By it the laborer, although a slave,was permitted to choose his employer. The governingpower was shifted from the planter to the ProvostMarshal. In addition to food, clothing, quarters, fuel, medicalattendance and wages, instruction for his childrenwas promised the colored man by the Government. In accordance with that promise-General OrderNo. 38, Headquarters, Department of the Gulf, wasissued by major General Banks on March 22d ensuing. That order created a " Board of Education forFreedmen, for the Department of the Gulf, withpower to establish common schools, employ teachers,erect school-houses, regulate the course of studies,and have generally the same authority that Assessors,Supervisors and Trustees have, in the NorthernStates, in the matter of establishing and conductingcommon schools." The purpose of the order is stated to be "for therudimental instruction of the Freedmen of the Department,placing within their reach those elementsof knowledge which give greater intelligence andvalue to labor." Two members of the Board, under this order,held their first meeting on the day of its issue, andbegan their work. On the first of April, the schools conducted by the"Commission of Enrollment" were transferred tothe "Board of Education." These schools Wereseven in number, employing twenty-three teachers,with an average attendance of fourteen hundredand twenty-two pupils. There were by that time a few colored schools inthe city, under toe auspices of benevolent societies.One by one these were offered to the Board and accepted;and unity of purpose and concert of actionsoon followed among all the friends of education for,colored, people. A schedule for the weekly reports of teachers wasspeedily prepared and issued. From these reports, the consolidated tabular statementfor each month is made up. A course of inspection was instituted, by whicheach department of the schools in this city andvicinity, embracing Algiers, Gretna, Orleans andJefferson parishes, is visited weekly and examined. The schools in the more distant parishes are inspectedmonthly—owing to the difficulty of obtainingmen qualified to be school inspectors and agents,at the small salaries we pay. Although on this accountthe more distant schools are inspected butonce a month, the teachers report weekly, which,with the correspondence maintained with the ProvostMarshals, furnishes the data to determine theirprogress.  In spite of the war, of the fierce opposition ofprejudice or passion, of all obstacles and disabilities,so really vital is this system of instruction, that atthe close or the year 1864, after but nine months'existence, the Board of Education was sustaining,in successful operation, 95 schools, with 162 teachersand 9571 pupils—being an average monthly increaseof 10 schools and 15 teachers and 850 pupils. In addition, the number of colored adults of bothsexes receiving instruction in night and Sundayschools, under the auspices of the Board, is over2000. Of the scholars in attendance in December therewere—3883 writing on slates; 1108 writing in copybooks; 283 studying Grammar; 1338 studyingGeography; 1228 studying Practical Arithmetic;4628 studying Mental Arithmetic; 7623 Reading;8301 Spelling; 2103 learning the Alphabet. Early in the spring of 1864, a census was takenby the parish Provost Marshals of all the coloredchildren between the ages of fire and twelve years,within oar lines. The returns of this census indicateda school population of 15,840. Later in theseason, this number was swelled by the influx ofhundreds of families from the Red River country,and by colored people entering our lines at all availablepoints. It is estimated that the numberof colored children, of school-attending age, nowwithin our lines of military occupation, in Louisiana,exceeds twenty thousand. Of that number, wehave, at this writing, over eleven thousand in school. These accessions from beyond the .lines explainthe apparent discrepancy in the Provost Marshal'scensus wild our schedule, where, in the parishes ofLafourche and Jefferson, the number of children inour schools exceeds the total, as given in the Marshal'senrollment. The Report proceeds to recite the many difficultiesattending the establishment of schools. It relatesinstances of privation and peril among the teachers;and of raids from rebels, guerrillas, &C. The past year has been one of great: financial delaysand embarrassments in this Department. The military bureaus and offices nave been largelyin arrears; and ever the soldiers in the field havebeen six or eight months without pay. It is a matter of congratulation, that owing to theunfailing promptness and consideration with whichthe Major General Commanding has supplied ourpecuniary needs, the employes of the Board haveseldom been required to wait more than two monthsfor their payments. The cases cited and many others have seethed tojustify the Board in the adoption of the policy expressedin a previous report, and since adhered to—that of employing, not exclusively, but mainly.Southern women as teachers. They understand thenegro. They have a competent knowledge of thepeople. Their Southern origin and education fitthem to combat the prejudices of their former friendsand associates against negro education. If these women are willing to forego the hatred ofrace, the hostility of caste, the prejudice of education;if they arc ready to bear the jeers and contemptof friends and kindred, and the practical exclusionfrom circles that hitherto have received themgladly, surely they are entitled to the first consideration.Therefore, of the one hundred and sixty-twoteachers in the employ of the Board, in Decemberlast, one hundred and thirty are of Southernorigin, thirty-two from the West and North, it hasbeen our aim to select the most capable and worthy,but we have n it been unmindful of those whoseloyal antecedents and consequent suffering from therebellion entitle them to sympathy and aid. Whenever colored teachers with the requisiteability have presented themselves, we have made nodistinction whatever. A much larger per centage of absences is foundin our schools during the winter than the summermonths. This is owing to the very general want ofwarm and suitable clothing. At least one-fifth ofthe school children are suffering from this cause.These, for the most part, belong to those familieswho have entered our State within the past year. They come to school with singular diligence,week after week, bare-footed and bare-limbed, withgarments ragged and thin, shivering over their lessonsfrom cold and wet, but still persistent to learn. We have made our plea for bare feet andnaked shoulders to Northern charitable societies,some of which may make the Board the almoner oftheir benefactions. By section 7th, of Order 38, the expenses of thissystem of education are to be "defrayed by theproceeds of a school tax, to be levied upon realand personal property sufficient in amount to meetthe cost of establishing, furnishing, and conductingthese schools for a period of one year." The average monthly expense of instructing eachpupil is one dollar and a half, or eighteen dollarsa year. It may be safely questioned if so great an advantageand so speedy a return were ever before realizedby any people, from a like outlay. It is as great tothe white as to the black. If this liberated populationare to remain among us, as they surely will, bytheir right, and our need, then it is the interest ofthe State, and of society, that they should not bekept in ignorance, to swell the vice and pauperismthat are the turbid issue of that stagnant pool. The pupils, as a class, are orderly, industrious, andeasily governed. They are exceedingly grateful forany interest and kindness shown to them. It is thetestimony of our teachers, who have taught in bothwhite and colored schools, that these children do notsuder in comparison with the white in the activityof most of their faculties, and in the acquisition ofknowledge. They are quick-witted, excelling inthose branches that exercise the perceptive andimitative powers, nod the memory, while they arelower in arithmetic, and in studies that tax thereasoning powers—probably from a hereditary dormancyof those faculties under the long night andcruel weight of slavery. A marked characteristic of these children is theirgenuine delight in learning, and the heartiness withwhich they repeat their exercises. Music is thenatural expression of their spirits; the song neverflags for want of voices. Some of their own irregularand plaintive melodies fall from their lips witha strange, deep pathos. They are also natural actorsand natural orators. They read and declaimwith ease, and just expression. They are quick inresponding to the pathetic, as they are keen in discerningthe ludicrous. Recently, we had twentyfour hundred of them in "Howes' Circus" at onetime. Four-fifths of them had never seen any suchthing. Some of the performers said, afterwards,that they never had a more appreciative audience—one that seemed to know, by intuition, where thelaugh should come in, and where the applause.One of the downs ventured upon a stale joke about"rain from the surrounding black clouds," but itfell heavily and almost in silence at the feet of anaudience just realizing that they have a naturalright to be black without reproach. Another habitude of these colored children istheir care of books and school furniture. There isan absence of that Young America lawlessness socommon on Caucasian play grounds. The wallsand fences about the colored schools are not defaced,either by violence or vulgar scratching.They do not whittle or ply the jack-knife at the expenseof desks and benches. It may also be saidthat the imagination of these juveniles is generallyincorrupt and pure, and from the two most prevailingand disgusting vices of school children, profanityand obscenity, they are singularly free. The beneficial influence of three schools is notlimited to the pupils The children go from theschool-room to their homes, as instructors. One ofthe immediate and visible results is upon the coloredadult and hit household, in the increase of familyrespect, the promotion of. cleanliness and thrift, andgenerally end in equal degree in those good effectsthat like influence have produced anon the populationsof other races. Another almost immediate and marked influenceI these schools seen upon the white people in thelossening prejudice, in the admission of the African'sability to learn, and his consequent fitness for placesin the world tram which we have hitherto excludedhim. The following extract from the report of a teacherin one of the parishes where we have heretofore hadmuch resistance to the schools, may serve to illustratethis statement. It is the more conclusive, asthe teacher is himself an educated colored man fromthe Sate of Maine: "Everything works harmoniously now. Eventhe small planter (Spanish) are giving in their adhesionto the present disposition of affairs, going sofar, in some cases, as to send their won children toask admittance into this school. I have now somehalf-dozen of the small planters who come to mynight-school, where they recite on the same bencheswith freedom. This I consider progress." The children are taught exclusively in English.Bound by the strong ligament of a common tongue,they will never foster the subtle enmity to Nationalunity that lurks in diversity of speech. Very respectfully, B. RUSH PLUMLY, Chairman Board of Education for Freedmen, Chairman Board of Education for Freedmen, Department of the Gulf. Department of the Gulf. Lieut. E.M. WEELOCK,Secretary EELOCK 
