 When a question has been settled, it is wonderfulhow clear it becomes. We find it hard to comprehendwhat it was that made all the difficulty. Butin four-fifths or the cases, the real trouble is in thedisposition of the parties concerned—they don'twant any settlement of the question, or they are notin the right frame of mind to take it up. We haveseen this illustrated during the whole progress of thenegro questions since the war began. There was agrand bitch in the first place, arresting the wholepublic mind as before an impenetrable wall, untilGen. Butler proffered his "contraband" key, and letus all into the next stage of the question. And sowe have been going on, sometimes by the aid of thesword, at others by the statute-book, and atothers by the spontaneous impulses of the masses.But now it is plain enough that the great impendingquestion in many quarters is to be that which relatesto the suffrage of the colored man. Here in Massachusetts, and in most of New England,the question was decided long ago, and consequentlyit looks so easy that we hardly know whatto make of the rising excitement over it elsewhere.We simply take no account of the color of a man'sface in determining his right to vote, but we do looksomewhat to the condition of his mind, for we conceivethat that has a direct relation to his exerciseof the great responsibilities of the franchise; and sowe require that the voter shall be able to read theState Constitution in the English language. It istrue, that does not necessarily secure us in everycase a wise and patriotic voter, and it may occasionallyexclude such an one. But as a general rule—and it is general rules alone that must govern in allpolitical affairs—it does supply a good and just testof men's fitness to vote, as our experience has satisfactorilydemonstrated. But whatever may be thefact as to this, we doubt if one sensible man can anywherebe found to took another in the face and saythat complexion is a sound standard for giving orwithholding the right of suffrage. complexion No, the candid opponents of negro suffrage willrest their objections on the present unfitness of therace to be admitted to that responsible right andduty. They will advert to their ignorance, to thestate of dependence in which most of them havehitherto passed their lives, and to whatever otherdefects the average American voter is free from.But even these men must admit that where a coloredmen is free from these defects to the same degreeas any present voter, foreign born or native, heought to have the same political rights. To sayotherwise is to bring out that colorphobia from itshiding place which every sensible man at least whois willing to have colored men fighting for him inthe field, ought to be ashamed of. The true way,then, is to consider honestly what safeguards oughtto be thrown around the ballot-box, in order to insurethe proper working of our institutions, and thento apply those safeguards impartially, as to whiteand black, natives and immigrants. If theaccomplishment of reading is not deemed a wise rule, letany other be adopted, provided that it appliesto all alike. But it is one strong recommendationof that, that if any one is very desirous of surmountingit, in order to exercise the most honorable rightof a freeman, he can be sure to it in a fewmonths. We have not at this time taken into accountthe great public considerations which attachto the right settlement of this question, but havechosen rather to glance at its very simplest elements,because it is really a simple question, and will oneday be universally acknowledged as such. Asmoreover, it has got to be settled, all parties oughtto meet it as good-naturally as possible.—BostonJournal. 
