 Mr. Sumner, when he denounced in the Senatethe "barbarism of slavery," was supposed by manyto have given utterance rather to his own exaggeratedprejudices than to a just appreciation of a greatsocial wrong. But the progress f the war musthave convinced the most credulous of that day thathe wad entirely right in regard to the essential malignityof this outrage upon human nature and humansociety. Thomas Jefferson, indeed, long beforeMr. Sumner, and with better opportunities ofobservation, had characterized the effects of so unnaturala state as brutalizing to both master andslave. "The whole commerce between them" hesaid " is a perpetual union of the most boisterouspassions—of the most unremitting despotism uponthe one part, and of degrading submission on theother." of the influences of the crime upon the characterof masters, we had many sad proofs in the violenceand ruffianism which forced their way intoCongress; but not until we learned how the deedbodies of killed at Bull Run had been defiled:until the indescribable cruelties and tormentes inflictedupon our poor prisoners in a hundred rebel prisonswere told us — not until all these experiencescould we conceive of the magnitude and atrocity ofthis wickedness. Up to the last moments of their tottering power,the rebels have not ceased to display the same infernalspirit of inhumanity and hate. A weeklyjournal, the albion,which has never been inclinedto use hard words towards the South, speaking ofthe evacuation of Richmond says; "with the samemalignant and disgraceful recklessness towards thefate of those them they were leaving behindwhich was manifested at Charleston and elsewhere,the retiring troops set fire to the public buildings,and caused the destruction of one—third of thecity." Very true: it was both malignant and reckless.At Charleston, at Columbia, at Wilmington,at Petersburg, at Richmond, the men of wealth, theleaders. the officials— all who had means t getaway, ran away— but they left the poor who couldnot get away behind them, to be dealt with by theYankees, whom they had described as friends in humanshape, or to be burned to death amid the blazingbuildings, or to starve for the want of the foodwhich they tried to destroy. albion That is what they care for the people. Savingthemselves by a dishonorable and precipitate flight,they abandoned their blacks and the poor whites tothe horrors of conflagration, pillage, insult and famine.Nothing recorded in history is baser, crueler,more cowardly, than this desertion of the poor bythe rich, of the weak by the powerful, followed bysuch heartless attempts to burry them under meresmoldering ruins. It is more infamous becausethere could be no motive in it but hatred of the victorWhen the Russians burnt their city of Moscow,they knew that the sacrifice would defeat theirenemy. they knew that the French would be compelledto an immediate and disastrous, if not anan overhelmeting retreat. But no such advantages wasto be gained by burning the towns our forces havecaptured. We might be hindered in the seizure ofa little property. but our marches could not be stoppednor our campaigns arrested. Only their ownpoor could be despoiled of the factories in which.they might have labored. of the magazines andstorehouses of supply. of all the means of futuresubsistence."— N.Y.Evening Post 
