 Considerable has been said in the papers in relationto the working of the free labor system in Louisiana.Perhaps we cannot do a better service thandirecting attention to this subject as shown in thereport of Thomas W. Conway, Superintendent ofthe Bureau of free Labor Department of the Gulf,for the year ending February 1, 1865. That reportstates that the number of freedman, (orphans,infirm persons, &C.,) supported by the governmentduring the year was 1416, and the cost $113,426.The number of freedman on the plantations whowere managed by the Bureau was 50,000, and thenumber of plantations under cultivation by militaryorders, 1500. On twelve plantations, it has beenfound necessary to seize property for the purpose ofsecuring the payment of the freedmen workingthem. It having been an exceedingly unprosperousyear, the planters have found it very difficult topay their laborers. The disaster of the past season by the failure ofthe crops has been so great as to almost ruin nearlyevery planter in the department. Another suchyear will hardly leave any of the old planters ontheir feet. Their estates are so heavily mortgaged,that if the crops again fail as last year, they cannotsave themselves, and the old planting aristocracywill disappear. Even with fair crops, it will be impossibleto prevent a very early change in the ownershipof the plantations, and they are even nowpreparing to give way to new capital and new proprietorship—the victims of ruin brought upon themby the rebellion. In regard to the treatment of the freedmen, thereport says the old planters have, as a general rule,paid them more promptly, more justly, and apparentlywith more willingness than have the newlessees from other parts of the country. SomeNorthern men of wealth, however, who have settledin the country, have done better for the freedmenthan any others, contributing cheerfully to their educational,religious and social welfare. Most Northernmen who undertook to work plantations soughtto grind a fortune out of the freedmen in one yearand then quit. Of the general work for the freedmenperformed by the Bureau, Mr. Conway says: "We have given up children out of slavery to theirparents; we have secured payments of wages of servants,in the city and elsewhere; we have securedpay of hands on steamships and boats: we have deliveredpersecuted people out of the jails; we havesent the sick to hospitals; we have redressed grievancesof every description; we have given protectionto many who, at one time, could not get protectionin the courts, because it was claimed that theywere slaves; and in the great variety of duties whichwe have been called upon to exercise toward an oppressedpopulation of about ninety thousand souls, Ihave the satisfaction of saying that I have been sustained,in every work, by the Major General Commanding,and not crippled in my efforts by any of the authorities,including the Governor of the State, who hasdone valuable service in shaping the conduct of thecourts in regard to these people; and Brigadier GeneralSherman, the Commander of the defences ofNew Orleans, who has rendered telling assistancewhenever I have asked it of him." Considering the novelty of the circumstances attendingthis attempt to organize the labor of thefreedmen, and the obstacles in the way, Mr. Conwaysays be considers the experiment "successfulin its time and in the objects contemplated by it." 
