 We meet this evening not in sorrow, but in gladnessof heart. The evacuation of Petersburg andRichmond and the surrender of the principal insurgentarmy, give hopes of a righteous and speedypeace whose joyous expression cannot be restrained.In the mnist of this however, He from whom allblessings flow must not be forgotten. A call for aNational Thanksgiving is being prepared, and willbe duly promulgate. Nor must those whose harderpart gives us the cause of rejoicing be overlooked.Their honors must not be parceled out with others.I myself, was near the front and had the high pleasureof transmitting much of the good news to you.But no part of the honor for plan or execution ismine. To Genes Grant, his skillful officers andbrave men, all belong. The gallant navy stoodready, but was not in reach to take active part. Bythese recent successes, the re-inauguration, of the nationalauthority,—reconstruction, which has had alarge share of thought from the first—is pressedmuch more closely upon our attention. It is traughtwith great difficulty. Unlike a case of war betweenindependent nations, there is no authorized organlot us to treat with. No one man has authority togave up the rebellion for any other man. We simplymust begin with and mould from disorganized anddiscordant elements. Nor is it a small additionalembarrassment that we. the loyal people, differamong ourselves as to the mode, manner and measureof reconstruction. As a general rule, I abstainfrom reading the reports of attacks upon myself,washing not to be provoked by that to which I cannotproperly offer an answer. In spite of this precautionhowever, it comes to my knowledge that Iam much censured for some supposed agency is settingup and seeking to sustain the new State governmentof Louisiana. In this I have done just so muchand no more than the public knows. In the annualmessage of December, 1863, and the accompanyingproclamation, I presented a plan of reconstruction,as the phrase goes, which I promised, if adopted byany State, would be acceptable to and sustained bythe Executive government of the nation. I distinctlystated that this was not the only plan which mightpossibly be acceptable, and I also distinctly protestedthat the Executive claimed no right to say whoor whether members should be admitted to seatsin Congress from such States. This plan was inadvance submitted to the then Cabinet, and approvedby every member of it. One of them suggestedthat I should then, and in that connection, apply theEmancipation proclamation to the theretofore exceptedparts of Virginia and Louisiana, that I shoulddrop the suggestion about apprenticeship for freedpeople and that I should omit the protest againstmy own power in regard to the admission of membersof Congress. But even he approved everypart and parcel of the plan which has since beenemployed or touched by the action of Louisiana.The new Constitution of Louisiana, declaring emancaptionfor the whole State, practically applies theproclamation to the part previously excepted. Itdoes not adopt apprenticeship for freed people, andis silent, as it could not well be otherwise, about theadmission of members to Congress. So that, as itapplied to Louisiana, every member of the Cabinetfully approved the plan. The message went toCongress, and I received many commendations ofthe plan, written and verbal, and not a singleobjection to it from any professed emancipationistcame to my knowledge until after the news reachedWashington that the people of Louisiana had begunremove in accordance with it. From about July,1862, I had corresponded with different personssupposed to be interested in seeking a reconstructionof a State government for Louisiana. Whenthe message of 1863, with the plan before mentioned,reached New Orleans, Gen. Banks wrote me that hewas confident that the people, with his military cooperationwould reconstruct substantially on thatplan. I wrote to him and some of them to try it.They tried it, and the result is known. Such hasbeen my only agency in getting up the Louisianagovernment. As to sustaining it, my promise is out,as before stated, but as bad promises are betterbroken than kept, I shall treat this as a bad promises,and break it whenever I shall be convinced thatkeeping it is adverse to the public interest; but Ihave not yet been so convinced. I have been shown abetter on this subject, (supposed to be an able one),in which the writer expresses regret that mymind has not seemed to be definitely fixed on thequestion whether the seeded States, so called, areon the Union or out of it. It would perhaps addastonishment to his regret were he to learn thatsince I have found professed Union men endeavoringto answer that question, I have purposely forborneany public expression upon it. As appears to me,that question has not been, nor yet is, a practicallymaterial one, and that any discussion of it, while itthus remains practically immaterial, could have noother effect than the mischievous one of dividing ourfriends. As yet, whatever it may become, that questionis bad as the basis of a controversy, and goodfor nothing at all—a merely pernicious abstraction.We all agree that the seceded States, so called, areout of their proper practical relation with the Union,and that the sole object of the government, civil andmilitary in regard to those States, is to again getthem into that proper practical relation. I believethat it is not only possibly, but in fact, easier, to ddothe without deciding or even considering whetherthose States have ever been out of the Union, thanwith it. Finding themselves safely at home, itwould be utterly immaterial whether they had beenabroad. Let us all join in doing the acts necessaryto restore the proper practical relations betweenthese States and the Union and each forever afterinnocently indulge his own opinion, whether in doingthe acts he brought the States from without intothe Union, or only gave them proper assistance, theysever having been out of it. The amount ofcontingency, so to speak, on which the Louisianagovernment rests, would be more satisfactoryto all if it contained 50,000 or 30,000 or even20,000 instead of 12,000 as it does. It is also unsatisfactoryto some that the elective franchise is notgiven to the colored man. I would myself preferthat it were now conferred on the very intelligent andon those who serve our cause as soldiers. Still thequestion is not whether the Louisiana government,as it stands, is quite all that is desirable. The questionis will it be wiser to take it as it is, and keepit, improve it, or to reject and disperse it? Can Louisiana be brought into proper practicalrelation with the Union sooner by sustaining or bydiscarding her new State government? Some 12,000voters in the heretofore slave State of Louisianahave sworn allegiance to the Union, assumed to bethe rightful political of the State held electionorganized Slat government, adopted a FreeState Constitution, giving the benefit or the publicschools equally to black and whites and empoweringthe Legislature to confer the elective franchise uponthe colored man. This Legislature has already voted to ratify theConstitutional Amendment recently passed by Congressabolishing slavery throughout the nation.These twelve thousand persons are thus fully committedto the Union, and to perpetuate freedom inthe State, committed to the very things, and nearlyall things the nation wants, and they ask the nation'srecognition and in assistance to make good this committal. Now, if we reject and spurn them, we do our utmostto disorganize and disperse them. We, in fact,say to the white man. You are worthless or worse;we will neither help you nor be helped by you. Tothe blacks we say, This cup of liberty, which these,your old masters, held to your lips, we will dash fromyou, and leave you to the chances of gathering thespilled and scattered contents in some vague and undefinedwhen, where and how. If this course, discouraging and paralyzing bothwhite and black, has any tendency to bring Louisianainto proper practical relations with the Union, Ihave so far been unable to perceive it. If, on thecontrary, we sustain and recognize the new governmentof Louisiana, the converse of all this is madetrue. We encourage the hearts and nerve the armsof 12,000 to adhere to their work and argue for it,and feed it, and proselyte for it, and grow it, andripen it to a complete success. The colored man, too, in seeing all united for him,in inspired with vigilance, and energy, and daring tothe same end. Grant that he desires the electivefranchise, will he not attain it sooner by saving thealready advanced steps toward it than by runningbackward over them? Concede that the new governmentof Louisiana is only to what it should be, asthe egg is to the fowl, we shall sooner have the fowlby hatching the egg than by smashing it. (Laughter.) Again, if we reject Louisiana, we also reject onevote in favor of the proposed amendment to the NationalConstitution. To meet this proposition, it hasbeen argued that no more than three-fourths of thoseStates which have not attempted secession are necessaryto validly ratify the amendment. I do not commitmyself against this further than to say that sucha ratification would be questionable and sure to bepersistently questioned, while a ratification by three-fourthsof all the States would be unquestionedand unquestionable. I repeat the question, ran Louisiana be broughtin to practical relations with the Union sooner bysustaining or by discarding her new State government?What has been said of Louisiana will applyto other States. And yet so great peculiarities pertainto each State, and such important and suddenchanges occur in the same State, and withal so newand unprecedented is the whole case, that no exclusiveand inflexible plan can safely be prescribed asto details and collaterals. Such exclusive and inflexibleplan would surely become a new entanglement. Important principles may and must be inflexible.In the present situation, as the phrase goes, it maybe my duty to make some new announcement to thepeople of the South. I am considering, and shallnot fail to act when satisfied that action will beproper. 
