 But act from a recent speech of 'hangman Foote,'of Mississippi, in the U.S. Senator:— The South would not probably have assumed itspresent position, if it had not been for the course ofa Southern man, (Mr. Benton,) living in a SouthernState, a slaveholder, and representing slaveholders,who had undertake to call all those who differ fromhim upon the agitating question, fools. That individualhad declared, that no man of sense now questionedthe right of Congress to legislate on the questionedthe roof slavery. When he made that declaration,he knew that the distinguished Senator from SouthCarolina, (Mr. Calhoun,) who was generally allowedto possess at least an ordinary share of intelligence,and the Senator from Michigan, 9Mr. case,) whopossess at least as much common sense as thegentleman who had inferred his lack of understandinghad, both of them, declared specifically thatthey could find no clause in the Congress. Heknew, also, that a large number of gentlemenassembled in this capital last winter had declared theirsolemn conviction, that no such right pertained toCongress. Notwithstanding all this, this Patter Senknown for his wisdom, experience, and a thousandvirtues besides, took it upon himself to declarethat all the gentlemen were falls; and similar actshad created the necessity upon the part of the Southfor action, asserting their rights and expressing theirconvictions of the power of Congress, and the positionwhich the Representative should assume onthis great question. Mr. Foote repeated his statementof the remarks made by the Senator, (Mr. Benton,)and said that the effect of such sentiments,arrowed in a Southern Satiate (Missouri) by a slaveholderhimself, had the effect of inducing the slavesto run off by fifties across the Mississippi River intothe free States. [Mr. Benton here rose, put on his hat,and throwing his cloak on his arm, proceeded toleave the chamber. As he was leaving, Mr. Footeproceeded,] Yes, sir, they fled across the river, thesame sort of flight the Senator is himself makingfrom the Chamber. I like to see a heroic Senator,one who dares to stand up and answer for his course,whatever it may time, when three thousand miles off,slandered and vilified his fellow Senators, and theportion of the Union which they represented, andthreatened to chastise those who differed from himon that subject was hinted at here, where he had fled from thehad slandered, face to face— that as soon as the subjectwas hinted at here, where he had proposed toadminister the chastisement, he had fled from theSenate as those negroes had flood across the river.Mr. Foote regretted the Senator had fled the ;he though if present, he could apply to him aclassical quotation, which might not be perfectible inhis absence. He would have enquired of him, in thelanguage of Cicero, 'Que tandem abusers Celina,pathetic na.   Que tandem abusers Celina,pathetic na.   he desired also to say, that the little demagoguesof the North—the butterflies of an hour, who liveonly until the first frost of the morning falls uponthem — would never have been able to effect anything, habit hot been for the aid which theyreceived from the South— form a Southern man—aslave bolder, as he had already stated. Under allthese circumstances, he could not offer any compromise,or any proposition designed as such. If anyscheme of compromise on this subject should beoffered in good faith, from the proper quarter, by theright king of men, he had no doubt that the Southwould readily agree to it. But it was not for theSouth now to offer such a proposition, and it was inthat view that he could not nave introduced such abill as that by the Senator from Missouri, whichproposed to open the question of slavery again in aTerritory where it was already recognized by theUnited States, and thus keep alive the flame ofdiscord, and add to the incendiary material already soplentiful. Mr. Foote also alluded to the Memorial presentedby the Senator from Missouri, at the last session,from a so-called convention of a government forthem, and the exclusion of slavery there from. Hethen pronounced the Memorial a fraud, intended tocheat a portion of the people out of their rights.Since that time, he had had a very extensivecorrespondence with the citizens of New Mexico, and theuniversal answer to his inquiries was, that he wasright in pronouncing the memorial a fraud, and thatthe Senator presenting it could not find a singlerespectable citizen of that territory, who would saythat it had ever emanated from a bona find Conventionof the people of New Mexico. He complimentedthe people of Deserter for coming forwardand asking the establishment of a government, anddeclaring at the same time that they wanted no partor lot in this question, which had endangered thepeace and harmony of the Union. a bona find This Foote is the jack all of John C. Calhoun, andfitly represents his infamous State. 
