 Mr. B. took the ground that the preamble of aConstitution qualifies and explains the intent orUnderstanding of its specific provisions, but does notControl them. If the preamble of our constitutionSays it is ordained to establish 'justice,' it shows thatIn the opinion of the frames of the constitution, itWas a matter of 'justice' to reclaim fugitive slaves. MR. b. went on to argue the pro-slavery characterof the constitution from the provisions in referenceto representation. He insisted that the language ofthe constitution in some instances applies to slaves,and could apply to no other parties. Mr. B. protested that he had always made adistinction between the legal character of the constitution,and the intent of its frames, at the time heheld the views referred to by Mr. Smith. Mr. FOSTER would like to correct the statementof Mr. Smith. He did not ordinarily noticeaccusations against himself; but Mr. Smith was agentlemen who had earned a character for justice andhumanity, which made him regret any such statementfrom him. The charge was, that in ridiculingthe Liberty party last evening, he had so understandagreement; of yesterday. He did not so understandthe matter; he did not believe he had violated anyagreement. He had ridiculed the Liberty party, forthe reason that they occupied a ridiculous position. The PRESIDENT said the understanding was, thatthe subject of the constitution and that of theparties should come up this morning. Mr. SMITH, Mr. FOSTER, Mr. REMOND, thePRESIDENT, and others, explained; when Mr. SMITH said Mr. Foster was a correct man,of good memory; and when he says he did notdiscusses the constitutional question— that is sufficient forme, and I am sorry I misapprehended him, and that Imade the charge, which I most cheerfully retract. Mr. FOSTER expressed his gratification, as heintended to violate no understanding, and above all,did not like to have the matter so regarded by onewhom he so highly esteemed as his friend Mr. Smith.The conclusion of the explanation was receivedWith the highest gratification and demonstrationsOf good feeling by the audience. After several passages of playfulness and witbetween Foster, Smith and Burleigh, the Conventionadjourned. (to be continued) to be continued 
