 Reported for the Syracuse Journal. OF THE ABOLITIONISTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK,AT CITY HALL, JAN. 15, 1850. At half past 10 o'clock, Rev. Samuel J. May calledthe convention to order, and for the purpose of temporaryorganization, moved that Joseph C. Hathaway,of Ontario, be temporary Chairman, and that Mr. A.Prune, of Onondaga, be Secretary. the chair named the following committee:—Messrs.J. Thomas, C.A. Wheaton, of Onondaga,Stephen S. Foster, of Massachusetts, Slocum Howland,of Cayuga, and Charles C. Burleigh, of Connecticut. The Committee retired, and during their absence,Rev. Mr. May read the Call of the Convention. Mr. May went on to comment upon the object ofthe Convention. It was to examine and discuss thehighest anti- slavery thoughts and views that had everbeen offered by any one, and see how far they oughtto govern us in our action as citizen. The Convention,from the terms of its Call, and from thecooperation of the various shades of opinion in promulgatingit, was to be regarded as open to all who wereat heart enlisted in the cause of the slave.The chairman would take this occasion to say,that free discussion was not only tolerated in thisConvention, but invited. Remarks from any one,giving their views, be they what they may, weredesired. The Committee on officers, &c., made the followingReport: President— SAMUEL, J. MAY. President Vice Presidents— Frederick Douglass andJoseph C. Hathaway. Vice Presidents Secretaries— J.W. RANDOLPH, CHARLSE. ADAMS. Secretaries Business Committee— CHARELES C. Burleigh,S.H. Gay, FREDERICK DOUGLESS, SLOCCM HOWLAND,ABIGAIL MOTT. Finance Committee— T.G. WHITE, ALANSONTHORP, GEO.W. DEAN. On motion, the Report was obliged for the complimentof the Convention. The majority of the Complimentedon officers were of those opposed to the menwho called the Convention. The majority of theofficers elected were of those who called theConvention. Resolutions embodying their opinions willbe brought forward; but they can be rejected orapproved, as the Convention shall see fit. The Committee on by – laws have made no restrictionas to time in sneaking the number of times, &c.here restrictions have always embarrassed discussions;and often the finest flow of thought, sheddinglight all around, was cut off by this rule. It wouldof course be borne in mind by the members, thatdud courtesy of each member to all the others, inthis particular, must be observed. We ask the fullest consideration and the freestspeech, upon all questions. we trust the Conventionwill be courteous, kind, free, earnest and candidon all questions, and will be quickening to us all. The PRESIDENT— in reply to Mr. frank, ofSyracuse— said that any gentleman was at liberty, atany time, to offer any resolution or proposition for theconsideration of the Convention. C.C. Burleigh, from the Business Committee,reported a series of resolutions. Report accepted. on motion, the first four of the series were takenup, as the first business of the Convention — asfollows: 1. resolved, That, in comparing the present stateof public sentiment and action, on the subject ofslavery, with the past, we see abundant evidence ofthe power of truth, and feel ourselves admonishedand encouraged to be more steadfast and unyieldingin our advocacy of the Right of Mass — aboundingmore and more in the work of the Lord, knowingfrom what has been done, that our labor is not in vainthe Lord. 2. Resolved, that the great change which hasalready been wrought in the land, is plainly attributableto that dreamingly insignificant, beginning,which a few years ago (according to the then Mayorof Boston) was all that could be found of Abolition ion,in a small, obscure apartment, in an upper acorn,by one W.L.G., and a black boy. 3. Received, that the words of truth thereuttered have, as good seed, produced abundantly, fromyear to year, bringing forth seed after their kind,which, borne every where on newspaper wings,far and wide by the wined of controversy, andploughed is by every state of this wide- speakUnion, and are bringing forth in some thirty, in somesixty, and in some a hundred fold.  4. Resolved, That the prediction uttered from thatlittle 'upper room,' in Boston, in 1891, by WilliamL.G—, that the 'foot of the young liberatorshould make the nation tremble to its centre,' hasbeen already fulfilled. The PRESIDENT, in reading these resolutions,remarked that the 'upper room' referred to in thesecond resolution was the steer of Mr. Otis, thenMayor of Boston. The Governor of Virginia wroteto him that an opposition to southern 'institutions'was organizing in Boston. Mayor Otis replied, thatafter diligent search, the only evidence he could findof such intent, consisted in the operations of WilliamL. Garrison and a black boy, in a small room inan upper story. In 1831, Garrison was publishing thaw Liberator,a paper insignificant in size, and in reply to thesneers of other papers as to his labors. he utteredthe memorable declaration quoted in the fourth resolution,and which has already been so signally fulfilled. On motion, J.W. Logan and M. Merrick wereappointed &Committee on Enrolment. Adjourned to half past one. FIRST DAY— AFTEHNOON SESSION. the Convention was well attended. The President announced that the first four resolutionswere under consideration, as the first businessof the Convention. Mr. C.C. BURLEIGH remarked upon theencouragement for future and increased effort in timesto come, which could be derived from the history ofthe past. men who were climbing slippery acclivitieswere benefited by pausing, and surveying theground that had been traversed. If he, in thisretrospect, discovers evidence that he has overcomeobstacles, and considering what has been done, hasadvanced with an encouraging rapidity, he hasrenewed reason for greater effort. We have beenascending this steep acclivity for twenty years. Mr.B. went on in a highly wrought and forcible descriptionof the work of the abolitionists, and said thatthey might well say that 'hitherto the Lord hathhelped us.' No other strength but His could haveborne us up so far; could have enabled us to meet thepersecutions, obloquy, and discouragements and dangerswhich thickly thronged our way, when first weturned our faces toward the goal, which brightensevery day, the nearer we approach it. Who doesnot remember the feebleness, the lowliness of thisenterprise, which now shakes the nation? The forceof this sentiment is felt in the cabinet, in the councilsof the nation, in the family circle — everywhere our country, Mr. Gonium, and eloquentlypersonated the contempt expressed by the pulped May ofof Boston, as indicated in the resolutions. Hedescribed Mr. G. as a printer's boy, scarce in his majority,without the aid of family or fortune, as theinstrument to bring slavery to a account a the bar ofGod — and anticipating the final decision, to bring itbefore the nation. it went out as a still small voice— to be echoed back at first by mobocracy, but soonto come back from the pine woods of Maine, fromthe bayous of the Mississippi, and from the Ridgeyshores of the Pacific. We know we shall triumph.we are not dealing in abstractions or scorpions.We are dealing in abstractions or scorpions.We are dealing in self- evident truths; in thosesentiments of love and goodness which are to redeemthe world. We are mighty, because w throw our selvesin the cause which is to move the world.Nothing can stand against us. this is the reasonwhy the young printer could speak in a tone sopositive, so unfaltering, as was used by him when standingthus unaided and alone. We were told the other day, in this hall,(by Prof.Hopkins,) that knowledge is power — and it wasillustrated by the rule we have obtained over thematerial world. It is, that he who acts inharmony with the Divine will has an equally mightymoral power, one which astonishes credulity it self,and out- wonders the miracles of antiquity. Hehas control over a mightier and higher nature, thanhe we touches the keys of the Magnetic Telegraph. What was it fifteen or a fanatic and an enthusiast—tobe an object of scorn, contempt, hatred andpersecution; and to be fortunate, indeed, if heescaped with only the loss of his properly, and not tobe dragged through the streets, with a rope aroundhis body, then to be cast in to prison. the pioneersdid not foresee all they were to encounter— and itwas perhaps well they did not. They supposed they wouldget help from the strong and influential— butin this they soon found their mistake. but theywent on, subduing every where. The vast majority of northern politicians are nowcontending as to who is beast entitled to the appellationof hostility to slavery. We have not convertedthem; but have demonstrated the homage whichvice ever pays to virtue, by compelling them to assumethe garb of hypocrisy. We may not trustthem, but we may take courage, when it comes tobe policy for such men to assume our principles. beast you see how it is in the political world. A fewyears ago, if the question had been raised, whetherslavery should exist in new territory, it would havebeen mot with scorn and contempt. who opposedthe annexation of Arkansas or of Florida as a slaveState? Mr. B. went on to say, that when he first wentto Pennsylvania, the abolitionists could not havethe hall of the Legislature to meet in; but before heleft the state, by the unanimous vote of both Houses,it was voted that the jails of Pennsylvanianshould not longer be the warehouse of the slaveholders. When he went to Ohio, ten years ago, the 'blackcode' of that State provided that a colored mancould not be a witness; should be taxed for theschool system, but should not enjoy its benefits;and the two political parties vied with each other injustifying three outrages; but that 'code' has vanished. In Massachusetts, when he first went there, thevoice of the cannon or abolitionism; and the Governorintimated that abolitionism was a crime whichcould be prosecuted at common law; and if not, theLegislature could supply the deficiency. Ten or twelve years ago, every Democratic andWhig candidate took the utmost points to convey theidea that he was not tinctured with abolitionism.Yet in 1848 and 1849, all were attempting to makethe people believe that they were through going intheir hostility to slavery. He referred to the courseof Thaddeus Stevens, of Pennsylvania, as anillustration; at the same time insisting that he wasinconsistent in supporting Gen. Taylor for thepresidency. He had designed to show some might of progress inthe religious world; for public action and neutralityare now as far apart, that although the one might besick of the worst discusses, the other might present aclean bill of health! Although it might seem abrupt,he would here yield the floor.Mr. S.S. FOSTER covered the adoption of theresolution. There was much important business todo. Principles were to be discussed and settled. Itwas necessary to discuss the principles of the AmericanAnti- Slavery Society; for only by discussioncould why thing be conceived. There were oppositions ofthis flossiest were, and he was rejoicedto see them here to discuss there principles face tofacer. He was sure this Convention would be anoccasion of triumph to that society; for he wasconvinced it was correct. The word 'Liberty 'is hardlyhear ad from one week's end to another in the easternpart of the State. nothing is done. I do not carewhat measures are adopted, if they are right ones. Ihave no condense in compromises; they have beenthe curses of many friends of the slave, thinking theycould make something in a bargain with the devil.Business first, then talking, visiting, please men. He concluded with a motion to take the question.Seconded. Mr. PILLISHURY would dwell upon the idea ofMr. Burleigh and the President, that the anti- slaverymovement in prominently a religion movement.Nothing but the strongest religious faithcould have sustained us in our labors. And it sustainsall who engage in great enterprises — great,because they are good. He referred to the futileat temple to settle New England on selfish principles;but the attempt was pre-eminently successful in thehands of men of fine and unshaken with, like thePuritans. So of the anti-slavery movement. Itought to be understood that the principles of theabolitionists appeal to the best affliction of the heartand soul; and no one can be a pure abolitionist whois not devoted heart and soil to the cause of truth.Thus regenerate, he is ready for the work. ILLISHURY The resolution under discussion were again read,and unanimously adopted. unanimously adopted. The PRESOLUTIONS then read the balance of theReport of the business Committee, as follow:— 5. resolved, That the action of the government ofthe united States has from the first been embarrassedby that greatest of all incongruities in a DemocraticRepublic, the institution of slavery. And thatthe government has been kept in operation only bythe aid of Northern compromises. Their oil is nowwell-high dried up the heat of anti-slavery truth,and the question for the people to determine is,whether the oil of compromise shall be replenished,or that slavery, the great cause of that friction whichimpedes the free. Consistent, happy operation of ourgovernment, shall be utterly revolved. 6. Resolved, that the actual stand-still to whichthe machinery of our government was brought forweeks at the opening of the present session of Congress,by a little dust, a little 'free soil,' that are longstop entirely, unless slavery or freedom gives up theconflict. 7. Resolved, That it had been far better for thewelfare and honor of our country, if the House ofRepresentatives had never been able to organizeit self, than it should do so by a portion of thenorthern members yielding to the demands of theabettors of slavery; for that no action of ourCongress can be for the good, much less the glory ofour Republic, which commences in compromise ofRight. 8. Resolved, That inasmuch as the slaveholderhas no right to keep his slaves in bondage, andtherefore, that the slave has a right to escape tofreedom; and we have, consequently, no right tohinder him from doing so, or to help to take andenslave him; and as we have no right to makepromises which cannot rightfully be obeyed, it followsthat the provision of the American Constitution,which requires the giving up of the runner way to hismaster, ought never to have been adopted, and oughtnot now to be obeyed; nor have we any freight topromise obedience to it. 9. Resolved, therefore, That we hereby repeatthe announcement of our fixed purpose never to aidin the re-capture and re-installment of the escapingbondman, nor to promise support or obedience to theConstitution, while it retains the provision alluded to;but will always, to thaw best of our ability, as opportunityoffers, help the fugitive to gain and keep thatpriceless blessing which he seeks, and to which hehas an inalienable birth-right. 10. Resolved, that we have no right to side orpromise to aid in putting down, by bloody violence,an insurrection of the slaves for freedom, because, ifit be right to fight in defense of our most sacred andprecious rights, the slaves would be right in such aninsurrection, and of course to fight against themwould be wrong; but if, on the other hand, it bewrong to fight in defense of our own rights, stillmore must it be wrong to fight against the no lesssacred and precious rights of other men. right wrong 11. Resolved, that while the Constitution requiresus to go, 'at the bidding of any slave State, and suppressby force any effort of the slaves to will libertyby violence, we have no right to promise, and willnot promise support and obedience to that Constitution. 12. Resolved, That as we have no right to grantpeculiar privileges to evil doers on account of theirevil-doing, and in proportion to its extent, we cannotrightfully invent the slaveholder with politicalpower in proportion to the number of his slaves; andtherefore we cannot rightfully sustain, or promise tosustain, the Constitution, while it gives the slaveStates a representation in Congress for three-fifthsof the slaves. 13. Resolved, that if each individual is morallybound to refuse his help to the recapture of runwaysfrom slavery, and to the forcible suppressionof slave insurrections for freedom, and to the givingof polities power to the whole community, made up ofthese individuals, is equally bound to take the same position. 14. Resolved, That to take this position is torenounce allegiance to the Constitution, to with drawfrom the present existing American Union with Slaveholders. Mr. PILLSBURY remarked that he was highlypleased with the resolutions of the Committee, butshould read his resolution, as a conclusion of thewhole matter. It was as follows: Resolved, that among all the agencies andinstrumentalities whose professed object is the overthrowof slavery, none has entitled it self to the fullco-operation and support of the people, but the AmericanAnti-Slavery Society, and its organized or individualauxiliaries. None other can claim to bebased upon immutable principles. None other hasmaintained inviolate even the principles on which itset out; and none other stands out to-day before theworld clear in its doctrines as the sun, fair in its fidelityto those doctrines as the moon, and terrible in itsrighteous demands upon, and rebukes of the tyrantas an any with banners. And as such, it, and itonly, is worth the regard, the cordial sympathy andsupport of every lover of Humanity and Man. Mr. FOSTER. moved that this resolution be takenup for discussion. He liked it better, for it coveredthe whole ground. To his mind, all who arefriends to the slave ought to a green in the support ofthis Society, on this principle, that the great worktube done was to revolutionize public sentiment bythe power of truth. If the proposition of the resolutionbe true, we are agreed. It was dle, at thehonest, to settle this question. He desired to hear thereasons why all did not support the Society; hewanted they should convert him to their views, orelse be converted to his own.  Mr. THOMAS moved that the discussion of thequestion between the anti- Slavery party and theLiberty Party open At the commandment of thesection, The Liberty Party would be represented bytheir champion, Garret Banish, and the other reanimationmay be represented by whoever theychoose. They have throw down the challenge; wescoped it. He derived to have all thing done withfairness and order. Mr. REMOND hoped the amendment ofMr. Thomas would not prepaid. if this is the questionof question, so far as this Correction is conserved,it ought to be first on the list, or we will be liable tolone proctors time. I do not subscribed on this oneside, or question the other. He was opposed tohaving chosen champions to discuss the question. Mr. FOSTER rapeseed his ides, that the firstquestion was, 'the integrity of the American Anti-Slaverysociety' — whether it was the true anti- slavevery instrumentality. He were on to remark, thatit was not proper to indicate champions. He didnot like championship— it was a good word forpartisans; for those who represent others; but no mancould represent him. He had objections to the FreeSoil Party, the Liberty Party, the Democratic andthe Whig Party. Mr. BURLEIGH said every man should come forwardas his own champion. There were probably ahundred here who on some points different. He wasin favor of discussing monument this evening, and theConstitutional question to-narrow. Mr. WARD remarked that the fan had over thematter of championship was all very well, and woulddo then good. It was merely prospered, on the partof the Liberty Party, that Mr. Swath should asrosette their views. the friends of the Anti-SlaverySociety would conduct it as they should was it. Mr. GERRIT SMITH would say single word.He was opposed to the American Anti-Slavery Society,for that Society hold to the opinion that theAmerican Constitution was a pro-slavery instrumentHence a discussion by him of the resolution offeredby Mr. Pillsbury would involve the discussion of theconstitutional question; and that he should certainlyprefer to discuss to-morrow. There were topicsenough for to-night; he would like to hear manygentlemen open the sham churches of America;there were topics to occupy our attention thisevening. Mr. FOSTER said the wishes of Mr. snitch, tenthis particular, were his wishes. It was finally a greed, that the various topics in theresolutions, not embracing the constitutional question,should be taken up this evening. Adjourned to 6 1-2 o'clock. FIRST DAY — EVENING SESSION. The President read the balance of the Report of theBusiness Committee, and also the resolutionoffered by Mr. Pillsbury, and asked for the order of theConvention. Mr. BURLEIGH moved that the Convention takeup the 6th and 7th resolutions. Mr. B. said he would also read the followingresolution, handed to the Business Committee, and moveits adoption:— Resolved, That we cannot look towards the apicalof our country without saving these two aceincarcerated in the United States Courts, for having donewhat every lover of liberty and humanity angst to dowhenever opportunity offers, to wit, helped a numberof fellow- men in their endeavor to escape fromslavery; and that we ought to feel the chain whichbinds them around our own limbs, and straggle withthem and for them until they are set at liberty. The meeting was addressed with great energy andpower by Mr. Burleigh, C.L. Remind, and S.S.Foster. Some remarks were also made by the Rev.Calvin Fairbanks. SECOND DAY — MORNING SESSION. The PRESIDENT announced that the resolutionswere in order. Mr. BURLEIGH opened the discussion. He saidit was their duty to do so, as having the affirmative.He would give some of the reasons why he,and those who thought with him, condemn theConstitution, and take their position outside the governmentWe say the government is wrong. We say that the slavehas a right to escape; that the master has no rightto detain or retake him; and that no one else has aright to do that which the master has no right to-do. We believed the Constitution does require that weaid in the reclamation of the fugitive slave, if weacknowledge the rightfulness of the government. Our friend (Mr. Smith) and others would say withme, that if the Constitution required this, it would beour duty to trample it under foot. If we take the terms of the Constitution, 'law,''held to service,' and 'labor,' in the understood andpopular sense, we must take the ground that we areby the Constitution bound to give up fugitive slaves.We are to act on what is believed by the parties tobe law. Parties agree to what tiny believed they agreeto. He illustrated it in this way: A man goes to thecity of Network, and goes through the streets, crying,' Mud for sale.' A man goes up and looks atthe content of the tub, and find sit contains goodthe contents of the tub, and finds it canting goodmany cents per pound. He gave the man tounderstand, by the sight of the honey on the top of thetub, that he meant good honey, when he cried 'mudfor sale,' and he was bound to deliver good honey,for that was the article which his acts and the otherman's eyes led the purchaser to suppose he hadpurchased. believed suppose At the time of the Dorr rebellion, the fact thatthe government of Rhode Island called up on thegeneral government, brought the U.S. force to theirsupport. The fact that the South have representatives ofslave property makes them legislators for us. I cannothave them legislate for me. Our doctrine is, 'No urban with there holders.' Any one who adopts the conclusions we do, inreference to fugitive slaves, insurgent slams, and inreference to slavery generally, must adopt our conclusion— No union with slaveholders.' No union with slaveholders. If you think the Constitution is anti – slavery, youhave already dissolved with slaveholders. They knowof ho already government; and my friends solvents,Thomas, and others, are out of a union with slaveholders,as much as I am. GERRIT SMITH replied: I my, with the celebratedGrecian, 'Strike, but hear me.' I should beforeyou as the representative of the Liberty Party.Do not condors our party till you hear. It wasconferred last evening prematurely. I can accusermy friend Foster. Mr. FOSTER said it was not true he had trespassedupon the agreement. [The matter was waived for the present— Mr. Smithnot desiring to be interrupted.] Mr. SMITH: I wish to have it understood, that Igive no connect to any interruption. I respect, thatthe agreement of yesterday was violated least evening,by my friend Mr. Foster, in his reference to the libertyParty and the Constitution. The Liberty Party was organized take years ago,on the principle that A MAN IS A MAN. WeWheat on for for live or six years, never dressing ofrotting with any man who did not agree with as,At length, in an unhappy hour, when our numbersreached 70,000, many of our men were impactionfor more rapid progress, and Joss P. Halls wenumbered for the Presidency — and Gee sell, andBrinkley, and G, and all, were passed by — andit was every for there these to slides into the supportsof \martin Van Burne or John A. Dix, or any otherrevisers of the most sneered rights of men. Mr. Festerridiculed us for the couture's of these men whohere slandered us. Was this just? The time was,when Truth was never no glassiness on where reducedto one, in the persons of our Lard Levees Christ's, onthe cross, when his disciples had bad.  What is the objection to the Liberty Party? Whatis it? Is it that that party were for civil ruler?May it not rate for civil rulers? No; not under theConstitution. But I hold that we bright vote farcivil rulers, sure if these were no Federal Constriction.The right to rote for civil rules sever ides allhuman constitutions and all human arrangements— itis a God-derived right. I go to the path with any brighter, and we electa good and human man. He is asked to sigh apaper, made sometimes ago, anything the existence ofa God, He consist is a but is be not banned toenter upon his office? We are bound to do all wecan to maintain a righteous civil government. Whateverrespect we may own to our dead fathers, weshould pay more respect to our living salves, and tothe living God. A man is elected President, who does not believeit's the justice of the Constitution, and would nota wear to support it; yet we would require that heTake his seat, and discharge his dug ion. I dandy theright of former generation to control are action oropinions. Suppose Wm. Goodell were elected President,and should wear to support the Constitution, andthen devote all his energies to the overthrow of slavery—ishe to be called a perjured by the Liberatorand the Anti-Slavery Standard? These is the mannerof those primers. Until this system is disposedwith, there can be no fraternal same upon one platform—theremost be some respect for the integrityof those whop differ from on. A prominent doctrine of the Anti- Slavery Societyis, 'No union with Slaveholders.' I am opposed tomemorials and ecclesiastical union with them. I amdo not use the products of slave labor. The personsall about here know that I am opposed to ecclesiasticalunion. But we are told we must not havepolitical union. But this is impracticable. It cannotbe done. it is an absurdity, and the most extraordinaryhumbug of the day. As well might a man andwife who did not agree, undertake no longer to beman and wife. It is objected, that we are to sit is Congress by theside of slaveholders. Suppose you, and brothersBurleigh and Foster, and my self, were elected toCongress, and we were to take our seats. Slaveholderswere elected, and came to take their saltsby our side. Brothers Foster and Burleigh wouldrun. Is that the way? Is that the Bible doctrine?When the sons of God were collected, and 'Satedcame also,' did the some of god that away? Not atall: it was Satan who went out. Am I to desert myduty, because a rascal comes and takes his seat besidesme! Truth should never retreat from error.It is the error that comes amongst as, and it mustwalk away, not us. Another objection to the Party is, that theybelieve the Constitution is anti-slavery. WilliamsLloyd Garrison believed so a few years ago. He hasundergone a change— for the worse, I think. Ibelieve him honest, and that he answers his conscience;but there is one thing wrong about him— be is intolerant.He says of me— 'Gerri Switch efforts to believethe Constitution anti-slavery.' This is allwrong. I hold that the Constitution is anti-slavery. Forthis reason: In point of that, no legal instrumentcan be pro-slavery. Brother Burleigh used to thinkso, and I used to love to hear his talk; but he haschange, however. I am a man of change. he whois opposed to change is a conservative, as emery ofprogress. law is for the protection of rights, not for thedestruction of rights. Murder is not no much thedestruction of rights as slavery. Law is simply the ruleor requirement of natural justice. To indent lawwith injustice is a mouton absurdity. It is to confoundright with wrong; and this accounts for theconfused notions of the character and obligations oflaw. Until men come to regard law only as commandingwhat is right, and prohibiting only what is wrong,law will never be respected. These views utterly negate the idea that slaverycan be legalized. the constitution cannot be pro-slavery, onaccount of the restrictions which its framers imposedupon them selves when framing it. I cannot bedislodged here. a few men there wished to have many thingsinserted in favor of slavery, but found they could not.That convention unanimously — O, listen to mehere! — struck out the slave, and substituted' service,' which applied to the condition of the freeman.They had to hear Madison say, that the Constitutionmust NOT RECOGNIZE PROPERTY INMAN. I hold that to gee slavery in that Constitutionwas wholly impracticable. For the advocates ofslavery to gt it in under such circumstances wouldbe to circumvent 'Old Nick' himself. You might aswell attempt to build a fire in the see, in the languageof Shakespeare— ' To talk of life and amity,'Twixt snow and fire.'  The Constitution is either for slavery or againstslavery. If a portion is for slavery, and a portionfor liberty, the legal rule is, that the portion for slaveryis to be thrown out. The rule is, that error isto retreat before truth. The Supernal Court of theUnited States expressly decides, that where rightsare overthrown, unless the instant ion is perfectly clear,expressed in unmistakable terms, those fights are notoverthrown. the slavery character of the Constitutionis not sop expressed, and cannot be maintained. Mr. BURLEIGH answered several personal alterations,and went on to say, that his political time optdemarcation was not Mason and Danice's line, butwas defined by those who were the supporters andabettors of slavery. In reference to the visit of Satan,he would say, that Satan get what he wentas. URLEIGH Mr. Smith asks us, what harms to believe the Constitutionanti-slavery? It is not far him to ask anyman, what harm to support as error, if it be such. He amines that that cannot be law which tramplesupon right. With that definition, it is plainthat the Constitution is pro-slavery; in other words,that it is an illegal Constitution. A law is a contractbetween portion, and must be maintained accordingto its terms. Mr. B. went on and examinedthe origin and nature of law. Mr. B. referred to the maintained vote in theConvention which framed the Constitution, to substitute'services' for 'servitude,' as conclusive that the fewwho were favoring slavery were satisfied theyrecurred the thing desired by them. Janis Madison was referred to, He said that theConstitution is better for the slaveholders than theConfederation; for the Constitution allows the slaveholdersto close their many way salvers to the freeStates, which the Confidence nation did not. It was blessed should at the time of the formationof the Constriction, that they were to have thefight to reclaim fugitive slaves, to port down slaveinsurrection, and they were to  to legislation bythe representative of slave property.  
