 In the U.S. House of Representatives, the otherday, Mr. Scheck, of Ohio, in a speech in defense ofMr. Winthrop and the Whig party, and animadvertingon the course pursued by Mr. Giddings and hisassociates, said— My colleague, and his little company of Purists,have not been alone in their position as disorganizesand impracticable. Fanaticism and intolerancehave not been confined to the North. We have hadflinations about disunion here, also, from theSouthern sky. Some honorable gentlemen, fromcertain of the slate States, have found occasion,because their demand for pledges, in advance, as tothe course of legislation, could not be gratified, tomake this hall resound with menaces and warnings.I was sorry to hear distinguished gentlemen declare,that they had rather put an end to this Union thanto have what they choose to consider the present,condition of things continue. But I have not beenalarmed it such threats. Precedent for speechesof that sort may be found else where; proving nothing,however, but the truth of the old adage, that'extremes meet'. I will read, for example, from onewhich I have now in my hand. Hear this orator ofanother arena:  We confess that we intend to example under foot theConstitution of this country; we call upon you to dolike wise. Shell I tell you why; you can never makea revolution in this matter, until you unmake the commonsense and the consciences of the people superiorto their statute books; until you arraign against thedepiction of the majority, the conscientious convictionsof the mass of the minority, whatever it be.' Do gentlemen around recognize that language?Can they tell from what latitude, from which sideof mason and Dixon's line, it comes? Does it notwound very like something we listened to lately,mired in eloquent and impassioned words fromGeorgia? Is not that denunciation of the despot ionof the majority over the minority, which must beresisted, almost identical with what was declared byan honorable member from Alabama? But let usread further: Daniel Webster says, you bare a law-abiding people;that the glory of New England is, that it is alaw attuning community. Shame on it, if this betrue; if even the religion of New England sinks aslaw as its statute book. But I say, we are not a landingcommunity. God be thanked for it!' we are not a landingcommunity. God be thanked for it That is the error of American politics. We haveforced the Democratize party out of the field, theoriginal ally of the slave power. We have sent the Whigsinto an alliance with Southern slaveholders. It isa natural alliance. It is the Lords of the lash andthe Lords of the loom associated. It is the capitalof the country and the conservatism of the countryagainst the ideas of the country.' A, sir, that allusion to New England betrays thelocality, which but for that it might have been difficultto determine. These extracts are from thespeech of Mr. Wendell Phillips, of Boston, made atan anti-slavery meeting held in that cite one day lastMay; and the account I have of the proceedingsthere, termites a series of resolutions to 'match'.Does not this sound very much like nullification? Mr. Giddings inquired, if the gentleman calledMr. Phillips free Soiled? Mr. Scheck—I have supposed he was. He isperhaps what is called in Massachusetts 'aconscience Whig,; at least, he belongs to the categoryof those men who require the majority to come tothe minority, and who require the majority to come to the minority,and who declare, if they do not, 'Letdisunion come, and disorder reign forever!' TheWhig party are charged by this Mr. Phillips asbelonging to the 'conservation of the country.' Sir, Iaccept the epithet; it is not odious to me. Let usbe the conservatives of the country. Coming fromthe North and the South, representing every sectionalinterest, but with a wise and honest toleration ofthese differences, let us act together for the generalgood, and for the maintenance of the just rights ofthe whole. Let us stand firmly in defense of theUnion, come the assault from whatever direction itmay. I, for one, as far as my feeble power may go,declare it to be my determination to be ever readyto maintain these common rights and common interests,here and elsewhere, as citizen and a representative,wherever my hand, or my voice, or my votecan do it, against all impractical men, disorganizesor disunions, whether they be of the Northor the South. The only good thing in Mr. Schenck's haranguewas the extract he read from the more than patriotic,the morally sublime speech of Wendell Phillips. 
