 The Resolutions on the Church being under consideration, Mr. Foss said, I feel it in my heart to respond to theresolutions now before the meeting. I have long feltan earnest interest in the cause which has brought youtogether in this place. When the anti-slavery call wasfirst sounded, I rejoiced to hear it. I was then favorableto the colonization scheme, for I supposed it to bebeneficial to the colored man. A friend brought me abook, of which you have all heard,—the 'Thoughts onColonization.' I read it with great attention and interest,and I was deeply impressed with the facts and argumentsit presented. Soon after that, an agent of theColonization Society came to the town where I was settledin the ministry, and asked me to grant him theuse of my pulpit, on the Sunday following, that hemight advocate that Society's plans, and obtain someaid for them. I told him that my mind had becomevery much changed about that Society; but he shouldhave the pulpit, and I would take fifteen minutesafter be was done, and give my views of the question.He declined my terms, and I considered him wisein doing so. From that time, I espoused the anti-slavery cause.The first sermon which I preached to my people on thesubject was in 1833. I wrote it with great interest, andI expected it would produce an effect, and bring manyto take a decided anti-slavery stand. I expected theChurch would take up the subject, and apply herstrength to the work; and I never expected that a questioncould be raised of such immense Christian importance.I was young too, and ambitious. I wantedto do something which would honor God, and not discreditmyself. I felt that the man who should first startthis cause in New Hampshire, would be an honored man;and as I had not heard of any one else doing it, I longedto bo that man. I applied myself, therefore, to thepreparation of that sermon with unusual seal. I putinto it a great many facts and statistics out of Mr. Garrison'sbook,—told how many slaves there were in thecountry—how fast they had increased, and went overthe whole subject, so far as I had informed myself. Icould hardly wait for the bell to stop ringing on theSunday when I was going to preach it; I could hardlywait for the singers to get through, and I only gave outthree verses to be sung. I had a large audience too,and many came in from the other churches, when it wasfound what I was preaching about. Very soon, aCommittee of the Church waited upon me; I was alsovisited by one judge and two lawyers. What do youthink they came to say to me? To thank me for my eloquentdiscourse, and ask a copy for the press? I expectedthat, sir;—but, no! it was no such thing at all.They came to tell me that I must shut up my head,—thatI must stop this agitation! I told them that Ihadn't expected things would take such a turn as that;that I was surprised at what they said; that I expectedto be wefl-sustained, and to be popular in the position Ihad taken. But my hand was in, I told them, and Iwouldn't back out. I knew where I stood, and I wasdetermined to stand firm. And I have stood my ground.Every year, from that time to this, I have brought forwardthe anti-slavery question in our Baptist religiousmeetings, anniversaries, &c. I have pat in an anti-slaveryresolution,—worked it in, crowded it in, anywhere,as the rules would allow. And for doing it, Ihave been regarded asa disturber of the church's peace,and a troubler of our Israel I have been repulsed—the cause has been defeated, constantly, yew after year.Once I had great hope in the Church. Now that hopehas utterly failed, and gone forever. Sir, this has beenmy experience,.and for the truth of what I am going tosay, I appeal to my friend Hutchins hen, who has longbeen an elder m tho Baptist body;—I have never knowone minister, who has advocated tha anti-slaveyr cause,but has lost caste, and fallen into disesteem by doing so!I have never known one, who has apologized for thethe slave system, fraternized with slaveholders, admittedthem into his pulpit, and denounced the anti-slaveryagiation but has both retained and greatly increased hispower and his popularity in the Church by so doing! shut up my head, stop this agitation! lost caste, At an anniversary meeting of the American BaptistHome Missionary Society, I Introduced a. resolutionagainst employing any slaveholding missionaries.Deacon Lincoln of this city was the presiding officer. Iadvocated it with all my power. I had reason to believethat a deep impression had been made; I thought itwas certainly going to be carried. A prominent brotherarose, said it was a solemn and important subject,and moved that we spend an hour in prayer! Ithen did the most unpopular thing I ever did in mylife—I opposed the prayer! I objected to stopping ourwork, and going to praying! We didn't need prayerthen. I told them that I read in the Bible, that when thechildren of Israel were hemmed in' at the Bed Sea,and were hard pursued by the Egyptians, they criedout to the Lord, And God said, stop that cry! and hecommanded Moses to speak to the children of Israel,that they go forward! Also, I said that I regarded it aslittle short of blasphemy for us to ask God whetherwe ought to adopt such a resolution as the one beforeus. (Hear.) If they would pass the resolution, Iwould then pray with them as long as they pleased.But they voted me down, and voted the prayer.I told them, however, that I could not jointhem in their prayer. They prayed the hour out. Dea.Lincoln called first on this man, then on that— Deaconthis, and Esquire that, and General the other, to leadin prayer; taking cars to call on those opposed to theresolution; and at the end of the hour, the anti-slaveryfeeling of the meeting had all gone down, further than thesun went back on the dial of Ahab. Then they took up theresolution—rejected it—and went on employing slaveholders the same as before. Again and again, Sir, havewe been very near to an anti-slavery triumph, but wehave always been defeated by this sort of management spend an hour in prayer! stop that cry! that they go forward! pass the resolution, Once, Sir, I should have thought your resolutions fartoo strong for me—too strong for the truth. But now,after seventeen years close and constant experienceof the churches, of the manner in which things are done,and the influences which govern them, I have not a wordof dissent to utter; but I accord with those resolutionsmost entirely. I am satisfied they speak the truth.They say, and I say, that there churches are a loathingand abhorrence. It is just so, also, with the Bible, Tract, and SundaySchool Societies; all of them indifferent, unfeeling towardsths slave's sufferings, debasement, and wrongs.They are engaged is serving God, and so busy thatthey can't think of their oppressed neighbor, fallenamong thieves, wounded, and half-dead. They seeGod in heaven; they see the Redeemer at his righthand; they see him crowned, glorified, exalted; but theydon't see him, they won't see him in the slave, in poor,oppressed, bleeding humanity. Once, at a Bible Society meeting, I was objecting toreceiving contributions from slaveholders and slave-holdingchurches. A friend of the Bible Societyreplied, that he admitted the connection of the Societywith slavery, but said that the price of theslave would make just as good a Bible as any othermoney. I replied, Brethren, suppose you shouldtake a slave up into your Society's rooms, and therekill him, draw out his blood, dip your types in it, andprint your Bible in red; then, that you should take offhis skin, and make of it a binding for your Bible, inblack. The Bible would contain just the very wordswhich your Bible now contains; but would you sendout such a book?—would you circulate it as the wordof God? No! No! No! came from the laity in themeeting. But what are you doing now, brethren?You are taking the very wages of unpaid toil, extortedunder the lash from the bleeding bodies of menand women, and printing your Bibles, with them;—andwhat is the difference? But it was of no effect from the laity Now, my friends, as I told you before, I hope nothingfor the slave from the American churches and religiousorganizations, They have forsaken Christ and his law.I mean to labor for the slave outside of them. I will devote myself to the anti-slavery cause while I live, andwhen I die, I hope to fill an anti-slavery grave! [This sketch does imperfect justice to Mr. Foss's animatedremarks, which were listened to with the deepestinterest—so true were they to the anti-slavery experienceof hundreds present]—Sec. Sec. 
