 MR PRESIDENT: R RESIDENT: I am not sure that I fully understand the terms ofthe resolutions under discussion, for I have not beard,but only infer them. But I know this, that I' standhere to endorse any resolution which looks to increasingthe means of this Society, and enlarging the sphere ofits operations. Thus definitely and heartily I can statemy position on that point, and then pass to wider considerations. I have heard that when a man speaks for the firsttime in Faneuil Hall, he commonly begins by apostrophizedthe pictured dead, and then turning to the audiencebefore him; his speech thus serving to illustrate,first tbe greatness of the departed, sad then, perhaps,the littleness of the living. But when one stands firstin this Anti-Slavery Convention, the impulse is to beginby bearing a like testimony to those present on theplatform, not in picture, but in person; the strong menand women who taught the first anti-slavery lessons tous, so that we bow venture to stand when they stood.The men and women who have kept whole among usThe apostolic succession of moral courage, and havetaught their most powerful opponents what the FrenchMarshal learned from the Arabs, that' there are peoplewith whom peace cannot be purchased by victory.' But I am not been to speak of persons. Nay, as aman once said to Dr. Johnson, 'Sir, I am not going tocompliment myself by saying how much I admire yearbook '; so I will not compliment myself by showing thatI appreciate my elders and betters upon this platform.Besides, our interest is in the work they are doing. .Nay, I believe that were all these elder leaders to benow, by some stern providence, struck away, it wouldscarcely mar the progress of anti-slavery sentiment, sointense would be the new sense of responsibility thusinfused into their pupils. So when a forest in cutdown, there follows a more vigorus growth in theyoung wood beneath, from the soil enriched by the longdroppings from the elder trees. myself myself There has never been a time or place, I believe, in"all history when the intellects and hearts of young menwere so deeply imbued with a moral purpose, as hereand now. It is to this knowledge that the long laborersin this warfare are to look for their reward. They mayturn away to this from the selfishness and compromisingof elder men. To this they can trust their reputation.It has been said that fame is sure to follow wherethere is any real greatness; that fame to indeed but theshadow of greatness, and that for any man who hasdone well to doubt about his reputation following him,is as absurd as for a man to run about tbe streets lookingand wondering lest something happen to his shadow.The shadow cannot be lost when the substancesurvives. Clouds may obscure it for a time, bat it comesforth again. Nay, sometimes the shadow seems so longin appearing, that we an reminded of the story of thatbackwoodsman of Kentucky, who ran so fast that heoften distanced his shadow, which, long hours after hehad got home and was quietly reposing, would be seenhastily following him into the cabin. So it will yet bewith some who stand near me. When they are restingfrom the fatigues of their earnest and life-long struggle,their shadow will follow them, if it does not come before.Fame is sure, though it is sometimes sadly slow. Fameis sun, though it to often left for the next generation todiscover it. But I have said that I should speak on agitation, andnot of agitators. I understand that it is the intentionof this Society to make an effort to obtain a largeincrease of funds, in order to be able to make moreelaborate efforts to toy before the nation its sins and itsduties That agitation is destined to go on, whetheryou give the funds or not; but you can do much to accelerateit. We have tbis problem before us, whethernow, while there is uprising all over the land a deeperanti-slavery sentiment than ever before—deeper, thoughit may not be so loud—we should relax our efforts, andsuffer the progress to slacken? It is not for us to controlagitation; it is slavery which creates it, and notthe Anti-Slavery Society. While slavery exists, theagitation will go on. Its foundations are laid deeperthan any poor plans of ours. All history shows butone long agitation on the part of truth and right, opposedby one wrong or another, by one conservatism oranother. Each age has predicted that the next wouldbe better, and each age has found itself justified in thatprediction, for the next age has always been better.The work can not stop with us. There is but one enginewhich can be brought to bear with any force againstagitation, and that is an engine which reacts on itself.I remember, in that sad and stern time—which some ofus have good reason to remember—when Thomas Simswas led, a surrendered fugitive, through the streets ofthis selfish city, that I once met Theodore Parker, andtold him that only one thing further was needed—thathe should be arrested for assisting a fugitive to escape,and fined a thousand dollars, and imprisoned sixmonths; and that with this we could revolutionizeMassachusetts first, and then the nation; and he repliedthat he wat ready. (Great cheering.) he repliedthat he wat ready. This is what I mean by the one engine of despotism,which reacts upon itself. Daniel Webster said at Salem,in that memorable trial, 'There is no escape fromconfession to one who has committed a crime. Then isno escape from confession but suicide, and suicide isconfession.' So I say now, that in this anti-slaverycause, or in any moral cause, there is no refuge fromagitation but chains and dungeons, and chains anddungeons are agitation. (Loud applause.) are We have now got our fee within our reach. Wehave passed through the time of idle indifference, whenmen asked, 'What have we to do with slavery?' Ihave not heard that question for four years. Thestealthy procession which led Thomas Sims down Statestreet suppressed that question for ever. Slavery hasmarched from the Carolinas to Philadelphia, from 'Philadelphiato New York, from New York to Boston, andnow sits enthroned in 8tate street, and we have got itat arm's length. That is where we an stronger thanbefore. The first condition of victory is to have theopponent within reach. When men understand thatthey an not battling with evils in Georgia, or Mississippi,or Virginia, or even in Delaware, but close amongus; not with a distant institution, but with the moneypower of the city and the conservative power in theState, then they will be strong, then they will take theirposition, and do their work. And it is this convictionwhich is rousing men to a nobler conflict than any inwhich they have yet engaged. I use warlike phrases, for the conflict with sin is aperpetual death-grapple. But we make some improvementin weapons from age to age. We fight no longerwith bayonets and bullets. We have melted all ourlead into types for 'Uncle Tom's Cabin.' Men said,'Let this agitation be suppressed!' and Liberty answeredwith fifty thousand copies of that book. They saidagain, 'Let it be suppressed!' and the answer was,' Alittle more grape!' and a hundred thousand copiesmore were sent into the homes and hearts of the people.Another hundred thousand, and we shall hear little man oeuvresevery year, and fix their trifling plans to introduceinto their party a little more anti-slavery than a yearbefore, or a little less; and their stratagems go on, likea body of ants laboring at their little hillock—andlook! there stands the great sun above them, and whatare all their petty plans to that? that The earth rolls on. It takes with it the conservatismof the age and the reform sentiment of the age.In each generation, the conservative stands where thereformer of the last generation stood; and still theearth rolls, on. The Slave Power tries, from time totime, to bribe the anti-slavery sentiment of the Northwith the glittering bauble of the Presidency, as the sovereignof Venice tries to wed the ocean with a gold ring;but I have never heard that the heaving waves of theAdriatic grew any calmer for those golden nuptials,nor do I see that any stronger influence will followhere and now. This work of agitation is destined to go on, and howludicrously idle are the efforts of the Slave Power tosuppress it, by the introduction of resolutions into theNational Whig and Democratic Conventions!. Whathad they to do with the agitation of the anti-slaveryquestion? Surely, they had few sins to repent of—save,perhaps, here in Massachusetts. What is it to the anti-slaverymovement whether Whig and Democraticparties take this or that position on the subject? Whatidle folly for the Slave Power to hope any thing bygoing there! It should have sought a different spot forits activities. It should have gone West, to a differentNational Convention. It should have gone where thosestrong men met at Pittsburgh,—strong in moral purpose,though not, perhaps, conforming to your standardin all their plans, since they, like myself, belief voting.It should have suppressed the Free Democracyin its Convention first, if it wished to accomplishany thing. It should have passed on to Ohio, andsought to see what it could do in suppressing agitationthere, on that rich soil, the natural home of freedom,where our New England men, Garrison, Hale, parker,have counted their audiences by thousands, and gonefrom town to town, as Kossuth went through Hungary, 'sowing sentences and reaping men!' Yes, the SlavePower should have suppressed the Western Reserve.It should have come on through New York, (if it hadno time to go further West,) and stopped at Rochesterto suppress Frederick Douglass—the tongue of thisgreat nation of three million enslaved Africans'. Itshould have stopped at Syracuse, and called on the menwho rescued Jerry, and who dropped the United StatesMarshal out of a two-story window! It should havevisited Gerrit Smith, and inquired if he had a fewthousand dollars left to be confiscated by its legalizedrobbery! It should have gone, step by step, throughthe Western and Middle States, trying to suppress agitationas it passed. And if we suppose it to have doneall this, it has done nothing; for it hat not touchedMassachusetts! The Slave Power must come a littlefurther. It must come to Worcester, and see one ofthose great assemblages of freemen that I have seen,more than once, assembled in their City Hall,—the second' Cradle of Liberty,' for it received George Thompsonwhen the first one rocked him oat (Great cheering.)It should come and see this great audience, as I seeyou, and read in your faces that there is something feltin Massachusetts besides baseness and compromise. Itmust come to this Convention, the birth-place (of allthis pestilent spirit of Liberty; and, if it really wishesto suppress the American eagle, and all the heroic attributesit represents, and substitute the obscene andrapacious bird of Southern climes—if it really seeks todo this, it must come hen, and suppress the young eaglesin their nest;—and they look to me as if theywould die hard. (Cheers.) tongue for it hat not touchedMassachusetts! We have something else to think of than these idleefforts. It may be that here and then a weak spirit isfound that cannot stand against the world, the fleshand the devil; but such weak spirits full, and an soonforgotten. We may deplore when a Van Buren remembersthat his anti-slavery principle to too young to bearthe trials of life, and might as well, perhaps, have beendrowned before its eyes were open; we may feel sadwhen a Stanton proves that his anti-slavery principlewas born too early, perhaps, and has grown superannuatedand weak; we may mourn—how deeply I dare notattempt to say—when a greater than these boss in thedust the most majestic head that Massachusetts Or Americaever saw; but what an these things, compared tothe work we have to do? How transiently do they affectthe anti-slavery agitation, or the duties that rest upon us!Said Napoleon, upon that stern battle-field,when they told him that his bravest leaders were fallingbefore the destructive fire of the enemy—' We areall lost,' said they; 'the generals are being struckdown; Berthier is fallen, and La Harpe is fallen; weare an in despair; what shall we do?' 'Is then anybody left alive?' 'Yes.' 'Then onward! onward!onward!' Is then any body left alive among us?Then onward, as if even WEBSTER were with us still!(Loud cheers.) EBSTER It may be that great men have fallen;but greater than they have fallen in times past. Well says the poet— Still lives the song, though Regular dies. 'Still lives the great heart of humanity, and still throbson with the same mighty impulses, though a hundredWebsters,, aad a thousand Van Burens, and a millionStantons may silence the beating of theirs for ever.There is work still left for us to do; and this all the. brave man needs to know. All over the nation, thespirit is aroused that leads men to do this work.It shows itself in the softening of tbe prejudices amonganti-slavery men themselves; in a willingness to cooperatewith those who differ from them in tbe details oftheir plans. Free Soilers see that the disunion abolitionist goesin the right direction, even though forthem, he goes too far. The disunion abolitionist seesthat the Free Soiler goes in the right direction, thesame with himself, even if he does not go far enough.When I read tbe other day that Henry Ward Beecherhad subscribed for the Liberator, I felt that an era hadcome in the history of mankind; and when I heard aneighbor of mine, a good Orthodox deacon, and a worthyand excellent man, say that there ought to be fiftyTheodore Parkers instead of one, I felt as if the believersin the Second Advent doctrine were not so wholly deludedas I had hastily supposed. (Cheers and laughter.) Liberator, I assert again, that the earth turns round. Thisanti-slavery movement is doing more than any influencehas yet done for us, in reconciling sectarian animositiesand clearing narrow prejudices away. Men who workside by side for the slave, cannot long condemn eachother to everlasting fire for errors in theology. I thinkwe should regard the anti-slavery agitation as a kindof solemn sacrament It needs the courage and love ofangels so to trouble these waters, that the full benefitof healing may come oat of them. Meanwhile, every man who has any remains of consciencein him, to so far, indirectly or directly, consciouslyor unconsciously, an anti-slavery man. Every goodact of a man's life is, so far, a protest against everyevil on the face of the earth. If there remain in a mana single thrill of generous impulse, there to the beginningof an abolitionist. Talk of inconsistency! manya man is saved by a few generous inconsistencies. Butwe mast believe in men first, before we can regeneratethem And the agitation must keep on. A moral evil needsmoral sentiment to overthrow it; and this only agitationcan sustain. What said the Spirit of God to theold prophet, when he mourned the sins and captivityof his people, as we do now? It did not say—' Do notwaste your influence;—it did not say, 'keep silence,for this thing is exciting;'—It did not say,' Find someit prudent citizen to cipher you out a plan of emancipation—makethe best compromise you can with Babylonand the Chaldean's—and keep clear of Jeremiah, for heuses hard words'! what said it. then? It said thisonly—'overturn—and overturn—and OVERTURN—tillhe shall come whose right it is to resign.' Even so smiththe spirit of the Lord to the children of this generationAmen.☞After reading the impressive and eloquent speecheswhich, occupy our first page. the following veracioussketch of the late anniversary in this city, from thatspecial organ of Pandemonium, and zealous defender ofthe American church, Bennett's Herald, will be foundsingularly edifying and remarkably characteristic:— influence plan overturn tillhe shall come whose right it is to resign.'  THE ABOLITION FANATICS OF MASSACHESETTE—ADESPERATE GAME.—From the proceeding, of theDate. Abolition Convention held in Boston, whichwe published Monday, our readers will have discoveredthe desperate straits to which the rabidfanatics of the Lloyd Garrison school have beendriven. Their platform has been reduced to twoplanks—hostility to Christianity and the Bible,and all possible assistance, in violation of the laws,to the escape of fugitive slaves. HE BOLITION ANATICS OF ASSACHESETTE ESPERATE AME. But to such rabid excess have these crazywretches Carried their impotent malignity, thatthey have tabooed John P. Hale, because he wascharged with being in favor of the erection of amonument to Henry Clay—they denounce CharlesSumner as being too amiable among the slaveholdersof the United States Senate; and they repudiateall those faithless abolitionists who wereweak enough to join in any of the public manifestationsof regret for the death of Daniel Webster.More than this—they are determined to strike atthe very root of the evil. They have determinedabolish the churches, of all denominations—toabolish the Bible—to abolish the principles ofChristianity which it inculcates; and to establisha new code of morals and religion, which shallrecognize the entire enormities of slavery, and theduty of all men and nil women of the North torally to the extermination of it by fire and sword.When this is accomplished, we presume the SouthernStates will be erected into an independentAfrican empire, like that of Hayti, with the completerecognition of the Abby Folsom doctrines ofa madgamation and woman's rights, in the Southand in the North. Such is the drift of the disgustingproceedings of the recent atrocious assemblageor crazy old women and desperate, disappointedabolition demagogues at Boston. The convention—a sort of annual summing up ofThe various abolition orgies of the year—standsAdjourned for a twelvemonth. It is manifest theyAre doing a losing business. Even in MassachusettsSuch miserable creatures as have figured for aDozen years past at these abolition conventicles,Are beginning to be regarded, at least in theAggregate, as a Public nuisance. The deluded victimsOf Garrison & Co., who have been supplyingTheir funds from year to year, no doubt suspect atLast that it does not pay, at the price, to supportSuch fellows for nothing, in exchange, but windy,filthy speeches, and the most bold-faced hypocrisyand humbug. Let their supplies be stopped altogether,and let them go to some honest calling.We trust that this will be the end of their abolitiontrickery and thimble-rigging. The abolitionists who met at the Melodeon havegot though and adjourned. I dropped in againon Friday, and heard an English gentleman namedLowe, a few minutes. In the course of his remarks,he came down upon Meager, the Irish orator,for what I could not very well understand.—Heclassed him with Kossuth and Father Mathew,Each having yielded to the influence of slavery.The most ridiculous thing about these antislaveryOrators of the Garrison School (to use aconvenient designation) is their determination thatevery man who professes to be a hater of oppression,shall join their snug little circle, speak atthe Convention and Bazaar, recognize them as theonly abolitionists in the land, and pay appropriatehomage to them in that capacity, be flattered bythem m return, (and this, by the way, is most importantof all,) or else be classed as chief amongthe worst oppressors in the land. The same squadgets together, year after year, and votes to dissolvethe Union. Their operations in this line remindme of the man who left in his will five pounds topay off the English National Debt. Every emigrantship which arrives at New York, every day'slirths throughout the country, brings more friendsof the Union than this whole company of Uniondissolvers. They keep their own Union inviolate.Garrison, the sturdy, persistent follower of hisglorious idea; Phillips, the eloquent orator, whomight be—oh, such a splendid politician! Pillsbury,the indefatigable traveller and worker, theevery-day sort of a man, who has the most forcibleway of talking of any in the whole lot, to my liking;Foster, an ass and a humbug; Parker, wholikes to go and make speeches, but has too much commonsense to follow all the vagaries of the others;Quincy, the elegant writer, the Beau Brummel ofReform; and Burleigh, who can prove by impregnablelogic that two and two are not four—all thesepeoples meet together, year after year, to makethemselves happy by puffing each other, and miserableby abusing every body else. I admire to hearthem, and have no doubt whatever that they havedone more than any other equal number of mentowards hastening the abolition of slavery, butdon't accede to their claim that they have doneall or that nobody else can do anything.—Bostoncorrespondent of the Lowell (Free Soil) American. lirths four Bostoncorrespondent of the Lowell (Free Soil) American. 
