 The Portsmouth (Va.) Transcript relates thefollowing, as strictly true:— A wealthy American merchant of the city ofNew Orleans, married a Creole lady of fortune,and with the estates and servants, there came intohis possession a mulatto seamstress and her daughter,a child of seven years. The gentleman wasso much struck with the extraordinary beauty ofthe child, which had the purest Italian featuresand complexion, that he resolved to save it fromthe life of degradation which was before it, andfree it and educate it. He sent her to a Northernschool, where she remained until her sixteenthyear—by all supposed to be a patrician Creolemaiden. She herself knew not to the contrary—soyoung was she when she went North. Beloved byall her companions, the idol of the institute, andcaressed by every one, she left to return South, asshe supposed to the 'roof of her uncle.' A youngLouisiana gentlemen, who had seen her in Philadelphia,and loved her, and was beloved by her,sought her hand on her return. The marriage daywas fixed, the day arrived. When the mother, whohad been long sold away in La Lurcher Interior,in order that she might never appear as a witnessagainst her child, re-appeared in the bridal hall,in the very hour after the ceremony had been performed,claimed the magnificent and now miserablebride as her own daughter—a bond slave by birth,and an African by blood! The scene, as describedby one who was present, surpasses the power ofpen to portray. That night the bridegroom, aftercharging the adopted father of his bride with hisgross deception, shot him through the body anddisappeared, carrying, no one knew whither, hisinfamy and his bitter sorrows. The next morningthe bride was found, a disfigured corpse, in thesuperb nuptial chamber which had been preparedfor her reception. She had taken poison! Education,a cultivated mind and taste. Which made hersee and understand how great was her degradation,now armed her hand with the ready means of death.The unhappy planter recovered from his wound,and removed to the North where he resides, buriedin the deepest seclusion, the residue of his yearsembittered by the keenest regrets. FACTS FOR MRS. STOWE.—The Paulding (Mississippi)Clarion, of a late date, gives us the followingedifying particulars: ACTS FOR RS. TOWE. On Thursday morning last, James Clark, a wellknown citizen of the county of Clark, made anassault upon his negro woman for a cause whichwe have not heard stated. He then ordered herinto a corner of the room, and commenced pitchinghis knife at her, point foremost. As the knifewould enter her flesh, he would compel his victimto draw it forth, and return it to him. Thisdemoniacal amusement was continued until theslave was covered with about fifty bleeding gashes!The same day he whipped his wife, cut her all overthe head with his knife, not dangerously, we understand,but in a mass of cruel and painful punctures!He also cut off her eyelids. This strange drama wound up on Friday last bythe commission of murder. Clark, on that day,ordered his wife to go and call Lewis (a negro,belonging to the family.)She obeyed, but theslave refused to come, through a dread of his enragedmaster, we suppose. Mrs. Clark returned,and was whipped by her husband for not bringingthe negro! Five times was she sent up on thiscapricious mission, five times was it fruitless, andeach time she was whipped for her failure! Clarkthen called to his slave, informing him that hewould shoot him next morning. The negro, itseems, did not heed the warning, for while splittingrails the next day, he was deliberately shot by hismaster. The wound was fatal; the negro ranabout three hundred yards, and fell in mortalagony. At Louisville, a gentleman took passage, havingwith him a family of blacks, husband, wife andchildren. The master was bound for Memphis,Tenn., at which place he intended to take all exceptthe man ashore. The latter was hand-cuffed,and although his master said nothing of his intention,the negro made up his mind from appearances,as well as from the remarks of those aroundhim, that he was destined for the Southern market.We reached Memphis during the night, and whilstwithin sight of the town, just before landing, thenegro caused his wife to divide their things, asthrough resigned to the tender separation, and thentaking a moment, when his master's back was turned,ran forward and jumped into the river. Ofcourse he sank, and his master was several hundreddollars poorer than a moment before.—CincinnatiGazette. CincinnatiGazette. SUICIDE BY DROWNING [AND SLAVE TRADING.]—Anegro woman belonging to Dempsey Weaver,Esq., jumped into the river, night before last, witha child in each arm, and all three were drowned.Owing to her misconduct, her master had threatenedto sell her, and she determined not to be sold.It is said that her husband had promised to endhis existence in the same way, at the same time,but did not do to.—Nashville (Tenn.) Gazette. UICIDE BY ROWNING AND LAVE RADING. Nashville Tenn. Gazette. A DROVE OF SLAVES.—A correspondent of theChillicothe Metropolis reports the steamer Hermanlying at Guyanese, Va., frozen in with eightyslaves aboard, chained two and two with a longchain between, similar to the manner in whichhorses are fastened for droving. He says that onone cold night, several of them had their ears andtoes frozen. The mate of the boat, Mr. NEWTON,threatened to raise a company to liberate them, unlessthey were placed in more comfortable quarters.The long chain was loosed, which allowed them togather around the stove. Their groans from theintense cold are said to have been pitiful. Theseslaves were bought up at Charleston, Va., for thesouthern market, and it is stated several hundredof their relatives and friends bade them a, lastfarewell at the shore as the boat left. ROVE OF LAVES. Metropolis Herman EWTON, 
