 In the Massachusetts House of Representatives, onMonday last, Mr. PRINCE, of Essex, offered the followingorder:— RINCE, 'That the Committee on the Judiciary be Instructedto report a resolve or series of resolves, containing anemphatic expression of disapproval (in behalf of thepeople of Massachusetts)of the discourtesy and superciliousnessevinced by the majority of United StatesSenate towards Hon. CHARLES SUMNER, one of the Senatorsfrom this Commonwealth, in the intentional exclusionof his name from the list of Standing Committeesof that body, for the alleged reason that he is not amember of a 'healthy political organization'; thusproscribing, for political opinions' sake, a gentleman,a scholar, a philanthropist, and [an enlightened and incorruptiblepatriot, and thus offering, virtually, an indignityto the State which sent him thither, and whichhe in part represents.' Laid over. HARLES UMNER, for the alleged reason that he is not amember of a 'healthy political organization'; In the House of Representatives on Tuesday last— The order of Mr. PRINCE, of Essex, relative to theexclusion of Hon. CHARIES SUMNER from the Committeesof the United States Senate, by reason of his politicalsentiments, was taken up; question on adoption. RINCE, HARIES UMNER Mr. PRINCE, of Essex, said that he had thought, atfirst, of embodying the substance of his order in theform of a resolve, which be should have presented directly,by leave of the House. But as this was not apolitical party affair, but a matter in which the peopleof the State were interested, irrespective of party,he concluded to ask that the action contemplated shouldbe reported by the Judiciary Committee, which, beingone of the most important committees of the House—themajority of which was composed of members differingfrom Mr. Sumner in political faith—would addweight to the resolve or resolves, should any be reported. RINCE, The circumstances attending the exclusion of Mr.Sumner and his Free Soil associates in the Senate fromall standing committees were very peculiar, and formeda most disgraceful precedent in party maneuveringat Washington. He did not complain that Mr. 8umnerwas left off the committees merely, but that he was leftoff for the reason assigned. He hoped that this, themain point of objection to the course of the majority ofthe U. 8. Senate, might not be disguised. He admittedthat, by established usage, the majority in any bodyhave a sort of right, or prerogative, to constitute committees,so that a majority of said committees shall beof their political faith; and it is not generally expected,were it possible, that every member of a legislativebody shall be honored with an appointment on a committee.But here is a remarkable, if not absolutelyunprecedented case, in which a man is intentionally excluded,for the alleged reason that he does not belongto a healthy political organization!—the majority deliberatelyratifying the decision of a special committeeofficially announced in the Senate, and in the face ofthe nation insolently dictating what parties are healthy,and what parties are unhealthy! Do Mr. Sumner's anti-slavery convictions and sympathiesunfit him to serve this State and the country oncommittees in whose action the interests of Massachusetts,a free State, may be involved? Is he, by hisanti-slavery opinions, unfitted to act on a committee,which, for instance, should have under considerationthe subject of Postage, or Finance, or National Roads,or Commercial Affairs? Mr. Sumner has travelled,resided for some time, and even studied law, in Europe.Is he not qualified to serve on a committee upon ForeignAffairs? He appealed to the laudable State prideof the members, irrespective of party, as well as theirsense of justice, and hoped this, if no other consideration,might prompt them to adopt this order. If theindignity had been offered to Mr. Sumner's present colleague,Mr. Davis, or his prospective colleague,—theman of whom we all feel justly proud for his abilities,extensive acquirements, his statesmanlike dignity andhigh moral worth, and by whose honied and classic eloquencewe have many of us been charmed and delightedby the hour,—if this indignity bad been offered tohim, would not the majority of this House have feltwounded in a sensitive spot? ForeignAffairs him, Mr. Sumner's course as Senator had been consideredas eminently judicious, and no occasion for disrespecthad ever been given by him. The language of this ordershowed that it asked nothing unreasonable, butonly a calm, dignified, yet manly expression of disapprovalof the treatment of our Senator. Mr. WHIPPLE, of Salem, thought if the U.S. Senatewas to be censured, so important a matter should be takenby yeas and nays, and he would therefore call forthem on the question. HIPPLE, The yeas and nays were ordered. Mr. PRINCE replied that the order was not intendedas a matter of authoritative censure, but as an emphaticexpression of disapproval of the set which had beenperpetrated. RINCE Mr. WHIPPLE rejoined that be did not see what wehad to do with the U. 8. Senate Committees, any morethan the individual members of this House had to dowith the appointment of its committees. HIPPLE Mr. PRINCE said that the point at issue should not bedisguised. The Senator from Massachusetts had beenexcluded from the committees by reason of his politicalsentiments, and the Senate by its action had openlyavowed it. RINCE Mr. SEAVER, of Boston, asked If the remark that theSenator was not a member of any healthy political organizationwas not an individual opinion, rather thanthe direct expression of the Senate. EAVER, Mr. USHER, of Medford, said if he was satisfied thatthe exclusion of Mr. Sumner was solely from the allegedreason that he belonged to an unhealthy political organization,he would sustain the order, as he must regardthe act of the Senate, under such circumstances,as an insult to Massachusetts. SHER, Mr. THOMPSON, of Boston, wanted to know what authoritythere was for saying that the Senate had excludedthe gentleman in question. He believed there wasnone, and be would move that the order be rejected. HOMPSON, Mr. PRINCE said the matter was one of Congressionalhistory; and if a file of the Globe, the official paper,were at hand, he could probably turn to the record anddate of the action of the Senate. Mr. Bright, of Indiana,chairman of the nominating committee that reportedthe list of standing committees, openly announcedthis as the reason in his place in the Senate, and theaction of that body was in keeping with the announcement. RINCE Globe, Mr. THOMPSON rejoined that he had a high respectfor the Senator while he occupied his elevated place asa gentleman of letters and law, and until a few yearsback, when he entered the arena of polities. He voluntarilywent into that association, and doubtless expectedto meet the rough and tumble of such a life. He knew,in going into the Senate, that a great majority of thatbody were opposed to him, and if he had been made tofeel that his sentiments were obnoxious there, he knewnot why we should make a muss about it. HOMPSON Mr. PRINCE was surprised that the gentleman and hiscolleagues, the members from Boston, did not have somelocal pride in relation to this matter—that they did notfeel that they themselves were treated with indignity,in the contumelious treatment of one of their own fellowcitizens and neighbors. RINCE Shall we be tame, supine, indifferent, not daring toutter a word of manly protest, when the slave powerflings taunts derision in our faces? —when it rearsit hydra head, and seeks to overawe and override us?is it not enough that the insolent demands of slaveryhave been complied with in the forcible recapture andreturn to bondage of poor Sims; when chains werePlaced about the Court House; when Faneuil Hall andother city property were perverted to the basest uses;when the day and night police of Boston were proceedinto the service of the pursuers—at a great expenditureof money from the city treasury—and all this to subservethe ends of commercial self-interest—that Bostonmerchants, many of them already vastly affluent, mighttrade quietly at Southern ports, and make more money,even though human rights were outrageously violated,and we were treated with soon and defiance! Andnow, when in the highest legislative body in the nation,a Senator from this State is prescribed, for such a reasonas that assigned, shall we pass the matter in silence?Have we nothing to say? Are we to sink lowerIn degradation? O, that we had here something of theSpirit that fired Boston three quarters of a century ago! 'Shall Massachusetts stand erect no longer,But stoop in chains upon her downward way,Thicker to gather on her limbs, and stronger,Day after day?'    The manner, too, in which the exclusion was announcedto the Senate should not be overlooked. In replyto the direct inquiry of the Senator from NewHampshire, Mr. Bright had replied that he(Mr. Hale)and his associates in political views, were left off thecommittees, became they were outside of any healthyorganization, and the Senate ratified the exclusive decision. Mr. USHER thought the evidence of the motives of theSenate in the alleged exclusion were not sufficient towarrant us in passing the order; the more so, as Mr.Sumner's name was not mentioned by the chairman ofthe committee!!! SHER The SPEAKER here ruled that the motion to reject theorder was not entertain able, from the fact that theyeas and nays had been called on the question of itsadoption. PEAKER Mr. THOMPSON said he was about to rise to withdrawthe motion, but the decision of the chair made it unnecessary. HOMPSON Mr. HOOPER, of Boston, called for the previous question. OOPER, Mr. PRINCE hoped the gentleman would withdraw thecall, to allow of a statement. RINCE Mr. CLARK, of Northboro', was not surprised thatthe call was made; he expected there would be an attemptto smother the discussion down. It was no wonderthat gentlemen felt uneasy when the matter of theexclusion of Mr. Sumner was under consideration. Hehoped a full and free discussion of that act would be allowed.He had noticed that when gentlemen on oneside of the house desired a discussion of any matter,there was often a seeming disposition to call them to order,or otherwise prevent their bring heard. LARK, Mr. THOMPSON called the gentleman to order, for reflectingon the course of the Speaker. HOMPSON Mr. CLARK said he meant no reflection upon theSpeaker, and to his knowledge bad made none. He referredentirely to others than the Speaker, who were inthe habit of calling to order gentlemen not of their politicalkidney. He trusted the previous question wouldnot he taken. LARK Mr. STEVENSON, of Boston, hoped the previous questionwould be sustained, and for the reason that a 'freeand fall discussion' was wanted upon a matter withwhich the Legislature had nothing to do. He repeated—theLegislature had nothing whatever to do with thismatter, or any other that came before the U.S. Senate,or any other legislative body. We had no mere to dowith such matters than with what transpired in FaneuilHall or the Marlboro' Chapel. He thought it high timeto stop discussion on matters without our province. TEVENSON, Mr. PRINCE would ask what the legislation of Virginia,and South Carolina, a few years since, had to do withus relative to the imprisonment of colored seamen? Yeta Whig Legislature at that time passed resolutions onthe subject, and one Edward Everett, a Whig Governor,signed them, and transmitted them to those States. RINCE Mr. RUSSELL, of Boston, went for the previous question,because we had legislation enough to do for Massachusetts,without attending to that of other States orthe nation. After we had done up the business of ourown constituents, he was ready to attend to that of therest of the States, and of the whole world, if it werenecessary. USSELL, Mr. PRINCE asked if Charles Sumner was not one ofthe gentleman's constituents. RINCE Mr. WHITE, of Worcester, moved that the order, forthe present, be laid on the table. Lost, 92 to 122. HITE, Mr. ROBINSON, of Lowell, was opposed to the takingof the previous-question, out of regard for the politicalconsistency of the party in the majority. It is but afew yean since that party held and avowed the sameopinions as were now held by Senators Sumner, Haleand Chase. The possession of the national administrationhad led them to desert those principles; but as theywere going out of power on the fourth of March next, itwas probable they would again take up their anti-slaveryprofessions, become Wilmot proviso men, pass innumerableresolutions against slavery, and assert thatthey were the only true anti-slavery party. He did notwish them, therefore, for their own political consistency,to be now entrapped. OBINSON, The call for the previous question was sustained, andthe Clerk called the roll, with the following result:— YEAS—SUFFOLK COUNTY—None. ESSEX—-Messrs.Endicott, Ober, Prince, Merrill, Haskell,Plumb Pratt, Danforth. MIDDLESEX—Messrs.Hayward. Fletcher, Hadley, Morse, Dow. WORCESTER—Messrs.Steer, Bradford, Wright, Knowlton,Clark, Mirick, Howe, Harding, Hosmer, Taft,Wood, Sawyer, Benchley, Thayer, C. White—HAMPSHIRE—-C.A. Stevens. HAMPDEN—None.—-FRANKLIN—Messrs.Taylor, Oakman, Harding,Kellogg. BERKSHIRE—Messrs. Brown, Turner,Tyrrel NORFOLK—Mr. Richardson. BRISTOL—Messrs.Daggett, Daily, Stearns, Hodges, Buffinton,Anthony. PLYMOUTH—Messrs. Josselyn, Gardner,Baker, J.E. Churchill, C.O. Churchill, Curtis.BARNSTABLE—Benj. Paine. DUKES—None. NANTUCKET—None.Total, 50. UFFOLK OUNTY SSEX IDDLESEX ORCESTER AMPSHIRE AMPDEN RANKLIN ERKSHIRE ORFOLK RISTOL LYMOUTH ARNSTABLE UKES ANTUCKET NAYS—SUFFOLK COUNTY—Messrs. Allen, Blaney,Booth, Boyd, Burr, Chilson, Coolidge, Cowdin,Eaton, Eagan, Eveleth, Giles, Holbrook, Holman,Hooper, Jones, Kingman, Krogman, Lewis, Morgan,Odin, 'Parcher, Parker, Perkins, Plimpton,Restieaux, Rice, Rich, Roberts, Russels, Seamans,Seaver, Stevenson, Thompson, Tilton, Tyler, Weth-erhee,Wiggin. Essex—Messrs. Nay son, Fletcher,Wilkins, Miltimore, Currier, Davenport, Wood,Payson, Brown, Ives, Jewett, Moore, Whipple,Hutching, McKenzie. MIDDLESEX—Messrs. Wellington,Grout, Duncklee, Bangs, Brewer, Green,Livermore, J. Whitney, Wilde, G.W. Coburn,French, S. Whitney, Shattuck, L.P. Coburn,Chandler, Wheeler, Edwards, Butler, Crosby,Eames, Page, Robinson, Van Voorhis, Usher,Dearborn, Kimball, Dow, Batchelder, Clark, Davis,Vose, Trull, Moore, Sherman, Fessenden, Chamberlain,Lamson, Foster, Richardson. WORCKSTER—Messrs.Smith, Sawyer, Watkins, Hammond, Keith,Shepley, Goddard. Thurston, Putnam, Hero, Hill,Sanford, G. White, Miller, Albee, Harrington,Prout, Rugg, Gill, Lamb. HAMPSHIRE—Messrs.Greene, Bridgeman, Cudworth, Orcutt, Cutting,Naramore, Barton, Kellogg, Dickinson, Bullen,Gilbert, Titus, Clark, Hooker, Bodman, Brewster.HAMPDEN—Messrs. Miller, Fry, Ladd, Parsons,Colton, Shebbins, Southworth. FRANKLIN—Messrs.Bement, Sherwin, Ames, Grout, Drury, Sweet,Smith, Nash. BERKSHIRE—Messrs. Richmond, Tyler,Loomis, Rowley, Emerson, Parish, Shumway,Colt, Gay, Fuller, Ingraham, Carter, Lloyd, Woodruff.NORFOLK—Messrs. Potter, Humphrey, Stoddard,Colburn, Ford, Stratton, Cummings, Wales,Boit, Crafts, Gaston, Hall. BRISTOL—Messrs.Shove, Morton. PLYMOUTH—Messrs. Swift, Ellis,Howard, Perkins, Bumpus, Sproat. BARNSTABLE—Messrs.S. Doane, Underwood, Lewis, II. Paine,Cobb, Small, Stubbs, Baker. DUKES—Messrs,Ferguson, Barrows. NANTUCKER—Messrs. Folger,Swain. Total, 190. UFFOLK OUNTY IDDLESEX ORCKSTER AMPSHIRE AMPDEN RANKLIN ERKSHIRE ORFOLK RISTOL LYMOUTH ARNSTABLE UKES ANTUCKER And so the order was rejected, and the Slave Powerallowed to spit with impunity upon Massachusetts!! ☞In the list of yeas and nays on the question ofadopting Mr. Prince's order in relation to Mr. Sumner,will be found the name of WILLIAM ENDICOTT, memberof the Legislature from Beverly. Mr. Endicott is abrother-in-law of the late Hon. Robert Rantoul. Jr. Hehas for several years been a member of the Democraticparty, but we understand that last fail be voted forJohn P. Hale and Haroco Mann. ILLIAM NDICOTT, THE LIFE OF REV. MARTIN CHENEY. By George T.Day, Pastor of the F. Baptist Church, Olneyville, R.L. Providence: George H. Whitney—1853. pp.471. HE IFE OF EV. ARTIN HENEY. We are glad to see this volume. MARTIN CHERNEYwe know, esteemed and honored as an upright man, abeliever in continual development and progress, a loverof the truth, a fearless advocate of right against might,a devoted abolitionist, and a successful teacher and exemplarof practical Christianity—true to his conscientiousconvictions, at whatever hazard or sacrifice, andfaithful to the light shod upon his understanding andsoul. Slavery, intemperance, war, licentiousness, andevery other prevailing sin, found in him an inflexibleand vigorous opponent. He was a strong man, a goodman, and a great man. His biographer has delineatedhis life and character in a very graphic and discriminatingmanner, mingling nothing of fulsome laudation,avoiding the partiality of a warm personal friendship.'To exhibit the man,' he says, has been theprimary object in the preparation of this volume. . . .his faults lay on the surface of his nature, obvious toany candid observer; and they who could not love himfor what excellencies lay beneath them, he did not wishshould love him at all. . . . Men who have no greatvirtues might fear to have their reputation thus hazarded;but there was enough to admire and venerate inMr. Cheney, after making the largest allowance for everydefect.' ARTIN HERNEY To exhibit the man, In Chapter XI., on 'Comeoutism,' Mr. Day says: 'Enough has been presented to satisfy the most skepticalof the reality and strength of Mr. Cheney's attachmentto the Anti-Slavery enterprise. And, as a result,he was roost warmly attached to the firm friends of thatenterprise daring its stormy and perilous days. Theywho braved the popular odium which Abolitionists werethen meeting, were heroes in his eyes; he believed themworthy descendants of Hass and John Rogers. Theyhad proved their sincerity. He regarded them an thechief shrines of freedom in an age when a shamelessdespotism, under the shallowest and meanest of all pretences,was hunting liberty from the lands And whenthey stood firm, and calm, and uncompromising, amidthe surges of mobocratic violence; when they cheerfullyperilled all fur the sake of the poor slave who had noeye to see, and no tongue to thank them fur their sufferingsin his behalf, he gave them his full heart's confidence,his ready defence, and his cheerful co-operation.He felt for them more than the ordinary attachment ofa personal friendship; and at the same time, he feltthat their accusers, revilers, and persecutors, were bothinsincere and cowardly. The leaders in this Anti-Slavery work were, to a greatextent, identified with the measures that have usuallycome to be designated by the term 'Garrisonian,'—Mr.William Lloyd Garrison of Boston being, in tome sense,their head and leader. There were men of high talentand moral worth connected with this school of Reformers.Mr. Cheney frequently attended their meetings, listenedeagerly, and sometimes spoke from their platform. Thestartling facts, the strong reasoning, the brilliant andimpassioned oratory, the fierce, withering invective, andthe radical measures which successively parsed in reviewbefore him there, produced a deep impression onhis mind. There was very much there that found correspondencesin his own nature. He was firm, earnest,vehement, radical, impulsive, and benevolent, by virtueboth of his constitution and his habits; and these characteristicsall appeared before him in the development ofthese champion abolitionists. And no they were hischosen co-laborers; and many of them became personalacquaintances and friends. Whoever vilified them, wasalmost certain to meet his rebuke. Whoever suspectedthem, he regarded as either ignorant or bigoted or pro-slavery;and none of these were, in his eye, venial sins. A State Society was formed in R.I. under their auspices;and of this Society Mr. C. early became both amember and an officer, and continued to hold that stationfor years; lending his influence and labors to give itcharacter and efficiency. These leading advocates grew,gradually, less and less guarded in their' language andpolicy. Their condemnations grew more sweeping, andtheir crusades more fierce. From condemning theministers as unfaithful men, they began to condemn theministry as an order; from contending against the positionsand character of churches, they came to contendagainst all church organizations; from opposing falseinterpretations of the Bible, they came to oppose theBible itself as a barrier to truth and freedom. Not allknown as Garrisonians went to this extent, nor did anyof them in all places; but this began to be the attitudeof the body. Mr. Cheney still retained a large measureof his faith. He insisted, against the assertions of hisfriends, that they were misunderstood and misrepresented.Where a prominent element of Christianity hadbeen so strikingly exhibited, it was hard for him to believethat the very foundations of Christianity werewanting.' To sustain these charges, Mr. Day refers to a singleanniversary of the Rhode Island Anti-Slavery Society,held in November, 1842, at which it is alleged severalof the speakers made extraneous assaults upon 'theSabbath, the ministry, and the church, as the great obstaclesin the path at the anti-slavery enterprise'—[practically,were they not then, and do they not remainso?] 'and that their abolition was imperativelydemanded':—That 'ridicule took the place of facts,and sneers were used to do the work belonging to soberargument':—That every minister who rose to speak onthe occasion was treated with contempt and contumely,& & Such uncourageous and prescriptive conduct,we are told, was too much for Mr. Cheney's endurance. ' It was a torch flung into the magazine of his explosivenature. There was sorrow enough mingled withhis indignation to make him calm; and virtue andworth enough in his cause to rouse his great courage,that never knew fear, up to its highest point of activityand development The mask had fallen off from hisantagonists, and pity did not plead with him to sparethem. The scene which followed can only be understoodby those who knew the parties and understood theissue. Verbal description it is not worth the while toattempt. Suffice it to say that the rest of that Conventionwas a close hand to hand moral battle; and in thefront ranks, meeting the enemy at every turn, andwielding his weapons with a skill and an energy thatmade every blow tell powerfully on some vulnerablepart, stood Mr. Cheney, firm as a rock and dauntless asa lion.' The result of this discussion was the formation of anew Anti-Slavery Society in Rhode Island the sameyear, to which Mr. Cheney gave his sympathy and supportto the last. Now, in a work of this character, we submit whetherit is fair or just—(1) to make the Rhode Island Anti-SlaverySociety responsible for the sentiments enunciatedon the occasion alluded to by individuals, on aplatform made free to all; (2) to suppress the fact, thatthe Society, as such, did not endorse those sentiments,but kept steadily to its one great object, while leavingunfettered the liberty of speech; (8) to makesweeping allegations, without adducing a particle ofproof from the records of the proceedings to sustainthem. We do not mean to say that nothing unguarded,unwise, uncalled for, was uttered by any of the speakers;we were not present at the meeting; but we dosay, that a discussion which occurred more than tenyears ago, and which was never reported in print, is notto be made the justification for a hostile secession, andthe organization of a new society. An authentic reportof what was said, and why and how it was said, and bywhom it was said, is needed, before accusations oneither side can be fairly determined by a public jury.But the reader has nothing to rely on, except the manifestlyexaggerated assertions of an anonymous personwho is made to represent the meeting as 'a nest of vipers,''hissing at every minister who arose to speak,merely on account of his profession, 'without stopping tohear what he had to say'! We have been present atthousands of anti-slavery gatherings, and we havenever, on any occasion, witnessed any manifestationlike this: on the contrary, we think clergymen presenthave had a large share of deference paid to them. Thisaccount, therefore, of the Rhode Island meeting, we aresatisfied, is grossly distorted, by a partisan and sectarianspirit. It is true, Mr. Cheney was deeply woundedby the remarks of some of the speakers, and was led totender his resignation as a member of the Executivecommittee, and to associate with others, whose regardfor the cause of the slave was entirely subordinate totheir sectarian exclusiveness. On his part, it was animpulsive stop, not wisely taken, and not justified byany thing that transpired in the meeting alluded to—for where such men as Wondell Phillips, and Foster,and Pillsbury, and Remond, and James Munroe, werepresent, (as they all were on that occasion,) we cannotbelieve that freedom of speech was allowed to be clovendown, or any doctrine was advanced which was not permittedto be freely interrogated and exposed. Rhode Island Anti-SlaverySociety responsible individuals, 
