 ☞The following is from a dirty pro-slavery, ramand rowdy organ, called the Syracuse Star. A gentleman from Fulton inform us that thatvillage was the theatre of quite an exciting time,to say the least, on Sunday evening last. Thestory is as follows:—Rev. Mr. KING, Pastor of aregular Wesleyan Methodist, Abolition, AmalgamationChurch at Fulton, has an interesting andquite pretty daughter, whom, for some three orfour years past, he has kept at school at that pinkof a 'nigger' Institution, called the McGrawvilleCollege, located south of us in Cortland County.While there, it seems that a pertain genuine negroconnected with the Institution, called ProfessorAllen, (Professor Allen! Bah!!) and herself becameenamored of each other, and thereupon enteredinto the requisite stipulations and agreementsto constitute what is known to those interested insuch matters as 'an engagement' to be married.A little time since, the damsel went home to heramalgamation-preaching parents, and made knownthe arrangements whereby their lovely daughterexpected soon to be folded in the hymenean armsof anti-alabaster Sambo. ING, Professor The parents remonstrated and begged, and gotthe brothers and sisters to interpose, hut all tonone effect. The blooming damsel was determinedto partake of the 'bed and board,' and inhale therich odors, refreshing perfumes, and reviving fragrance,which McGrawville College teaching hadpictured to her in life-like eloquence; and morethan this, she would not remain in membershipwith the denomination that preaches but declinesto practice, and sent in her resignation in due formof law. Whereupon down from McGrawville came theblushing Allen, all decked in wedding garb, and onSunday morn he half woke from ponderous sleep,and thought he heard playing on the air such sweetmusic 'As are those duloct sounds in break of day,That creep into the dreaming bridegroom's ear,And summon him to marriage.'   But evening came, and, as the anxious couplecould not have the nuptial rites celebrated underthe Reverend father's roof, they withdrew to Phillips'tavern on the west side of the river, and madepreparations for the ceremonies. In the mean timethe affair got whispered about the town, and theincensed populace to some five hundred strong madeready to 'disturb the meeting.' Several of theprominent citizens, fearing lest a serious row shouldfollow, repaired to the marriage house, and whilesome kept the riot down by speeches and persuasion,others gained admittance to the colors. Allenon being asked if he was married replied 'No,'but that he would be in a few minutes. He wasremonstrated with, and told the consequences thatwould ensue—that he would be mobbed, and mustleave town immediately. He responded that heknew what he was about—was a free man in a freecountry, and should do as he pleased. colors. By this time the outsiders could be held still nolonger, and the window curtains being drawn, ourhero 'saw and trembled,' and cried for mercy.The damsel didn't faint, but at once consented togo home, and was hurried into a sleigh and drivenoff, while Sambo under disguise, and surroundedby Abolitionists, was hustled out of the crowd overto the Fulton House. The multitude soon followed,eager and raving to grab the 'nigger,' batafter a little, he was got away from the house, bysome sly corner, and hurried off to Syracuse in asleigh, at the top of two horse speed. Thus the black cloud avoided the whirlwind, andthus ended 'Another Rescue.' THE FULTON RESCUE. It was not Phillips' tavern,at Fulton, we are told, where the negro Allenand Rev. Mr. King's daughter went for the purposeof being married. They went to the privatehouse of the schoolmaster, whom the trusteessummarily dismissed from their employment forthe part he took. Good! The fellow went upto Phillip's from his private residence, instead ofthe Fulton House, as our first article stated. HE ULTON ESCUE. Rev. Mr. King, we are also told, has not fornearly two years been poster of the Wesleyan denominationat Fulton, but for three years previouslyhe was. He now has a congregation just out ofthe village to whom he preaches stately, but professesto be a little more 'independent,' it is said,than the regular Wesleyan. He is (or has beenuntil now) a sort of Gerrit Smith-ite or rantingabolitionist, and has taught his daughter andpreached to his congregation this McGrawvilleCollege doctrine of amalgamation, &, neverdreaming, we suppose, that the viper would turnand sting the bosom that nourished it. We are happy to learn that this scrape has alreadyhad a most beneficial effect at and about Fulton.As we have already stated, the schoolmastergot his walking papers on Monday, for harboringthe 'nigger.' One of the hitherto most zealous anduntiring abolitionists of the place now denouncesfanaticism, and has since the affair cut down anabolition pole which has been standing for sometime in front of his house, and says, as we are informedby one of the first citizens of the place,that' he hopes to live a thousand years to advocateanti-niggerism.' This same gentleman, with alarge number more, all heretofore active abolitionists,have also out down the Gerrit Smith or FreeDemocracy pole, and our informant tells us thathe has heard at least thirty of this class declarepublicly that they are 'cured of their abolitionism.' thousand years We are glad of the change of sentiment at Fulton.Whenever the comparatively slight evils offanaticism present themselves at the doors ofthose who are foremost in bringing them about,good will sometimes result from it. Such is thecase under consideration. Had the marriage betweenthis negro and the white girl been effected,the evil would have been hut a small one comparedwith others that naturally grow out of abolitionhowling and McGrawville College teaching. Thesubversion of the law, the overthrow of order, theseverance of our beloved Confederation, and thedestruction of the political liberties of twenty millionof Freemon, are among the tendencies of abolitionand 'higher law' fanaticism. This acquisition,then, of even as few as thirty, from the sideof wrong to that of right and reason, is truly acause of granulation and rejoicing.—Syracuse Star, Syracuse Star, 
