 Extract of a letter to a friend. Extract of a letter to a friend. —And now you 'wonder' that I could ever lecture with the Garrisonian abolitionists.'  Youask, 'how, with reverence so large,' I can be 'happyamong them?' I am glad to reply; and in the sermon-style of F., that used to amuse us to much, allow me to begin with 'First, what it is not' It was not their being Disunionists—it was not that they held the UnitedStates Constitution to be proslavery, that attracted me.  Accept this simply as a fact. It was their deep earnestness of heart and life that irresistible drew me to them.  They seemed to me to be the Christians of ourThis may startle you. It would cause a shudder of horror in some, a smile of utter incredulity in others whom we might name. But, in the sincerity of my soul I repeat it, it was their vital, living confidence in God, the Eternity of Rights, their practical appreciation of the spirit and principles of Jesus Christ, that won my reverence. I now particularly allude to Mr. and Mrs. Foster, Mr. Pillsbury, and Mr. Garrison. The others I do not know as well.   While most of my religious acquaintances were occupied in discussing questions of speculative theology these were, as it seemed to me, actually going about doing the will of God. doing While others were engaged in 'hunting up' the evidences of immortality, these seemed to me to be already living and working in those great moral sentiments and principles in which the question and answer are one. With a consecration undreamed of by the multitude with a devotion sustained and nourished by 'the disciples 'know not of—with a mighty faith in the Eternity of Right, these apostles seemed to me to be grappling with this Dragon of the Pit, American Slavery, that devours three millions of Christ's brethrenin our land; while the external rites and ceremonies of religion—the mere shadows—the little nothings—(for in the mil conflict, if the great and extremities of human life, we feel that principles are everything, ceremonies nothing)—were absorbing the interests of my 'orthodox' friends. By the way, don't you think it would by quite at well to restore 'orthodox' to its true signification, and not be posting it up on every sort of exclusiveness?  American Slavery,  The 'State' and the 'Church' may disdain these anti-slavery reformers—may regard them as 'traitors' and 'infidels,' as 'madcaps' and 'hair-brained fantatics.'This is no new thing under the sun. It ought notto astonish us. The herald, and advocates of new applications of truth, in all ages, have been so regarded.The Great Teacher himself was crucified; and is it not enough that the servant be as be his master—the disciple as his Lord.' It is only the same sharp trial that Truth has in allages subjected her faithful followers. He who 'spoke never man spoke' uttered the sublime requirementthose ever-memorable words, 'He that loveth—not reputation with the world—but, closer still, even father ormother more than me, is not worthy of me.'  Yours, truly, SALLIED HOLLEY Brookfield, Feb. 6, 1858. 
