 We published (says the Herald of Progress) severalremarkable predictions a number of weeks beforethe fall elections. At the time, the extravagantstatements wore very generally disregarded. Since,however, many of the prophecies have been literallyfulfilled. and the public are naturally curious to remandthem, and to compare prediction with facts.We republish, in order to meet the large demand;— Herald of Progress CHAGRIN FALLS, Ohio Sept. 20, 1860. HAGRIN ALLS BROTHER DAVIS,—After three successive lecturesin this place, discussing the laws and principlesof growth and development, the following prophecieswere expressed. They were made in the fourthlecture:— ROTHER AVIS prophecies 1. "There will be a dissolution of the Union. 2. "A Free Republic will grow up at the North. There will be civil war carried on by the rabble andlower classes among the masses. The Republicancandidate will get the popular vote, but will not beinaugurated. There will be two great parties organized. 3. "The 'Liberals' in politics and religion willunite on the one side, and the Catholics, Democrats,and all conservative men and women, on the otherside. 4. "Slavery will be abolished by revolution, insurrectionamong the slaves, war, and blood. 5. "Next winter, Congress will get in a broil.They will fight. Blood will flow. 6. "My consciousness in, that this Nation will bedead as a Nation before the 4th of March next. this Nation will bedead as a Nation before the 4th of March next. 7. "Almost simultaneous with the close of theNovember election, will be an other crash among thebanks, similar to the one of 1857. will be an other crash among thebanks, similar to the one of 8. "By and by we will have great diseases, andnew forms of disease, unknown to physicians. 9. "We will have war, famine, political commotion,and earthquakes, and hurricanes. 10. "Healing mediums will be developed to caredisease. 11. "England is to be harassed by France, andRussia will assist France; and when England iscrushed as a nation, America will aid her. 12. "We will have no more Presidents—the presentone ill not serve his time out. We will have no more Presidents—the presentone ill not serve his time out. 13. "Canada will enter the new Republic in America. Canada will enter the new Republic America. 14. "Ohio will be the centre of that Republic,and Cleveland will be the capital. 15. "Our present Constitution will be the basis ofthe new Republican government, but will be remodeled. Our present Constitution will be the basis ofthe new Republican government, but will be remodeled. 16. "After the transition is passed, Theocracywill be the true form of government. 17. "Ultimately the Southern States will graduallycome into the new government. 18. "The Negroes will ultimately be colonizedin Central America. The Negroes will ultimately be colonized Central America. 19. "In the transitional, or Republican government,women will take an active part; but in themore perfect form of government, or Theocracy, themale and female elements will be equally balanced." Such are the prophecies of the lecturer. To saythat I Know they are true, or to call them all "moonshine"and "fanaticism," would be equally unjustThe most casual observer cannot but conclude, thatwe are on the eve of great orises both in Church andState. The thrones of the old world are totteringon their foundations—are swayed to and fro by thebreezes of Liberty, that blow from off the broadplains of humanity. Know The Christian world is divided into more than sixhundred contending parties, and in the midst of allthese, the powerful and increasing army of "Liberals"is marshaling the best minds of the age. Our own government, during the present campaign,is split into fine fragments; and the greatquestion of human slavery is rending the Nation tothe very centre. It is totally impossible for slaveryand liberty to perpetuate a parallel existence, henceone or the other must succumb. Disruptions in thestrata of human nature, therefore, may not be apprehendedin vain. I am exceedingly skeptical inregard to prophecies of any character, but submitthe foregoing, as they were uttered, thinking theymay arouse the latent energies of human thought,and cause men to labor more zealously for the estabmentof human rights. Thine, for the Truth, H.B. VINCENT. 
