 There is no sight so lamentable and so calculated toawaken pity, as that of a once prominent and talentedman utterly prostrated and broken down either by unavoidablemisfortunes, or by the calamitous result ofhis own misconduct. When one witnesses such a spectacle, all bitternessand hatred are forgotten, and he sincerely begins topity, and wish it were otherwise. A condition similar to this of which we have spoken,is now shared by Booth, who is suffering the penaltyof the law for his own rashness, in the county jail ofthis city. We are informed that he is completelybroken down, to all appearance, and he certainly mostbe if there is a spark of the human left in his composition.For to be confined in a contracted county jail,and made to room with thieves, burglars, gin andwhisky wrecks, and the miserable scullion that arewont to fill a jail in a large city, (as is the case withBooth,) cannot but gall the soul of one possessed of thetalent and education he has had, so as to fairly drivehim to madness. He had a superior education at Yale Collage, and atone time was regarded as one of the most talentedmen in the State. Now, he is made to herd with thevilest of the vile in the county jail, during the day,and at night is confined in a cell the same as his followprisoners. We are informed that those who formerlyknew him. would hardly recognize him now, sochanged is his appearance. His eyes and cheeks aresadly sunken, his clothes fool the want of a tailor orsearnstress, and he has all the appearance of a manwho might almost as well be dead as alive. At the same time, it cannot be denied that he hasbrought all this upon himself. He who violates thelaws of his country or society must expect to sufferthe bitter consequences. And yet he could have obtainedhis freedom long since, but for what seems tous to be a mistaken pride and a dogged obstinacy.Still oven the most imperious sticklers for the low cannotbut pity him now, and acknowledge that the irondignity or the law has been folly vindicated. His offence the been more than stoned for by its suffering,and it certainly would be an act of humanity was henow set at liberty. We clip the above from the Milwaukee Wisconsin,and we feel some what surprised, that a paper whichhas before time expressed hostility to American slavery,should regard so complacently the judicialtyranny that has boon imposed on a man whose onlyoffence was loving freedom to well, and manfullyhelping another to obtain that God-given right, ofwhich he had been so unjustly robbed. In this,Sharman M. Booth violated an enactment which tenyears ago filled the whole civilized world with horror—a law declared unconstitutional by the highesttribunal in the very State where the offence wascommitted. When human conduct is measured bythe morality of the royal law, as expounded by Jesusof Nazareth in his sermon on the mount, and man'ssense of right and justice is no longer warped by thebaleful shadow which now hangs over us, the offencecommitted by Sherman M. Booth will be commendedby the press of America, as it is now by the pressof all Christendom besides. This case most forciblyillustrates the maxim that "there is no greater iniquitythan that which is committed under the nameof law."—Grand Haven Clarion. Wisconsin  Grand Haven Clarion. 
