 DUBLIN, 35 Eccles street, Jan. 26, 1861. UBLIN To the Editor of the Dublin New: To the Editor of the Dublin New: DEAR SIR—There is no question of such deepinterest before the public mind at present as the agitatedcondition of the "United States of America."The threatened separation of these States into twogreat nations—one of them the representative ofthe largest amount of liberty enjoyed by any communityof civilized men; the other, of the lowestcondition of human degradation the world has everbeheld among any people—is a circumstance whichnaturally, nay, necessarily, fixes the attention ofEurope on every present movement of that far—offland. In Ireland, this feeling of deep interest isespecially felt; for there is scarcely a family withinour borders that has not sons or daughters, or othernear and dear friends, whose interests will be seriouslyaffected now and during their future life bythe struggle which now agitates the free and theslave States of that confederacy, hitherto known asthe "United States of America." EAR IR Principles so utterly at variance as freedom andslavery, operating in the Northern and Southernsections of this unnatural coalition, it was impossiblethat any real union could ever have existed betweenthem; and their present agitation is simplythe necessary consequence of an unwise attempt ofthe original founders of the compact, to reconcileprinciples so antagonistic, so that it is more surprisingto thoughtful men that a condition of affairs somuch at variance should have been held together solong, than that these States should new seek toburst asunder those bands which have bound togetherelements so opposite in their nature, andwhich could never come into a state of amicablepartnership The social affinities here are all repellent—there is not a single atom of attractivematter in the entire mass; therefore, the body hasbeen in a state of continual fermentation, which hadno possibility of subsidence. It must fall to pieces,either under the influence of the present eruptionor at no distant day, for there is no power on earthor in heaven which can keep in peace this unholyco-partnership. Sinful compromise brought theparties together; a similar attempt to overthroweverlasting laws of antagonism may, for a while,patch up the present quarrel. I hope, however,that much will not be the result, but that the Northwill quietly permit the South retire from the confederacy,and bear alone the odium of all mankind,beneath which, and the awakened indignation ofher four millions of enslaved brothers and sisters,she must soon retrace her steps, or fall into utter rain. But it was not for the purpose of speculating onthe probabilities of the present agitation in theUnited States of America that I took my pen oncemore to address my countrymen on this most interestingtopic. My object is to bring under theirnotice, and offer for their admiration, the excellentsentiments lately uttered by an intelligent and well-knownIrishman, now a member of the CanadianLegislature—I refer to Thomas D. McGee, Esq.Some friend in Canada has sent me a copy of theMontreal Gazette of December 96th, 1860, in whichI find an address of Mr. McGee; it contains sentimentsthat are an honor to him, and for which, asan Irishman, I offer him my warm thanks. If suchsentiments found a response in the heart of everyIrishman and every Irishwoman in America, different,indeed, would be the estimation in which weshould be held in her Northern States from that inwhich we now stand. Instead of being contemnedas a race, faithless to our own principles of freedom,we should be honored as true-hearted men. But letour past shortcomings suffice, and may our futurenoble conduct make amends for all. Gazette The Irishman, abroad and at home, who does notstand up for liberty for all, for the black man aswell as the white man, is a dishonored man; base asany slave who toils willingly beneath the lash, andevinces no desire (if there be sack a wretch in existence)to burst his chains asunder. Would to Godthere was not such an Irishman, such a man of anyland, on the face of the earth! I take the following extracts from Mr. McGee'saddress to the "St. Patrick's Literary Association's"and I commend them to the patriotism and themanly feelings of my countrymen. We shall nevergain the respect of mankind, and what is betterstill, the respect of our own hearts, until we makethe everlasting principles of justice and truth therule and practice of our lives. Speaking of the Anti-Slavery movement, and ofsome noble American friends of it, Mr. McGee says: "Citizens of Irish birth, like all others, ought thento have given it, at least, a fair hearing. The Irishshould have been, from their antecedents, among thefirst to feel for the woes of the oppressed, and to desirethat the bondsman might be set free. . . . .I intend to appeal—I think in the interests of our commonreputation I am entitled to appeal to the Irish inthe United States, in the name of their original countrymen,in Canada, that they will not by any artfulinstigation of ancient animosities—that they will not,out of any supposed antagonism to English diplomacyin America, suffer themselves to be enlisted with theforlorn hope of human slavery in the Northern States.Ship-owners, manufacturers and merchants of Boston,New York and Philadelphia will invite them as workingmen and as Irishmen, to sustain what they call their'conservative'—that is, their selfish pecuniary principles,by their numerical strength and ardent enthusiasm.They may be deluded into taking that position; theymay, under a falsely interpreted sense of duty to theConstitution, become the active instruments of thelast pro-slavery struggle; but let them take it fromme, frankly and while it is yet time, they will fail, andtheir leaders will fail. Not all the sophistry of theadvocates, not all the money of the merchants, canever again bury the wrongs of the enslaved out ofsight, on this continent. There is a black cloud overthe South, from the Susquehanna to the Rio Grande,and it will not pass away till four million hands, fromwhich the manacles have been knocked off, are raisedin prayer to their Father in Heaven, to pardon theoppressions of the past, for the sake of the tardy justicewhich at length has been done to them. (Applause.)Twice, within a few years, I have had causeto hang my head is shame for Irish honor in America.Once, when a brilliant and honest writer, but whosesanity is very uncertain, Mr. Mitchel, publicly advocatedthe re-opening by the South of that traffic—accursedof God and man—the African Slave-trade.The second time was recently, on reading the vigorousspeech of Mr. Charles O'Conor, at the Unionmeeting in New York, where that gentleman laiddown the extraordinary proposition, that 'politicalparties should never be divided upon moral questions.'If Mr. O'Conor withdraws every ethical foundationfrom politics and parties, I should like to know uponwhat other foundation will he plant them 1 If he disarmshis politics and his party of all moral force, howcan he longer speak of 'the duty' of the citizen to theConstitution he has 'sworn' to uphold s What, indeed,becomes of oaths and duties, if morals and politicsare to be divided by so great a gulf? There wasnot an intelligent Pagan in the ancient world, twothousand years ago, who would not have rejected withhorror this maxim which was welcomed, we are told,with 'applause.' by many of the most intelligent citizensof New York! For my own part, I feel thatsame Irish voice should utterly repudiate it, and I doso as heartily as I repudiate the other iniquitous notion,of the re-opening of the African slave-trade.(Renewed applause.)" Referring to what he considers the not unnaturalanxieties of Irishmen in America to preserve a unionwhich, in my mind, he thinks too highly of, he yetkeeps his countrymen to the point of honest principlewhen he says:— "Such a prospect is quite enough to make rationalmen bear and forbear many things; but on the otherhand arises, in all consciences, this previous question,Are we to commit actual wrong, lest we suffer prospectiveevil! re we to prove ourselves more inhospitableto the fugitive within our gate, than the Araband the Tartar! Are we to betray the Edomite,though he be our brother—are we to forget that wealso were strangers in the land of Egypt! Are we tolearn the anathema even of the Mohammedan, whoseKoran proclaims—'Cursed be he that betrays hisguest, or that shutteth his door upon the son of theroad'? (Applause.) These questions will clamor foranswers in every man's breast, and they can be answeredby Christian men only in one way; I trust—Isincerely trust—a war may be found by the far-seeingfreemen of the North, of all origins, to answer themwith safe consciences, and still to preserve to the continentthe inestimable blessings of the Federal Constitution. (Applause.)" After alluding, in feeling and true-hearted terms,to the ease of the escaped stove, John Anderson, heconcludes with these noble words:— "I cannot conclude the observations I have offeredyou on this subject, without sending forth in my ownname, in your name, and the name at all the Irish inCanada, to our brethren in the United States, our fraternalprayer and petition, that they will not—for thehonor of the common fatherland, dear to us all—thatthey will not, as countrymen of those areas orators ofIreland, who, from Barks to O'Conneti. were swornfoes of human slavery, in every otime and under everypretext—that they will not, far their own sake, far oursake, for Ireland's sake, suffer themselves to he enlistedin this last struggle, among the forlorn hope ofthe pro-slavery or philo-slavery parry, in the neighboringrepublic. (Enthusiastic, applause.)" Countrymen, turn over a new leaf, stand up manfullyfor the honor of Old Ireland, be faithful infuture and for evermore, in Jesuits of every opposingconsideration, to your own consciences, to youroppressed fellow creatures, and to the great Godwho created yon, Every other road leads to ruinand dishonor. I remain, your countryman and friend, JAMES HAUGHTON. 
