 In the United States Senate, February 12th, Mr.Crittenden, of Kentucky, having presented a petitionin favor of his scheme of compromise from23,230 citizens of Massachusetts, the Hon. CharlesSumner addressed the Senate as follows:— These petitioners ask, as I understand it, for thepassage of what is familiarly known as the Crittendenpropositions. Their best apology for this petitionis their ignorance of the character of thesepropositions. Had they known what they were,they never would have put their names to that petition.Those resolutions go beyond the Breckinridgeplatform, which has already been solemnly condemnedby the American people. They foist intothe Constitution of the United States constitutionalguaranties of slavery which the framers of that instrumentnever gave—which Washington, Jefferson,Franklin, Patrick Henry, and John Jay, if wemay credit the testimony of their lives and opinions,would have scorned. Had any such propositionsbeen made the condition of union, this Union nevercould have been formed. Mr. Madison told us inthe Convention, that it was wrong to attempt to putin the Constitution the idea of property in man;but these propositions propose to interpolate thatidea, and, practically carrying it out, they run ablack line on the latitude 36 deg., 30 min., and giveconstitutional protection to slavery in all the territorysouth of that line now belonging to the Republic;and to make the case still more oppressive,and still more impossible to be received at theNorth, they make it applicable to all the territoryhereafter to be acquired; so that the flag of the Republic,as it moves southward, shall always be theflag of slavery, and every future acquisition in thatdirection shall be Africanized, and that by virtueof the Constitution of the United States. That isabout enough, in this age of civilization. But thisis not all. Still further, they insist upon guarantiesto slavery in the national capital, and in other placeswithin the Federal jurisdiction. Nor is this all.As if to make it especially offensive to the people ofthe North, and to the people of Massachusetts, theypropose to despoil our colored fellow-citizens of theirpolitical franchise, a long time secured to them bythe institutions of that honored Commonwealth.Sir, it is for these things that these petitioners nowpray. They insist that they shall be interpolatedin the Constitution of the United States. I have aninfinite respect for the right of petition, and I desirealways to promote the interests, and to carry forwardthe just and proper desires of my fellow-citizens.But I must express my regret that thesegentlemen have missed the opportunity, after unitingin such numbers, of calling plainly and unequivocally,as savers of the Union of their fathers,for two things—two things all-sufficient for thepresent occasion, and with regard to which I shouldexpect the sympathies of the Senator from Kentucky.First, the Constitution of the United Statesas administered by George Washington, to be preservedintact and blameless in its text, without anytinkering or patching. And, secondly, the verdictof the people last November, by which AbrahamLincoln was elected President of the United States,to be enforced without price or faltering. There isa ground upon which every patriot and loyal citizenof the land can stand, and he has over him then theConstitution and the flag of his country. You hadbetter have that, sir, than any scheme, device, jugglery,or hocus pocus called a compromise. Onsuch ground, all men who really love the Union andthe country can take their stand without an "if" ora "but." I remember, sir, on the night of the passageof the Nebraska bill,—it was after midnight,—! made the declaration in debate, that the time forcompromises had passed. The events now takingplace all verify this truth. It is obvious that theexisting difficulties can now be arranged only onpermanent principles of justice, and freedom, andhumanity. Any seeming settlement founded on anabandonment of principle will be but a miserablepatchwork, which cannot succeed. It was only ashort time ago, you will remember, sir, the wholecountry was filled with shame and dismay, as thereport came to us of the surrender of Southernforts; and when it was known that Fort Sumter,too, was about to be given up, a cry went forth fromthe heart of the people, by which that fortress wassaved—at least, for the present. Propositions arenow made and brought forward by the Senatorfrom Kentucky, and now enforced by a petitionfrom the people of my own State, calling upon theNorth to surrender its principles—to surrender itsimpregnable principles of human rights, which constituteour Northern forts. It is even proposed nowto surrender the principle of freedom in the Territories—the Fort Sumter of the North. I trust, sir,they will yet be saved; and as their safety dependsupon the President. I trust that- the cry will go forthfrom the people, like that which went forth fromthem a few days ago, to save that other Fort Sumterwhen it was menaced. For myself, if I stand withmany or with few, or alone. I have but one thing tosay—no surrender of the Fort Sumter of the North,no surrender of any of our Northern forts. No,sir, not one. But the bankers and merchants throwout their fears, and they tell us the Governmentshall not have money, if we do not surrender ourprinciples. Then, again, sir, I appeal to the people.I believe the American people are not more unpatrioticthan the French, and it only want the opportunityto show it—to come forward and relieve thenecessities of the Government, as the French people,recently, at the hint of Louis Napoleon, cameforward with a loan composed of small sums. OurGovernment stands upon the aggregate virtue andintelligence of the people, and it only remains nowthat we should mike an appeal to the aggregatewealth of the people—the farmer, the laborer, themechanic. Every man, who truly loves his country,will be witling to give of his earnings to upholdthe Constitution and the national flag; and out ofthese small earnings, inspired by a genuine patriotism,we shall have a full treasury. There is but onething now for the North to do—that is, to stand firmin their position. They may be guided by one ofthe greatest patriots of the age, I mean Lafayette,who, in his old age, when his experience had beenripened by time, and while looking over the unutterablecalamities of the old French revolution,said, "It was his solemn duty to declare that, in hisopinion, they were to be referred not to the badpassions of men, but to those timid counsels thatsought to substitute compromise for principle." Lafayettemay well speak to his American fellow-citizensnew, to caution them against say timidcounsels that would substitute compromise for principle. ☞The Bottom petition, referred to by Mr. Summer,so far from representing the intelligence and virtueof the city or me State. was on expression of nothingbut ignorance, corruption and duplicity. 
