 The New York Senator has acquired the reputationof a great statesman. We confess to the weaknessof having so regarded him. But since his twospeeches during the present session of Congress, wesee that we were entirely mistaken. Some of his friends hare apologized for his courseon the ground that he is playing a deep game, byoffering a compromise which he knew the Southwould not accept, in order to be able to justify coercivemeasures after the refusal. To say nothingof the want of sincerity in such a course, we haveno faith in its success. If the morality of it is worthyof a Talleyrand, rather than an Americanstatesman, we believe it is a blunder, as well as acrime. Instead of checking secession, it has encouragedit, far more than Buchanan had the power todo. To talk of concession and compromise totraitors, while they shout defiance and wave theirtorches over shotted guns, was as unmanly as it wasunwise. morality blunder checking encouraged But Mr. Seward's speech not only gave newstrength to the seceders—it encouraged that sickening exhibition of doughfaceism which is now disgracingthe people of the North, in Union meetingsand petitions to Congress. We know of nothingmore pitiable than this cringing and crawling ofNorthern men, begging for the privilege of aidingin the extension of slavery, with all its wrongs, andhorrors, and crimes, in order that they may makemoney. To this poor condition has the Republicanparty been prostituted by its leaders. If Mr. Seward had boldly uttered the great doctrineof universal liberty as the guiding star inwhatever emergencies, the people of toe Northwould have followed his lead through the thickestof the fight. A victory in such a contest wouldhave been worth something. But instead of doingthat, he has uttered senseless platitudes, and advisednothing but concession. The light he has held alofthas been an ignis futuus, leading into crooked andtreacherous ways. He has claimed the right to savethe Union, "in his own way," as if be was omnipotent—as if, by his cowardice or treachery, he werenot already a shorn Samson, in the hands of theSouthern Philistines. ignis futuus He has declared that, in the face of the presentdanger, "slavery is no longer a practical question."In the language of the Chicago Tribune— Tribune "Slavery was never so feafully 'practical' as atthis moment. Never before were its demands so insolent,so overhearing, so arrogant, so preposterous;never before has it gone so far in its efforts to destroythe Government. The fact is, there is no other questionnow before the country. That has absorbed oroverriden all others. And are we to be told, withphilosophic indifference, when such is the fact, thatslavery is no longer a practical question? Slaverynot a practical question, when, on its account, halfa dozen States have 'ordained' themselves out of theUnion—not practical, when it is made the basis fortreason, for open hostility to the Government, for seizingthe forts, arsenals, munitions of war, customhouses, sub-treasuries and mints of the United States!Verily, if this does not make it a practical question,when was it such, or when may we expect it to besuch? That Slavery cannot be other than a practical questionuntil those who control it shall have commenced thework of its peaceful and quiet eradication. Until itassumes that position, from the very nature of thingsit must be aggressive and practical. Nothing hassatisfied it, nor wilt anything satisfy it, but the controlof the Government. That is the only troublenow. Had Mr. Breckinridge been elected, slaverywould have been content As Mr. Lincoln was elected,nothing can pacify it save incorporating in thefundamental law the political creed of the Breckinridgeparty. Do that, and Mr. Lincoln, elected accordingto the forms of the Constitution, may takethe office of President and administer the GovernmentFail to do it and the Government shall beoverthrown. For ourselves, we are free to say, thatbetween electing Breckinridge and leaving the Constitutionas it is, or electing Mr. Lincoln and incorporatingBreckinridge's creed into the platform, weshould have infinitely preferred the former; because,with a Constitution favoring freedom, there would bemore hope for the future, even with a pro-slaveryExecutive, than there would be with a slave Constitutionand an anti-slavery President. In the formercase reform might be peacefully obtained; in the latter,it could only be reached through a bloody revolution,And yet there are men, professing to be Republicans,who are for incorporating the Breckinridgeplatform into the Federal Constitution, and who apologizefor their action by saying that slavery is no longera practical question!" —Maine Journal. Maine Journal. 
