 Extract from a very able Review of Rev. Henry J.Van Dyke's Discourse on ' The Character and Influenceof Abolitionism,' by Rev. J.R.W. Sloane:— We come now to the New Testament. We confessour astonishment that he did not shrink backaffrighted at the monstrous character of his assertionsand inferences. Slavery be affirms was just ascommon in Judea in the time of Christ as to-day inSouth Carolina! That Christ was familiar with thelaws of Roman slavery! That no man, having anypretensions to scholarship or candor, would allegethat these laws were as mild as the very worst statutesof the slave codes of modern times! That theSavior was acquainted with the law that gave themaster the power of life and death over his slave,and with all the vast abuses of the system, and that,nevertheless, there is no rebuke or denunciation ofthe system! That while all other sins are freely andfully condemned, this is never mentioned but interms of the utmost respect! Of course, there isbut one inference—lie approved. Christ then approveda system that gave the master the right toput his slave to death at his pleasure, a system nevermatched in atrocity except by that prevailing amongus, one which the writers of that age mention onlyto excite abhorrence of a period that could enduresuch wickedness, one which has called forth the mostindignant bursts of condemnation from all modernwriters who have treated of that epoch, and whichmore than any other cause, perhaps more than allother causes, contributed to the overthrow of theproud fabric of the Roman Empire. It remained forthe Christian ministry of this land to find this lowestdeep of moral perversion, and to baptize this horrorof the centuries with the sanction of Jesus Christ! worst It is not difficult to detect the monstrous fallacy ofthe position. The assumption that slavery existedat that time in Judea is wholly gratuitous; the statementis without the shadow of proof; on the contrary,forbidden as it was to Israel, there is everyreason to conclude that it did not exist there in anyform or degree, and that Christ did not come in contactwith a slave during the course of his ministry.Will Mr. Van Dyke tell us what sort of slavery thiswas which Christ did not reprove? Roman slavery,be says. What then had become of Hebrew servitudeWhen did it disappear? When did theother atrocious system take its place in Judea? Butwho does not see the fallacy of the attempt to sanction,from the silence of Christ in the New Testament,a system not only so opposed to all principlesof natural justice, but so directly in the face of thosetremendous denunciations against oppression in theOld Testament? The sect of the Essenes existedin the time of Christ, Yet they are not even mentioned;no allusion to that even by him or his apostles—except very obscure references to this sect beallowed in one or two passages. Are we, therefore,to conclude that Christ approved of their perversionsof the Scriptures, and their denial of the doctrine ofthe resurrection? Christ docs not mention idolatry;did he therefore approve of idol worship? He doesnot once mention or allude to the gladiatorial combats;are they, therefore, a divine institution? Butthe apostles spoke of these things, says an objector.They spoke nothing of the Essenes, or, at any rate,obscurely, and, if any filing, respectfully; so of thegladiatorial contests. They spoke also of slavery.The law, Paul reminds Timothy, was made for manstealers,an advice not unnecessary in some quartersat the present time; at any rate, nothing could bemore delightful than a discourse from Mr. Van Dykeupon that declaration. Fancy now this reverendapologist for slavery attempting an argument withsome distinguished champion of "the ring;" he commencesby calling prize-fighting unnatural, cruel,brutal, wicked, or by whatever other epithet he mayfind most expressive of his abhorrence and detestationof such brutality. Stop a moment, if you please,says the gladiator, "I am no heathen philosopher,groping my way by the feeble glimmerings of thefight of nature, no modern infidel appealing to thecorrupt and fickle tribunal of human reason; I plantmyself upon the Inspired Word; my motto is, 'Tothe law and to the testimony.' Where in the NewTestament, either by Christ or his apostles, is mycalling forbidden? "While Mr. Van Dyke is thinkingup his passages, our champion turns upon him,"Every body knows, sir, that it is no sin to knock aman down under certain circumstances; as to itscruelties, they are nothing compared to what occurssometimes in families; there is, sir, as you have stated,a child in an orphan asylum in Brooklyn, who wasthrown by its father into the fire, and almost roastedto death; better save your 'tears and shrieks' forchildren, and leave men to take care of themselves.So far from being inhuman, as you represent it, weare the very best of friends; besides, the Scripturesalways speak of it in terms most respectful; youdon't consider yourself better than the Apostle Paul,do you, Mr. Van Dyke V Hear what he says: 'Sofight I, not as one that beateth the air.' 'I keep mybody under'—a clear reference to our abstemioushabits, when preparing for the combat. More thanthis, sir, he compares the heavenly assembly to therespectable company which assemble to witness ourmanly sport: 'Therefore, seeing we also are compassedabout with so great a cloud of witnesses.'These things, too, were spoken in the time of theRoman games, much more brutal than ours, as everyscholar and man of candor must admit, before theameliorating influences of the Gospel had producedso marked a change upon our pursuit!" Where isthe Rev. Apologist in such an argument? manstealers But, then, was Christ silent? I answer mostpositively that he was not. All things which he saidare not recorded, for the simple reason that the worldwould not contain the books; but, did he not constantlyappeal to the Old Testament Scriptures?Are we, in order to please a few contemptible slaveholders,to suppose that he omitted those passageswhich denounce oppression? And if those passagesdid not condemn Roman slavery, for what purposewere they written? What is oppression if slaveryis not? But, again: the great principles of histeachings are diametrically opposed to ail such inequalities;and, were men to practice them, Americanslavery would terminate before to-morrow's sun shallsink in the west "Thou shah love thy neighbor asthyself," words quoted almost literally from theMosaic law, with reference to men of another race;one of those two commandments upon which hangall the law and the prophets. Does the slaveholderlove his neighbor as himself? Can the toiling slaveobey this divine command? I am sure I could notwere I in his place, and my neighbor interpreted tomean my master or overseer. Christ's first sermonwas an abolition discourse, from an incendiary publicationcalled the Prophecy of Isaiah, an anti-slaverybook of the Old Testament The text which heselected was this memorable passage, "The Spirit ofthe Lord God is upon me, because be hath anointedme to preach the Gospel to the poor, to heal thebroken-hearted, to preach deliverance to the captives,and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at libertythem that are bruised." "Therefore, whatsoever yewould that men should do to yon, do ye even so tothem, for this is the law and the prophets."Butwhat is the great sun of Christ's teaching? Love,to man and to God. What the great end, but to fillthe earth with love and peace? As far as the eastis distant from the west as far as light is from darkness,as heaven from belt, so far are the teachings ofthe divine Savior of the world from any affiancewith this dark and bloody despotism. deliverance to the captives to set at libertythem that are bruised. 
