 Extract from a pamphlet, characterized by muchforce of reasoning, entitled 'SECESSION, CONCESSION,ON SELF-POSSESSION—WHICH?' by Rev. JamesFreeman Clarke, published by Walker, Wise &Co. ECESSION ONCESSION,ON ELF OSSESSION HICH What ought the North to concede? What ought the North to concede? The answer is simple. To preserve the Union,we ought to concede any thing but that which theUnion is intended to secure. The Union is a means,not an end. We must not sacrifice the end to themeans. The end of the Union is to secure prosperity,peace, justice, equal rights, and liberty. It isevident, therefore, that these are not to be sacrificed,even to preserve the Union. We must not surrenderany of the principles which are at the foundationof the State, and on which the Union itself wasbuilt, even to preserve the Union. Compromises aregood when they surrender what is expedient only,giving up a part of a good thing to save the rest;but not good when they surrender justice and right. The Union is a means to an end. Give up theend in order to preserve the means, and both becomeworthless; but if you preserve the end, thoughyou lose the means, then other means may be foundto take their place. Suppose the Union is dissolved.It is a great evil, no doubt. But is it irreparable?Is it impossible to do in 1860 that which was done in1787? Were the people so much better and wiserin those days than they are now? or did the framersof the Constitution enjoy some special divine inspirationwhich we have not? Have we no longer trustin a Divine Providence which will guide us to-dayas it guided our fathers then? we For no light or common cause should we surrenderthe Union; but for no light cause will it be surrendered.The danger is not that way, as far as thepeople of the Free States are concerned. All historyshows that people will bear almost any thing,and concede almost every thing, before they willconsent to any great change in their institutions.This is as true now as when it was asserted in theDeclaration of Independence, that "all experiencehas shown that mankind are more disposed to sufferwhile evils are sufferable, than to right themselvesby abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed."The danger often is, that, from fear of change,we shall concede what we ought not to concede, andso throw upon our posterity the duty of making thechange when it has become still more difficult. Men talk about the Union and our present Constitutionas though they were arrived at by somehappy accident or some secular conjunction of theplanets, which could happen only once in a thousandyears. But the Constitution was then adopted, andthe Union formed, because they corresponded to theopinions and wishes of the people. For the samereason, they have continued. The same kind of constitutions,and forms of government, as good as ours,have been adopted by Mexico and by the SouthAmerican States; but, not corresponding to thecharacter of the people, they have been useless andinefficient. The convictions of the people of SouthCarolina and Georgia, in regard to liberty and slavery,have wholly changed since the Union wasformed and the Constitution adopted. They do notnow believe in democratic and republican institutions:hence they wish to separate. When they do,they will immediately attempt to establish some consolidatedsystem, some kind of despotism. The substanceof democracy will be immediately relinquished,and its forms will speedily follow. But the peopleof the North still believe firmly in republican principles: consequently, if the present form of governmentshould be dissolved, another of the same kindwill very soon replace it. It is emphatically true in this case, that, wherethere's a will, there's a way. While we believe inthe end, there will be no difficulty about the means.While we cherish faith in justice, humanity, andfreedom, so long as we believe in the principles ofdemocracy and in true republicanism, so long weshall be able to organize these principles in suitableinstitutions. Spenser says truly, that— "Of the soul the body form doth take;For soul is form, and doth the body make."  We must not therefore, sacrifice the soul of ourinstitutions for the sake of preserving the body; forwe should in that case have only a dead body, soonto be dissolved. The moral of this is, that those who undertake tosave the Union by surrendering any principles ofliberty or of justice are unsound and dangerous men,unfit to be trusted with any influence in our affairs.They are men who see the value of methods, but notthe superior value of principles. They foolishly supposethat the body of a nation makes its soul, notknowing that the soul makes the body. They valueforms more than substance, means more than ends.Their counsels have already brought us, step by step,to the verge of dissolution. To save the Union,they have always been ready to surrender everything which gave the Union value. By their advice,and to save the Union, we consented to the annexationof Texas, to the Mexican War, to surrender theWilmot Proviso, to pass the Fugitive Slave Law, torepeal the Missouri Compromise; and now they adviseus to surrender every remaining barrier of freedomagainst the encroachments of slavery. What can the North concede for the sake of union? All sorts of concessions are proposed. We are invitedto repeal all our laws which were enacted inorder to secure the personal liberty of our citizens;to allow the whole immense territory of the UnitedStates to be made slave territory; to divide it betweenslavery and freedom; to forbid the discussionof slavery in the free States. And especially weare invited, above all things else, and as the most essential thing of all, to change our fundamental opinionson the right and wrong of slavery. We areasked to believe that it is right, and not wrong. Now, it is evident, that, with the best dispositionsin the world, we are positively unable to do some ofthese things. Every free State in the Union hasjust voted—most of them by immense majorities—that slavery ought to be excluded by law from theTerritories. This vote did not proceed from impulse,but resulted from deliberate conviction. The wholequestion had been argued and re-argued; and theNorthern mind at last settled in this deliberate convictionof duty. Even if every slave State shouldsecede in consequence, the masses, which have gradually consolidated in the great Republican party, aredetermined not to surrender this principle. Convictionsare not to be changed by threats. A few, whoconsider themselves as leaders of the Republicans,but who really never belonged to them, may giveway; but they will merely thereby cease to be leaden,and fall in the rear. But the masses of greatparties are logical and consistent: they move steadilyforward in the direction of their ideas. WhateverRepublican leader consents to compromise aRepublican principle for the sake of peace or union,at once disappears from all leadership in the party.Sack will probably be the fate of very many Northernmen, who will follow the footsteps of Messrs.Everett, Winthrop, Hillard, and others, into privatelife. This is inevitable. The Republican party is firmly convinced, thatthe only safety for the country is to be found in repressingslavery by all constitutional means. It hasa constitutional right to repress it in the Territories.It will not touch it in the States; but it will not failto exclude it from the Territories. Any Republicanwho consents to admit slavery into a single acre ofterritory belonging to the Union ceases to be a Republican. All talk, therefore, of reviving the Missouri Compromiseline, and all schemes of the sort, are idle,The people have lost their faith in compromises.There is an upper and a nether mill-stone of principle,between which all such compromises will beground to powder. The upper mill-stone is the conviction,that slavery is a wrong and an evil, andought to be abolished wherever we have the powerto do so: the lower mill-stone is the conviction, thatslavery is right and good, and ought to be extended.Between these two principles there can be no compromise,but only irrepressible conflict. There is alarge body, no doubt, of well-meaning but illogicalmen, who do not perceive it. They have no clear convictionon the subject. They do not know whetherslavery is right or wrong, good or bad. They thinkit is rather good, and rather bad; right here, andwrong there. They call themselves practical people,and think that they an choosing the golden mean,the safe middle way: and so they say peace, wherethere is no peace; they daub the wall with untemperedmortar, pat new wise into old bottles, newcloth into an old garment, try to serve two masters;and so loss, at last, all efficiency, and float helplessly,like driftwood, on any current. There are some question which cannot be postponedfor ever. They nut at last be decided.From time to time, there comes a day of judgmentto nations at to men, when the axe is laid at the rootof the tree. Apparently, that time has come withus in regard to slavery, when the issue must be metand the question settled. The money-market mayrefuse to see it; but the day of judgment is at hand.It comes, as it always comes, like a thief in the night,taking us wholly by surprise. It finds the foolishvirgins with no oil in their lamps; incapable, therefore,of giving us any light But there are thosewho hare long been expecting this crisis, and whoare not taken unprepared; watchmen who have seenthe sword coming, and have given the people warning;Cassandras, indeed, whose predictions have beenalways disbelieved, but have spoken their word,whether men would hear or forbear. They haveknown well that this question must at last be decided.Often have they implored the people to decide it,when it was easier than it is now: but now the timehas come when the people themselves feel that anyfurther postponement is impossible; that the issuemust be met, and met now. 
