 The workingmen of Massachusetts, assembled inFaneuil Hall, send greeting to their brethren throughoutthe United States: It is the right of a free people,who are misrepresented and misgoverned bythose in power, to take counsel together of each otherfor the redress of ther grievances. The beloved Union of thirty-three States hasbeen broken and we must not fear to inquire into thecause of this great wrong, nor to seek its redress. The believe the chief cause to have been that thepeople, North and South, have been deceived andbetrayed by politicians and office-seekers. The father of his Country, in his Farewell Address,counselled us to beware of the "misrepresentationof designing men who would excite jealousiesand heart-burnings by geographical discriminationsof Northern and Southern, and by misrepresentingthe opinions and views of other districtsof the counttry." He wise and prophetic warnings have been forgottenand disregarded. The South have beentaught to believe that the North hate them, and arepledged to trample upon their rights and destroytheir property; while the North have been taughtthat the South hold them in hatred and contempt,and are united in a hostile plan of aggression upontheir liberties. If these are the true feelings of our countrymen,corporation of the Union is impossible in "a governmentwhich derives its just powers from the consentthe governed." It is in vain for politicians to tell us that secessionis illegal.  Seven States have acceded already; andof the citizens of those States are united in theirtermination to leave the Union, no laws and no can compel them to remain. have  We very well know, that if the freemen of Masachusettswere united in the determination to leavethe Union, because they felt that they had beenarranged by years of hatred and aggression on thepart of the other States, then neither the force oflaws nor of arms could bring them back to a governmentin which they believed liberty and equalrights were impossible. Our forts might be taken, our commerce destroyed,we towns burned, as they were during the Revolution.but our free race could never be held as a conqueredpeople. Our Southern brethren are of thesame blood as we are, and we feel that if force couldbring them back into the Union, they would be fitonly to be the bondsmen of their own slaves. force Since coercion is unwise, unjust, and impossible,we must look to other means for the restoration orthe Union, and we believe that those means are inthe power of the people. Between the people ofthe States, there can be no misunderstandings, ifthey can but be brought together. We believe that the first duty of the people,South and North, is to put away forever those designingpoliticians who have deceived the people,and brought this danger upon the country. We appeal to our brethren at the South to dealwith their traitors at home, the sowers of sedition,who endeavor to mislead and misrepresent them. We on our part, will do our best here at theNorth to expose and to put down forever the mischief-makerswho have sown discord between theStates, and brought our country to the verge orcivil war. We see plainly that the ceaseless falsehoods whichhave misled the South as to our true feelings, andthe rash and wicked deeds which are charged uponour whole people, are due to a small but activeand unscrupulous party of Abolitionists, who haveadopted every disguise and joined every party inorder to accomplish their evil purposes. They were Whigs among the Whigs, and theyjoined the coalition party against the Whigs. Theyhave joined the Free Soil party, and they havejoined the American party, and they finally havejoined the Republican party. And they have betrayedthem all. We believe that now their power is at an end, becausetheir disguise of philanthropy is thrown off,and their purposes are at last known; and we doearnestly appeal to all patriots, and all honest menat the North. to pledge themselves to an unending hostilityto the principles and plant of the Abolitionists,for the following reasons:— now North. to pledge themselves to an unending hostilityto the principles and plant of the Abolitionists Because they undermine religion, and openly denythe authority of the Holy Word of God, which is therule and guide of our faith. Because they proclaim that our cherished Constitution"is an agreement with death, and a compact withbe.' Because they that, for sixteen years, they haveplotted the destruction of the Union, and desire nowto complete their work. Because they publicly boast that they have alwayshad secret societies organized to resist the laws whichthe people have made, and all are bound to obey. Refuse the murdered, Batchelder, brutallymurdered in the Court House of Boston by amob of Abolitionists, teaches us the object of thesesecret societies, and what Abolitionists mean bybenevolence and love of man. Because the bells of the New England churcheswhich the Abolitionists tolled on the day of the justexecution of John Brown, proclaimed their hatred ofthe Union and their sympathy with his wicked raid,and with his murder of peaceable citizens of Virginia. Because their pretended love for slaves a thousandmiles away is but hypocrisy. If they loved mankind,and would prevent sin, and suffering, and wrong, theycould find here at home objects more than sufficientfor the exercise of all their assumed virtues. But theirphilanthropy is mere deception—their affected sympathyis selfishness—and their feigned love for theslave, a cloak for their insidious designs. For these, and for many other reasons, we appealto all good citizens at the North—Republicans andDemocrats, Union Men and Americans—to see toit, that henceforth the pest of Abolition shall, underno disguise, be tolerated in their counsels. the pest of Abolition shall, underno disguise, be tolerated in their counsels. But to the publicans we appeal most earnestly,to avow their open hostility, because the Abolitionistshave for their own purposes, deceived the South,and taught them to believe that all Republicans areAbolitionists. Let thus be a war not of force, but of opinion; acontest of reason against fanaticism, of patriotismagainst treason; and, before many years, the nameof Abolitionist will be remembered only with contempt,,and its dishonest efforts of obtain power a subject ofderision. the nameof Abolitionist will be remembered only with contempt, In the hearts of the people of Massachusetts thereis not, nor ever has been, any feeling of hatred forthe South. Our brethren do not understand how afew active and unscrupulous men can appear tohave so much influence. The truth is, that theworkingmen care little for the strife of political partiesand the intrigues of office-seekers. We regardthem with the contempt they deserve. We areweary of this question of Slavery; it is a matterwhich does not concern us; and we wish only to attendto our business, nod leave the South to attendto their own affairs, without any interference fromthe North. We areweary of this question of Slavery; it is a matterwhich does not concern us Only in the hour of danger do we step forward todemand and enforce oar political rights. And nowthat we are obliged to come forward for the sake ofour country, we learn with profound astonishment,from the confession of the great party leaders, thatthe question which divides and distracts the country,as to whether slaves shall or shall not be admittedin the Territories, is a mare quarrel about anabstract opinion; and that, in ten rears, only twelveslaves have been domiciled in the Territories of NewMexico. Well may the people say that they mustcome forward to protect themselves from the politicians. But the workingmen of the United States haveother duties than to put down the treasonable designsof the Abolitionists. It is in our power tosave the Union, if we will but be united. Let usforget, then, forever, that we have been Whigs orDemocrats, Republicans or Americans, or Unionmen, and let the symbols and platforms and passionsand prejudices of party be discarded, never to berecalled. Let us not quibble about words, or stand obstinatelyupon slight differences of opinion, like ourRepresentatives, who dignify their perverse obstinacywith the name of principle,—but, disregardingall other objects, unite earnestly, honestly andheartily to preserve the Union. Let us form throughout the land associations ofworkingmen, whose only platform shall be, Libertyand Union, and equal rights to all. If our present Congress does not, without delay,propose satisfactory amendments to the Constitution,we can petition our respective Legislatures, andupon the application of the Legislatures of two-thirdsof the States, Congress must call a Conventionfor proposing amendments to the Constitution.In a Convention called by the people, the rights ofthe people will be safe. must To our brethren in the South we appeal, to disregardeverything bat the voice of the people. TheSenators of Massachusetts insult us, when our respectfulpetitions are presented in Congress, and ourLegislature disregards the wishes of the citizens.But the power remains in our hands, and we shallsoon have the privilege of exercising it; and thepeople, dumb so long, because accident has placedthe powers of representing them in unworthy hands,will speak for themselves—the people of the Northspeaking earnestly, honestly and frankly to the peopleof the South. brethren in the South If our Southern brethren choose to return to theUnion, we will give them a sincere and hearty welcome,and endeavor to protect them in their rights.If they prefer to cast their lot with us no longer,we will bid them "go in peace," and we will endeavorto secure to ourselves, the blessings of libertyand independence in our own government. Wewish no Union but a Union or friendship, not offorce; no associates but those who remain with us oftheir own free will. our Southern brethren The free people of the North will never sanctionthe unjust and delusive plan of coercion, nor seekin force or civil war the remedy for the presentdangers to the Union. We will never consent "tobear arms against our country, or to become theexecutioners of our friends and brethren." Let the advances which we make, frankly andboldly, be met in the same spirit, and the Unionmay yet be saved. To our brethren in the South we also say that welove the Union, because, in the words of Washington,"it is the palladium of our political safety andprosperity,—the main pillar in the edifice of ourreal independence; the support of our tranquilityat home, our peace abroad; of our safety, oar prosperity,and of that very liberty which we so highlyprize." our brethren in the South We have loved the Union as the costly inheritancewhich a noble race of patriots have banded down toa nation of freemen; sealed with the blood of thebravest of the brave, it was the bright coronalwhich crowned the suffering, and sorrow, and strife,and despair, of set en weary years of desolating war. Our Father in heaven visibly protected it by hisguiding hand. In fear and in hope, in battle andin death, and in the victory that swallows up death,our ancestors suffered, and sorrowed, and died to winit; and Washington gave it to us with his blessing. It is the golden chain that binds the past to thefuture, linking together the darkness of that longnight, and the promises of the cheerful dawn, andthe glories of the noontide of prosperity. It is the bond of brotherly kindness; for yourglory was our glory, your race was our race, yourpeople was our people, your God was our God. No mountain-peak along our coast but has itsmemories,—no ancient river but has its monuments,—no shore but has its sacred dust,—and the grassgrows green over a thousand graves once red withblood, now perchance shed in vain. We have lovedit with the unselfish love of childhood, when ourcheeks glowed and our hearts boat quick as we weretold of its marvellous history; we have loved it withthe thoughtful love of manhood living not in vain,but living for wife and child, and home, and liberty,and country; we have loved it as the day-star ofcivilization—the pledge and promise of liberty—thehope of the exile in every land; religion has lentits sanctities to it; the sweet charities of home andkindred have made it holy; and the poor and oppressedhave given it their benediction. May God in His infinite mercy save the UnitedStates of America! Mr. Wilder came forward, and said:— In connection with the address which has beenread, I have some resolutions here for the considerationof this meeting, and move their adoption. Theresolutions were as follows: Resolved, That we tender to the Hon. John J.Crittenden our sincere thanks for the manner inwhich he received and presented to Congress the memorialof twenty-three thousand citizens of Massachusetts,and for the eloquence which he vindicated themfrom the unworthy aspersions which were cast uponthe intelligence of his constituents by the Hon. Chas.Sumner, the Senator of Massachusetts. Resolved, That we respectfully request the Hon.John J. Crittenden to act for Massachusetts, as well asfor the great 8tate of Kentucky, and to present in theSenate the foregoing address, as embodying our reasonsfor the respectful petition of this meeting, thatCongress will propose such amendments of the Constitutionof the United States as will satisfy the BorderSlates, and, restore tranquillity to the country. Resolved, That copies of the foregoing address andof these resolutions be transmitted to the Legislaturesof the thirty-four United States, whether they nowconsider themselves in or out of the Union, and toall Conventions and assemblies of the people. Northand South, with the respectful request that they maybe received is the same spirit in which they are sent,and that they may be read and placed upon record asthe voice of the Workingmen of Massachusetts, assembledin Faneuil Hall. The mention of Mr. Crithenden'sname was receivedwith great cheering, and three-grace forCharier Summer. three-grace forCharier Summer. 
