 In 1839, Elizur Wright, Jr., wrote a letter toHenry B. Stanton, Esq., commencing, 'Saw onlythe streak of you,' &c., which sentence has sincegiven it the name of 'the Streak Letter,' It urgedupon Mr. Stanton the importance of getting theAmerican A.S. Society, which was to hold a meetingabout that time a Cleaveland, to take independentground against the old pro-slavery parties, andnominate candidates for the Presidency and Vicehand, conversational style, but was full of goodsense, good feeling, and honest manly sincerity.This letter was stolen from Mr. Stanton's hat, anda garbled copy if it published in the Liberator, asevidence of a dreadful conspiracy—against what, noone could ever exactly make out. Well, since then,such papers as the Standard and Liberator publishit annually, usually on the eve of some importantelection, with jusuitical comments, by which theylabor to pervert its meaning, and torture into somethingcriminal. The Standard has just re-enactedthis farce, for the purpose of injuriously affectingthe Liberty vote in Massachusetts. It will probablyhave its labor, and the contempt of all sensiblemen, for its pains. But while there is nothing inthe letter that any honest man need he ashamed of,and we have no apprehension that its periodicalpublication will injure any one but the men whothus endorse the thief who first made its contentspublic, we wish to express our conviction, that themen who thus avail themselves of the wrong of thelight-fingered rascal who purloined the letter, areas really particrps criminis with the thief, as if theyhad divided with him a bag of stolen dollars, insteadof the contents of a stolen letter. If we werefortunate enough to have silver spoons in our possession,and unfortunate enough to have such fellowslurking about our premises, we should certainlylock up the former, if the civil authoritiesdied not save us the trouble by locking up thelatter.—Hartford Charter Oak. streak stolen conspiracy thief particrps criminis Hartford Charter Oak. ☞ The following extract is from a letter whichappears in the Boston Chronotype, dated at Cleaveland,the author of which is,—we judge by its spiritand initials,—our disappointed, uncomfortable andalienated friend, George Bradburn. It shows howgreat is the change that has come over him, and howtrue is the proverb, that 'Birds of a feather,' &c. I am glad you re-published 'the streak letter'Its re-publication has done good, whether or notany was intended by the chivalrous young manwho dared you to do the deed. It has given myselfand several others a 'sober second thought' aboutthat letter. I originally imagined there was somethingabsurd, day, worse, something diabolical init. I now see it was a very sensible, a very honest,and withal, a very prophetic as well as a somewhatwitty production. Of the 'Human Rights Party'it suggested, some half a million of people havesince seen the necessity. Such a party accordinglyexists. Whether it will 'put the non-resistanceabolitionists hors du combat,' remains to be seen. Ithink it need not, unless they choose to butt outtheir brains against it. There is space enough, foreven such abolitionists to work in; though theirrelative importance must of course diminish, in proportionas people come to see the fact that slaveryis to be abolished by political action. None butknaves or asses will pretend, that it ever has been,or ever will be, otherwise peaceably abolished.And it was doubtless the fear that such a partywould diminish their relative significance, whichinspired their horror of 'the streak letter,' whichhas instigated their abuse of that party, which hastilled them with constitutional scruples againstvoting, which has given them a preference, oftenavowed, of those who vote for slaveholders, overthose who will vote for only abolitionists. Hadthere been no non-resistance abolitionists, we probablyshould have heard no pratings about the pro-slaverycharacter of our national Constitution; andthe American A.S. Society had never thrown itsridiculous disunion somerset. Mr. Garrison, beforehe became a non-resistant, used to maintainthat Constitution to he what Lysander Spooner, inthat masterly legal argument of his—an argumentwhich the railings of rhetoricians and surface lawyerssuch as Wendell Phillips, can no more disturb,than lilliputian guns could better down Gibraltar—proves it to be a thoroughly anti-slavery instrument,in both its spirit and its letter. And sofar was he then from supposing abolitionist couldnot innocently vote under it, that, on a certain occasion,he intimated to our colored friends in Boston,that they would peril the salvation of their souls,should they refuse to vote! The effrontery withwhich some people now assert that same Constitutionto be pro-slavery, 'a covenant with death. anagreement with bell,' and all that, is sublime, asLord Nor bury once said of the impudence of a witness. dared hors du combat proves G.B. 
