 A public meeting of the Anti-Slavery advocateswas held last night at the Lord Nelson-street ConcertHall, to meet a delegation of the Anti-SlaveryLeague, consisting of Mr. W. Lloyd Garrison,President of the American Anti-Slavery Society;Mr. Frederick Douglass, a fugitive from slavery inMaryland; and George Thompson, Esq., the wellknown Anti-Corn-law advocate of our own country.The hall was densely crowded, but no personappeared upon the platform other than a fewfriends of the above-named gentlemen, and whosenames were unknown to our reporter. GEORGE THOMPSON, Esq., having been unanimouslyvoted to the chair, said be would not disguisefrom them his feelings on that occasion, intaking that chair. He would have preferred, infinitelypreferred, that some other person had occupiedthat situation; but the fact was, they had askedno individual in this town to preside upon thatoccasion. They were there to utter the languageof truth on certain topics that night, in reference towhich they were ignorant of the feelings andopinions of the persons there assembled, and alsoof those out of doors in this town. They askedno man to commit himself to the smallest extent,to the views which they held on certain vexedquestions, before he had heard the whole truth uponthat question. They (the audience) were thereto listen to certain gentlemen, who, in the dischargeof their solemn duty, would bring before them thetrue character of American slavery—its true characteras exhibited in various parts of the UnitedStates, and also the conduct of certain parties inthis country, upon that subject. All he asked ofthem was, that they should listen with unprejudicedand impartial minds, and that they would holdthe parties upon that platform guiltless of any wishto influence the opinion of any human being inthe world—any farther than he in his judgementbelieved that influence to be a good influence, andthe reputation of those parties to be a good andsound one—or to go out of their way for the purposeof attacking the religious prejudices of anybody of Christians in this country. Once for allhe would deny, with all the emphasis possible, thetruth of certain malicious accusations that he hadbeen brought against the parties then before themeeting. It was not the first time that he hadstood upon a platform in Liverpool to advocate theextinction of slavery. (Cheers.) He believed thathe had the honor many years ago—in the days ofcomparative youth—of being the first person thatover addressed a large public audience in the townof Liverpool, with reference to the abolition of negroslavery. (Cheers.) From that time to thepresent, his views had remained unchanged, andhe had felt it his duty to ascertain, as far as hewas able, who were and who were not the sincereand uncompromising friends of the slave. Hewas there that night to declare his honest conviction,that there was not on the face of the globe amore devoted, uncompromising, disinterested, self sacrificingfriend of the negro than his distinguishedbrother then before him—William Lloyd Garrison.(Loud cheers.) The secret of that bitter enmitycherished against that person was, that whileother abolitionists had willingly committed themselvesto the support of anti-slavery doctrines,while popularity was to be won by their advocacy,but were very unwilling to do so when nothing butodium and hatred were to be gained, his friendGarrison, unlike such abolitionists, had been an abolitionistin all weathers, though perhaps the weatherwith which he had to contend for the last 15 or16 years had been invariably rough weather—stormy weather—weather which made many menlose courage, hide their heads, and look out forshelter. His friend's offence was this—that in theprosecution of his holy enterprise, he had not failedto rebuke, with earnestness and impartiality, theprofessors of Christianity of all denominations inthe United States, who had given the sanction oftheir names, and, what was worse, attempted togive the sanction of Christianity itself, to the unutterablyhorrid and criminal system of enslavingmen. (Hear.) There had been certain Americanministers of religion over in this country, belongingto the Presbyterians of the United States, theEpiscopalian Methodists of the United States, theBaptists in the United States, and many other religiousdenominations, going through this countrymaligning his friend—bringing charges againsthim—trying to destroy his influence, because hehad for the last 15 years been rebuking their slothfulnessand sins in the matter of slavery. He had which were the bulwarks of American slavery.That was the secret of the bitter oppositionto his friend Garrison. (Hear.) Why did Dr. Cox,of New-York, stand up in this town and utter calumnieswithout foundation, and as false as theycould be? Because that recreant abolitionist hadbeen by his friend exposed as he should be,—(cheers)—while there was a British audience inthis country that would grant him (Mr. T.) a hearing,or an impartial journal that would publish thetruth. That man had dared to say that Wm. LloydGarrison, and the parties then on that platform,were men of no> character; that they were leaguedtogether to overthrow human government; to abrogatethe Sabbath; to plead the cause of woman'srights, while they disregarded woman's honor.That they were the preachers of high treasonagainst the Government of the U. States; that theydesired to take the sword out of the hands of themagistrates; that they were taking steps to encouragea civil war in America, more unnaturalthan the battle of Chevy Chase and the Wars ofthe Roses in this country. Dr. Cox had dared toutter that language, coward as he was, withintwenty-four hours of the time when he thought heshould quit the shores of this country—before hislibels could appear in print—still more before theycould reach the eyes or ears of the absent partieswhom he accused. He (Mr. T.) declared thatevery word that that miscalled minister of religionuttered on that occasion was a falsehood.He had come there to prove it. He had challengedDr. Cox to meet him either on the platform orin the public press, and he now challenged anyfriend of that individual in Liverpool—he challengedhis esteemed friend, the Rev.W. Bevan, theLiverpool Secretary of the Anti-Slavery Society, tomeet him on that platform and defend Dr. Cox, forhaving desecrated his character as a Christian, forhaving violated his office, and brought disgrace uponhimself and Christianity, by uttering the grossestlibel ever promulgated by man. That was afree meeting: let any defender of Dr. Cox appearthat might; let any defender of the Evangelical Allianceappear; let any friend of the Free Churchof Scotland appear; and he was prepared to vacatethat chair, to give him that platform, and allowhim without limit to defend the charge he broughtagainst that individual; and he would pledge himselfto succeed in proving that there was groundfor the charge he openly preferred. (Cheers.)He had made these remarks in opening that meeting,in order that all might be in full possession ofa knowledge of the object the Anti-slavery delegateshad in view; and it would be for the meetingto judge, at its conclusion, of the character ofDr. Cox—who, professing to be the friend of theslave, brought a most unfounded charge against aman whose whole life had been devoted to thecause of the slave. He should now call on hisfriend Frederick Douglass to address them; but,before doing so, he would say a few words regardinghim. He was a slave. He stood in his mas-ter's ledger as a piece of property; they wouldhear speak that night a chattel persona', who coulddo nothing, possess nothing, that did not belong tohis master, they would hear a piece of propertysneak. (Hear, hear, and cheers.) He was still aslave, if the claim of his master could make himone, or if the law of the United States could makehim one; he was a truant slave, a runaway slave,a man that had taken the liberty of stealing himself.After being for 21 years in the condition ofslave, he escaped from it, and reached the NewEngland States. He was discovered by Garrison,thrust out into the field of anti-slavery, and in thatfield he had been one of the most devoted andsuccessful laborers that had ever entered it. Tohim they owed the revival of that feeling in thiscountry. He had been in almost every city of Ire-land and Scotland, he had addressed numerous audiencesin England, and was now there to addressthe people of Liverpool. He knew they wouldgive him such a reception as would strike terrorto the heart of the man who dared to call him his,and assume a right to the possession of his fellow-creature. He had no doubt they would about himwelcome to the free soil of England, and a wel-come to the town of Liverpool. (Cheers.) He toohad been assailed by Dr. Cox, in a manner so bru-tal, that the worst enemy Dr. Cox had in the Worldcould not wish him to do anything more to blasthis reputation for ever in this country. And howhad Frederick Douglass given offence to these Rev.gentleman, these liberty- loving, these very speechloving American Christians? They came over to atemperance convention held in London in Augustlast. One of their meetings was a large one heldat Convent Garden Theatre. Mr. Douglass was invitedto that meeting; he attended it, he was calledupon to address that large audience, and duringhis remarks he stated—upon a platform crowdedby hundreds of the most distinguished philanthropistsof the age, and surrounded by an audiencewho gave him a most cordial greeting—thatin no part of the United states, not even on thesoil of the Pilgrim Fathers, was colored manpermitted to stand upon a platform with a whiteman. Did he do wrong or right in stating thatfact ? ( Cries of 'right,' and cheers) You say hedid right last he added more to his offence—hestated that while they—these minister of religion—had made the strongest exertions for reclaimingthe while population of the United States from thedemoralizing effects of intoxicating drinks, theyhad utterly neglected the condition of three mil-lions of their black countrymen; they had donenothing in the way of inculcating habits of temperanceamong them—and those revered gentlemandid not then attempt to dozy that fact. He dideven more—he said that the colored population, insteadof belong encouraged to practice temperance—to practice the means of ennobling themselves,—had, when upon one occasion they founded a precessionfor the purpose of communicating the good workfor them slaves, been set upon by a ruthless moband the temperance hall which they had erected wasfinally destroyed by fire. That fact he stated; andconjured the minister then upon the platform, notto forgot when they went house, that there was acolored population both in the north and south ofthe U.S. that demanded their sympathy, and calledfor their impartial exertions. EORGE HOMPSON  persona stealing Mr. Thompson then read a letter sent immediatelyafter that meeting, by the Rev. Dr. Cox,to the New York Evangelist, and which was publishedin that paper, and had since arrived in thiscountry, which stated that the moral effect producedby that temperance meeting was superband glorious, until Frederick Douglass appearedupon the platform, and spoke in so a-la- mode amanner as to ruin the good influence of all theobservation that had been previously made. FrederickDouglass (said Mr. T.) most have been anextraordinary man to destroy in ten minutes theeffect of all that had been previously uttered bysome of the most talented men of this country,and the reverend delegate from the United Statesto boat. Mr. Thompson, after reading the wholeof Dr. Cox's letter, and most severely commentingupon it, said, the Doctor was the same mannow as he knew him to be when he first saw himin 1833. The first words he heard him utter wereaddressed to him ( Mr. T.) in this manner :— ' Well,sir, it is 1833 ; and so you are going to teach mycountryman And do you think you are able totell my countrymen anything that will enable themto improve their institution? He (Mr. T.) mighthave said that he thought he was; but he wasmore modest, and said, merely, that he was goingto help Mr. Garrison, in the United States. TheDr. said, ' Well, I suppose you are going to preachthe doctrine of amalgamation.' 'What is that ?''Oh, that we should marry all our daughters to negroes.'His (Mr.Thompson's) reply was, that heconsidered that quite a matter of taste, with whichhe could have nothing to do (laughter and cheers)He was going to preach the doctrine, that Slaveholdingwas a crime in the sight of God—that immediateemancipation was the duty of the slavemaster, and the right of the slave—that no manever could posses a right of property in any humanbeing. 'Oh, but,'said he ,' the people on theother side of the Atlantic preach the doctrine ofamalgamation,' and then he added- ' I wouldsooner stand by the beside of my daughter, andsee her expire, then follow her to the grave and seethe earth close over her, than see her married to acolored man.' These words (said Mr. T.) were utteredin the drawing-room of the Rev. Henry Grey,in the city of Edinburgh, in the year 1833. Thatwas the state of the Doctor's mind then, and if hehad ever been washed since that time, he had returnedlike a certain obscene animal, to his wallowingin the mire. (Cheers.) In his letter, beforenamed, Dr. Cox, speaking of the manner in whichFrederick Douglass, at that meeting at CoventGarden Theatre, launched his missiles against theUnited States, further said ' that the man had beenflattered. and used  Now he ( Mr. Thompson)would then declare, in the presence of his maker,that such an insinuation was a wilful falsehood,and that such an allegation had no foundationwhatever in truth. He had said this at Manchester,where Dr. Cox had many friends, but none ofthem had dared to came forward in his defenceWas there any one of his friends in Liverpool, whowould stand forward in defence of the man whomhe (Mr. T.) had charged with uttering that whichwas false, and which he must have known to befalse (cheers) ? Frederick Douglass had neverbeen paid by the abolitionists of this country; hehad lived by the fruits of his own pen; and as tohis ever being misled, or yielding to the promptingsof others, there was no necessity for that. He wasprompted by his own heart, and did best whenfollowing the teaching of that heart, he representedthe wrongs his sisters, his brothers, and threemillions of countrymen, whom he left in bondage.(Hear.) Dr. Cox further said in that letter, ' thathe came to this country the sympathizing friend ofFrederick Doughlass, but that he was so no longer '.Weep, Ferderick , (Said Mr. t. turning in the mostmock hevoic manner to Mr. Doughlass,) the doctorsympathizes with you no longer. It remained himof a pleasant anecdote told of a Mr. Hoby, a bootmaker, in London, who, having made a first pairof boots for a fastidious young gentlemen, whichdid not exactly fit, was waited upon the followingday by his new customer, and very pompouslytold of the fact. Mr. Hoby expressed hisdesire to have them returned, and he would makeanother pair. 'No, sir,' said the gentleman, 'I amcome to inform you I shall never give you anotherorder.' 'John,' said Mr. Hoby, 'Put up the shutters.''Why, sir,' said the shop-boy,' the sun isshinning, why should I put them up?' 'This younggentleman,' said Mr. Hoby,' says he will give meno more orders.' (Great laughter) So it waswith Frederick Douglass. He might now gohome, for Dr. Cox could sympathize with him nolonger. Mr. Thompson dwelt at still greaterlength upon the conduct of Dr. Cox, and theAmerican Evangelical delegates, in so strenuouslyopposing the anti-slavery principles of such men asGarrison, Douglass and others, in this country, andconcluded his address by observing that he had beenbrought acquainted with the character and standingof those men, and he would repeat that, with theexception of three or four of them, the rest werepractically the enemies of the cause of emancipationin the United States. ( The chairman resumedhis sent amidst loud cheers.) New York Evangelist a-la- mode  Mr. FREDERICK DOUGLASS next took the platform,and made a long and powerful speech, whichwas loudly applauded. REDERICK OUGLASS Mr. GARRISSION, on rising, was received with immenseapplause. he could not at that late hour,1–4 to 10, detain them with my observations onAmerican slavery. They had already heard Mr.Douglass—a man who had been sold as a block ;and upon the subject of slavery, after him, nothingcould be added. ARRISSION Rev. JOSHUA V. HIMES, of Boston, U.S. made abrief but highly impressive speech. OSHUA IMES Mr.THOMPSON followed in a speech of greatlength and power, in review of the proceeding ofthe Evangelical Alliance. HOMPSON Upon the motion of the Rev. Mr. CLAR ofWrexham, wales, the following resolution was put,and carried unanimously :— LAR  'That the Free Church of Scotland, in takingthe money of shareholders, and in return extendingto them the sanction of full communion with thatbody, and that of the Evangelical Alliance Conference,recently assembled in London—first, in adoptinga proposition declaring that men might beslaveholders without any fault of their own, andfrom disinterested motives ; and then, to gratify thepro-slavery spirit of the American delegates, erasingfrom their proceedings all reference to the subjectof slavery, in order to prevent a disunion, evincedin both cases as utter disregard of the correspondingspirit of Christianity, and was a virtualapproval of the acts of those who, while they professto be the followers of the great Redeemer,make merchandise of the bodies and souls of men.' A vote of thanks to the Chairman was then passedand the meeting separated at eleven o'clock. 
