 The Committee of this Society are desirous ofdirecting the attention of the inhabitants of thiscity and neighborhood to the circumstances underwhich they have been appointed. In the Autumn of the present year, three publicmeetings, most numerously intended, were held forthe purpose of considering the subject of AmericanSlavery. The first took place at the VictoriaRooms, August 25th, 1846, J.K. HFIELD,Esq., Mayor of Bristol, presiding. The audiencewas addressed by Mr. W.L. GARRISON, of Boston,and FREDERICK DOUGLASS, the fugitive slave, fromMaryland. On the 26th August, and the 2nd September,meetings were held at the Public Rooms,Broad mead, George Thomas, Esq. in the chair.On the first of these occasions, Messrs. Douglassand Garrison made powerful appeals in behalf ofthree millions of their enslaved countrymen; andat the last meeting, not fewer than 1200 personslistened with earnest attention to an eloquent addressfrom Mr. Douglass. FIELD  ARRISON REDERICK OUGLASS The purpose of the speakers was to expose thesinfulness of American slavery; to show that itscontinuance was mainly attributable to the supportafforded to it by the American Churches; and toentreat the religious bodies of this country to urgeupon the professors of Christianity in the UnitedStates, of the same communion with themselves,the duty of immediate exertions for the emancipationof the slaves from their cruel bondage. So general was the sympathy felt with these advocatesof the rights of humanity, that the followingResolutions were passed, without a single dissentient. Preamble to 1st Resolution: The cause of oppressed humanity being thecause of God, and the obligation ' to rememberthose in bonds as bound with them,' being universalin its application, and therefore not restricted byNATIONAL arrangements or GEOGRAPHICAL boundaries;and as there are nearly 3,000,000 of our fellow-menin the United States held in the gallingchains of slavery, and treated as marketable commodities—we, as Englishmen, having washed ourhands of this guilt by the emancipation of ourslave population in the East and West Indian, aredesirous of seeing slavery abolished among ourtrans-atlantic brethren, as well or the generalgrounds of our human brotherhood, as for the of those influence, which would flow from thehigh moral character and political glory of theAmerican people.  Proposed by JOSEPH HUNT, Esq., seconded byJOSEPH REYNOLDS, Esq.— OSEPH UNT OSEPH EYNOLDS That from no unfriendly feeling towards the Americannation, and with no desire to interfere withthe government and laws of another country, butwith a sincere regard for her honor, safety andprosperity, we invoke America immediately andforever to abolish her anti-republican and anti-Christianslave system, and to carry out in practiceher noble declaration, that 'all men are created equal,and that they are endowed with certain inalienablerights, among which are life, liberty, andthe pursuit of happiness.' 2nd Resolution—Proposed by Rev. T.E. TRESBY,seconded by Rev. ALFRED STONE: RESBY,  LFRED TONE That in the name of Christ, and for the love ofGod, we call upon all the churches and all the tion their country, and this grievous dishonor tothe religion of Jesus Christ.  3rd Resolution—proposed by J.B. ESTIN, Esq.,—seconded by H.C. HOWELLS, Esq.— STIN OWELLS That this meeting having heard with deep interestthe statements of Messrs. Garrison and Douglass,is desirous of expressing its cordial and fraternalsympathy with them, and the steadfast anduncompromising hand of American abolitionists,who, rising above all sectarian and party considerations,dare to carry out their principles, in theface of ridicule, persecution and obloquy. 4th Resolution—Proposed by J.B. ESTLIN, Esq.,seconded by J.E. LUNELL, Esq.— STLIN UNELL That having ascertained the fact, that the Slavepower of America assumes the right to seize andimprison all colored British subjects who may ventureinto Southern ports as Mariners or Traders,and in case of the costs, incident to their imprisonment,not being paid by themselves or their employers,to sell them at Public Auction as Slaves,this meeting is of opinion that this is a fragrant violationof the Treaty of Amity between Englandand America,—and that it is an outrage demandingearnest remonstrance from the British Government. Slavepower Mariners Traders Treaty of Amity 5th Resolution—Proposed by Rev. W. JAMES,seconded by E. TNOMAS, Esq.— That we haveheard with much pleasure of the formation of theAnti-Slavery League in London, to act in co-operationwith the American Anti-Slavery Society byevery peaceful and righteous instrumentality; thatwe agree to organize an Auxiliary to the League inBristol, that we may hasten the downfall of a system,which not only disgraces America in the eyesof the world, but which in some of its effects is directlyincompatible with the rights and liberties ofthe English people; and that the following gentlemenhe requested to act as a committee, with powerto add to their number, and that R. NORRIS, Esq.be requested to act as Secretary. AMES NOMAS ORRIS GEORGE THOMAS, EORGE HOMAS JOSEPH REYNOLDS, OSEPH EYNOLDS JOHN B. ESTONE, OHN STONE ROBERT NORRIS, OBERT ORRIS ROBERT CHARLTON, OBERT HARLTON  EDWARD THOMAS, DWARD HOMAS H.C. HOWLLS, OWLLS  JOSIAH HUNT, OSIAH UNT C.H. GREENLY, REENLY J.C. NEILD, EILD Rev.A. STONE. STONE. T.E. TORESBY, ORESBY  G. ARMSTRONG, RMSTRONG WILLIAM JAMES, ILLIAM AMES RICHARD ROWE, ICHARD OWE SAMUEL WORSLEY. AMUEL ORSLEY. The Committee indulge the hope, that those whofeel an interest in the efforts now making in thiscountry to aid the American Abolitionists, in theirattempts to free their country from the sin and disgraceof Slaveholding, will unite with the Anti-SlaveryLeague, whose object it will be to diffuseinformation respecting American Slavery by thecirculation of tracts, and occasional public meetings—to endeavor to promote Anti-Slavery exertionamong the different religious bodies of the UnitedStates—to obtain contributions for the Boston Bazaar,and pecuniary aid for the American Anti-SlaverySociety;—and to forward the cause of emancipationby such other methods as circumstancesmay point out. Persons desirous of joining the Bristol Anti-SlaveryLeague, are admitted upon the payment ofOne Shilling, for which they will receive a Card ofMembership. ☞ The editor of the Charter Oak attendedthe late meeting of the American Board of Missioners,and saw some things that were curious.He says,— 'We saw a curious kind of benevolence also.When intelligence was read concerning the per-secutions of Mr. King, and a few Armenians,great numbers wept, and were deeply moved:most servant prayer was offered for them. Thosesame men turn a deaf ear and stony heart to us,when we tell them of the worse wrongs of threemillions of their own countrymen; will not prayfor them, and denounces us as mere emissaries ofthe devil when we plead and pray for them. Allthis was very curious. We could not forbear asking,why is it right and noble for Mr. King to breakthe laws of Greece, and mean and wicked for Mr.Torrey to break the laws of Maryland? Howmuch of this sympathy for Mr. King is fashionand sentiment? We are very curious to see trueanswers to such questions.' threemillions 
