 In our first notice of the pro-slavery doings ofthe Alliance, we predicted that it would give dissatisfactionto British Christiana, and that secondsober thoughts would seek utterance in loud protestsand remonstrances. Well, we were not mistaken;the first voice has been heard, and it hasbeen like the voice of thunder. A public meetingwas held in Exeter Hall, London, on the 14th ult.,to review the proceedings of the Evangelical Alliance,in relation to American slavery and the Americanslaveholders. It is said that not less thansix thousand persons were present. We shouldbe pleased to present our readers with the wholeproceedings as contained in the report of the LondonPatriot, but they would occupy too much space.We will give such extracts as will indicate the toneand character of the meeting. The character ofthe meeting may be understood from the characterand remarks of the chairman. He is among themost prominent independent ministers of England.Dr. Campbell and other distinguished ministerswere present.—True Wesleyan. True Wesleyan. THE EVANGELICAL ALLIANCE. We have justperused a 'Discourse on the Evangelical Alliance,'delivered by the Rev. Wm. P. Tilden, Minister ofthe second congregational church in Concord, N.H. This discourse is published by request, and iscertainly well worth a perusal. The base, cowardly,unchristian, and ungodly truckling of the 'Alliance'to the slavery Moloch is laid completelybare by Mr. Tilden. He fully and clearly exposesthe utter folly of the one-sided test question ofmembership, which would exclude three quartersof the Christian world from its Christian embrace,for disagreeing upon ' doctrinal points,' while ithugs to its heart of hearts, those Southern orthodoxpirates, who, vulture-like, feed and fatten uponthe heart's blood of the poor down-trodden slave.—New England Washingtonian. HE VANGELICAL LLIANCE. New England Washingtonian. ☞ We heartily thank Mr. Tilden for his sermonin review of the character and proceedings of the Alliance. It is pertinent and timely.—Ed. Lib. Ed. Lib. 
