 In Vol VII. of the second series of 'Collections ofthe Massachusetts Historical Society,' is the followingletter, which was transmitted for publication bythe late venerable Timothy Pickering of Salem, whosays of its author— ' I have known Mr. Matlack aboutforty years. He is now (January, 1819,) probablyapproaching to ninety years of age,' with mentalpowers in full vigor, and remarkable bodily activity.This letter contains much useful historical information,respecting the abolition of slavery in Pennsylvania;but we are hardly prepared to receive itsstatements respecting William Penn, especially inregard to that 'original letter' which Mr. Matlacknever saw, and which he could not find, and also tothe assertion that William Penn left some of his fellow-creaturesin slavery, as property by bequest. HILADELPHIA DEAR SIR: EAR IR The inquiry you make respecting the abolitionof slavery, I suppose is meant to he general, withoutregard to exact dates, and shall, therefore, giveyou what occurs to me upon the subject on thatground. The practice of slave keeping in Pennsylvania,commenced with the first settlement of theprovince, and certainly was countenanced by WilliamPenn. An original letter from himself to hisagent here, finds fault with the agent for havingpurchased 'redemptioners' as servants, instead ofAfricans, who would, eventually, have been cheaper.This letter was in the hands of John Pemberton,formerly of this city, so late as about 1756.About a year ago, I sought for it, expecting to findit in the hands of Sally Zane, sister to John's widow,into whose hands his papers, and great part of hisproperty fell; but it was not to be found. Penn lefta family of slaves behind him; one of which, I haveoften conversed with, and he always spoke of himselfas Penn's body servant. He lived to extremeold age, and continued a gardener at Penusburyhouse, near this city, comfortably provided for, tothe last of his days. Slave keeping, of course, becamegeneral among 'Friends' (as that people calledthemselves.) There were, however, at a veryearly period, some independent minds, in the middleclass of that people, sternly opposed to the practice,as being altogether inconsistent with Christianmorality; but they met with severe rebuke, not onlyfrom individuals, but likewise from the society, bothin New Jersey and Pennsylvania, long before thetime of Lay and Sandiford, who are now spoken ofas if the opposition to slave keeping originated withthem, or one of them. A copy of memoirs concerningthese two men having been presented tome by the author, I indulged myself in makingnotes in the margin, as I read them. That copy, Ienclose you, with the notes unaltered, confiding inyour candid allowance for the manner of the notes,which were intended solely for myself. certainly Of the early transactions of the Society of 'Friends',respecting this subject, I will mention two instancesthat have come to my knowledge, supported bythat kind of evidence that they obtained full creditBucks county, whose name, I think, was Lang-horne, who, under the sanction of the having gone on a visit  society of people inMaryland, on observing the manner in which theAfricans were treated in that province, struck withthe injustice of the practice, returned home, andprivately emancipated all his slaves, and then, witha clear conscience, returned to accomplish, the objectof his pious errand. His coming home, whileon his visit, was, it seems, contrary to the disciplineof the Society in such case, and he was to accountfor it as a transgressor. His apology of emancipation,(as the story was related to me more than fiftyyears ago,) far from giving satisfaction to the meeting,tended rather to increase the offence, and hewas continued 'under dealing' for a length of time,and, although as approved speaker among them,was discountenanced for a length of time. Theexample touched the pride of the high professingaristocracy.   The other case is that of Robert Zane, of Gloucestercounty, in New Jersey, the grandfather of thetwo very respectable ladies above mentioned, asrelated to me by their father, Isaac Zane, when hewas upwards of eighty years of age. He told methat his father, when rather a young man, was disownedby Friends, in consequence of his zeal inbearing 'his testimony' against slave keeping; addingthat, although his father was a man of acknowledgedexemplary conduct, he never after regainedhis membership during a very long life. A circumstanceso extremely improbable as this, I shouldhave reluctantly related, had it not been again relatedto me by one of the ladies above mentioned,about a year ago, and who is now living in thiscity, ready and willing to confirm it, on the authorityof her father's relating the came to her. She inheritedfrom her brother, Isaac Zane, late of Virginia,a number of slaves to a great amount in value,which she, inheriting, also, the principles of hergrandfather, and father, immediately emancipatedin due form of law; but firmly refused to hear fromany of them a single worit of acknowledgment forit as 'a donation.' 'It was (said she to me) thehappiest day of my life.' Alas for the world! Withouta miracle, when she leaves it with much a soul,she will leave not a spark of it behind her. Andtwice alas! that it is too late for her 'to save herselfby repentance and amendment of life." with much a soul The earliest emancipation that has come to myknowledge, was by Henry Burr, in New Jersey,who died about the year 1742. He was my mother'sbrother. He left all this slaves free; the eldest athis death, and the younger ones as they came ofsuitable age. Some of their family remain nearMount Holley, and continue to maintain a fair characteras industrious, sober, honest people; and Ihave heard, possess some real estate. The eldestof them lived till about the year 1762. Her characteryou may learn from the following epitaph, whichI wrote for her grave-stone, at the time of her death;which, as I felt when I wrote, still remains on mymemory, to wit: 'In memory of Maria, a faithful female slave, oncethe property of Henry Burr, and by him set free atthe time of his death. This stone is set up by onewho was present, when by accident she saw the sonof her master's grandson, and observed the tears of affectionflow from her aged eyes. Reader, if thou hasta slave, treat him with humanity for her sake.' Permit me to observe, that it seems as if the timeis rapidly approaching, when to suppose an American'reader' should hold a slave, should be a grossabsurdity. reader hold a slave The next emancipation, within my knowledge,was by Peter White of Haddonfield, Gloucestercounty, New Jersey, who lived and died in a houseadjoining to that in which I was born. He marriedanother slaughter of Henry Burr. He died withina year or two after the death of his wife's father.Peter, also, left a family of slaves free; providing,however, that his male slave should lay by a smallsum annually, for his own support, in case of inabilityto maintain himself. Yet, neither of thosecases were passed by without some unpleasant remarksof disapprobation. The 'public Friend'who attended Haddonfield meeting, died abroad, ona religious visit, in October, 1742, about two yearsbefore I left that village; and I always understoodthat he left his blacks in slavery; although he wasuniversally esteemed as among the most entireableof men. He was both the priest and the physicianof the village. One of Peter White's slaves, bornin the year 1728,* is yet living and in health, in hiseighty-ninth year, having supported the characterof an honest man through his long life. He is myoldest acquaintance, and I never heard an uncivilword from him is all my life. He has obtainedand d served might have been liberated seenafter, but none other came to my knowledge, aboutthat time. It was certainly not then fashionableto set slaves free. * In this situation, things remained for eight or tenyears; but the writings of Lay and Sandiford wereworking in the closets of very many 'Friends,' andof some few of other societies; and to these weresoon added as a new leaven, the writings of Benezetand Woolman, both mild but persevering men,whose heart and soul were engaged in pursuit oftheir object; and they spared no pains nor expenseto have their works spared. Benezet was wellheard by other societies—he was the son of aFrench Huguenot who left his country on accountof his religious principles. Woolman was the sonof a third daughter of the same Henry Burr, andwas attended to in the 'Yearly Meeting of Friends,'not less on account of his modest demeanor, thanfor a supposed strength of mind and perseveringzeal in whatever he undertook; and the argumentsagainst slave keeping, being altogether unanswerable,the 'Yearly Meeting' began to lean in favor ofthe 'oppressed Africans,' and after a hard struggle,ventured to recommend their emancipation: yet thecontent did not suddenly cease; 'twas long and arduous.Pride, custom, interest and avarice foughtperseveringly against humanity, justice and religion.I say pride, because the aristocracy of the day heldthe greatest proportion of slaves—and they werebecoming the badge of a rising order among us;and it was parted with very reluctantly. recommend The ministers and elders gave way first, and thehigher among the professors next, and so on inthat order to a very considerable extent in numberand character; there yet remained, however, agreat body who had less pretensions of piety atstake, who appeared determined to make a firmstand in opposition, that might produce very seriouseffects on the Society. And these followed, forsome time, a solemn boding pause. But a bold, decisive character came forwardamong them, and pressed for the final measure of'disowning' all who disregarded the 'advice ofFriends;' and he was supported by a 'minister' ofgreat address and high reputation from Chestercounty; and when a crisis appeared to have beenat hand, that would have produced the most seriousconsequences, an event took place, that, althoughunseen as to its effect in this case, operated upon itwith irresistible force. The celebrated SamuelFothergill, whom I have always considered as thegreatest pulpit orator of the age, arrived from England.He had risen to the pinnacle of religiousprofession, was master of a style purely classical, apowerful voice, distinct articulation, and with astrong and correct emphasis, and a solemnity ofmanner beyond all other men. He preached andbore all before him, and he gave a force and effectto the measures, of the meeting that could not bewithstood. He preached the gospel in its greatoutline, as you will perceive by one of his texts,that now occur to my memory—'For, I determinedto know nothing among you, save only Jesus Christand him crucified.' You will conceive of his styleand manner of .Samuel Adams Boston:'When he prayed (said heto me)it seemed as if heaven and earth werebrought together.'   The Yearly Meeting, thus supported in the exerciseof church authority, resolved to disown allwho persisted in holding slaves, and a very generalcompliance followed; very few indeed having beendisowned for contumacy; and it was found thatthe loss was much less than had been calculated.Few slaves left their old masters, and the wagespaid them was little more than the cost of clothingthem: their food was the same. It was not longbefore it was announced to the world, that therewas not a slave held by any member of the Societyof Friends in Pennsylvania or New Jersey! A circumstancethat ashed a lustre on the Society, whichwas never before seen among that people, and whichtime itself will never tarnish: and it will foreverremain a subject of astonishment, that a peoplecapable of such a recovery, should ever have committedsuch an error. In the 'Yearly Meeting' of Friends, no importantquestion is ever decided on, until, as they expressit, Friends appear to be 'of one mind.' Hence, Isuppose, that dates, should reference be had to their recordsfor dates, they will, generally, be foundrather later than I have stated them from recollection. one mind. To account, in some sort, for the manner of thissketch of what you inquire after, it is proper to informyou, that form the year 1749, I was in thefamily of a respectable elder of the meeting, in hisfull confidence, did all his writing, and was wellacquainted with many of the most respectablemembers, ministers and others; and attended their'meeting of business.' And I shall offer you noapology for relating to you the following circumstance,which the present subject brings to myrecollection. It will tend to open to you the characterof the times: you have known me in mylatter life, and I have no objection to your knowingme in my earlier days. all John Woolman, whose name has been alreadymentioned, was the son of my mother's sister, aman of unexampled industry and self-denial, of amild and benevolent disposition, and accustomedto close thinking in his way, and not slightly tincturedby what some call fanaticism, and others callreligion, had conceived in the year 1757, that itwas his duty to pay a religious visit to the peopleof Maryland on the subject of slave keeping, andcommunicated 'his concern' to me, and, althoughmuch younger than himself, he asked my 'sentiments'upon the occasion. I loved the man, butwas afraid of the austerity of his principles, andtherefore endeavored to evade saying any thing tohim upon the subject; but he would not be setaside, and pressed with much earnestness to 'expressto him any sentiment that should occur to mymind on the subject.' After reflecting for a fewmoments, I observed to him, that 'were I to go onsuch a visit, I should think it proper to be exceedinglycautious what I said on such a subject. Thatconsidering that God governed the world in infinitewisdom, and by means of which we had no meansof fully comprehending, it struck me as possiblethat he might have introduced that people intothis country to give them a knowledge of Christianitynecessary to prepare them for a government oftheir own in this country.' He made no reply, but,as I afterwards understood, he made his visit, advisedkindness and forbearance towards their slaves,and returned well satisfied with what he had done,and perhaps quite as reasonably satisfied with whathe had left undone.† done left undone. † Little did I then expect, that, sixty years afterward,I should hear of a colorization of that peopleunder a republican Congress; and from what I seein the Mayor's Court of this city, of the conduct ofthe people of color among us, much reason have Ito doubt if they are much improved, by their residenceamong us. But it would be uncandid net toadd, that there is in this city a few of these peoplewho are valuable citizens. For example, a sailmakerin my neighborhood, tells me that during thepast year, he has received from one mercantilehouse, in the course of his business, upwards of'seven thousand dollars!' Should the project of colonization be adopted, Iwish it success; but I ask myself, shall we undertaketo defend them; or shall we leave them to themercy of the tyrants of the world? and then leavethe answer to he made by the wisdom of Congress. As to our law for the gradual abolition of slavery,it was an expression of the will of the majority ofthe people of Pennsylvania, in support of the greatfirst principle of our government, 'All men areborn free and equal,' and that majority has increasedto a magnitude that promises unanimity. It borehard on some widows and orphans, but the numberwas much fees than had been estimated. As to the 'abolition society,' it was formed by abody of well-meaning men, for the purpose of supportingthe abolition law, and whatever errors theymay have committed, very few were intentional,and those not worth inquiring after. We hear verylittle more of them in this city. Their occupationis nearly 'gone.' I really rejoice that the Union continues to receivethe advantages of your experience and patriotism;and ought not to grieve that for seven years past,they have so little occasion for mine. I shall then,only, have lived too long, when my old friends shallhave forgotten me; of the very few who remain, Ihave long claimed you as one of them—and I am sincerely, and with 'high consideration,' Yours, T. MATLACK. Hon. William Findley. * 'The first time I ever heard the word cube mentioned,was respecting the date of the years whichthis man was born; it was 'the cube of twelve,' equalto 1728, in which year three or four boards of Haddonfieldwere also born. * 'The first time I ever heard the word cube mentioned,was respecting the date of the years whichthis man was born; it was 'the cube of twelve,' equalto 1728, in which year three or four boards of Haddonfieldwere also born. cube † 'He died in England a little beyond middle age,(greatly lamented) on a religious visit—and, by themeeting, has been spoken of us having 'prohibited'of his own death. † 'He died in England a little beyond middle age,(greatly lamented) on a religious visit—and, by themeeting, has been spoken of us having 'prohibited'of his own death. prohibited 
