 When the grand design of forming the Evan-gelical alliance was originally contemplated, andwhen recently that design was accomplished, itwas not expected by its friends and supports thatit was never to be assailed by the breath of calum-ay. It was well known, on the contrary, that theenemies of union of love, and of religion, wouldseek every opportunity to find fault with its pro-ceedings, to asperse its foremost advocated, and, ifpossible, to create dissension and division in itsranks. Those enemeis have already made their appear-ered under the name of 'The Anti-Slavery League.'They are travelling through all parts of the coun-try, attacking the Alliance in terms the most of-fensive, and heaping all sorts of abuse and vilifica-tion upon the heads of its ablest, its most honoreddefenders; and all this, we presume, they are do-ing under the absurd notion, that even good andlaudable causes are best advanced by the use ofsuch unworthy weapons. On the night of Monday last, they made theirappearance at the Concert-Hall, in this town; andwe know not that we ever listened to such an out-pouring of indiscriminate censure and obloquy asthey indulged in on that occasion for the space offour hours and a half. It was pleasant to see thatno gentleman of Liverpool took the chair, and thatthey were obliged to vote one of themselves into it,namely, Mr. George Thompson, why for two hoursat least, out of the four and a half, and the work ofhis employers in the abusive strain. The Rev. Dr. Cox was most foully assailed bythe Chariman. In fact, if the Doctor had been oneof the  characters that ever landed upon Brit-tish soil, he could not have  had more insulting epi-thets applied to him.  Dr. Cox's offence is two-fold. First his deserved-ly high standing in the American churches gavehim a commanding influence at the meetings of theAlliance, and through his instrumentality, the ques-tion of slavery was then disposed of in a mannerstatisfactory to all parties; secondly, he sketchedthe characters of these Anti-Slavery League dele-gates, and left it on record at the time of his de-parture from our shores. The second appears tobe the greater offence of the two, if we are to judgeby the acrimony with which he is now assailed.he know them well on his own country; and whatdoes he tell us of them? Why, that 'they are menof no character, who are endeavoring to pull downthe church, to overthrow the government, to abro-bate the Sabbath, to destroy or mystify the ordi-nance of marriage, talking of woman's rights as ifnothing was to be said of woman's honor—menwho would take the sword from the thigh of themagistrate, and who were coming here to preju-dice the public against the wisest and best men inthe republic.' To be called 'an infidel' is, it seems, very dis-tasteful to Mr. Garrison, as it always has been,and always will be, even to openly profession dis-believers. And yet what oozed out towards theand of the proceedings on Monday right, not fromhim but from a Rev. Mr. Clare of America wholoved the resolution? Why, that when Mr. Gar-rison visited the city of Boston, a short time since,he was surrounded by—whom do you think?Christians of every or of any denomination? No;that by the disciples of Tom Paine! This fact, tak-en in connexion with what Dr. Cox and the editorof the Witness have said, speaks volumes, and can-not be too generally known. the disciples of Tom Paine The next tirade of abuse was indulged in to-wards the Free Church of Scotland, for having, asMr. Thompson said, received the money of slave-holders, and having refused pursuant to the wishesof the people of Scotland, to send it back. Now,the Free Church has, over and over again, explain-ed the grounds on which it accepted and retainshis money; and we know not of any church inthese countries, which has more vigorously and el-oquently denounced slavery throughout the world,than has the church thus wantonly assailed. Itholds that its conduct in the matter has been fullyjustified; and we know well that, depending as itsvery exitence does, humanly speaking, upon thebreath of publick opinion in Scotland and England,it is very unlikely to come to such a conclusionupon light and trivial grounds. The view it hastaken of the question are upon record; and althoughMessrs. Thompson and Co. have been lately mak-ing an incursion into Scotland and agitating coun-ter views, we have not heard th at they have suc-ceeded, as was their object, in shaking the peoplein their allegiance to the Free Church, whichdoubtless they would have done, had the FreeChurch acted corruptly. The next vial of wrath was opened and pouredout upon the head of the Evangelical Alliance, forhacing, in one way or other as they allege, identi-fied itself with slavery and slaveholders. Mr.Thompson undertook to prove the charge; and heendeavored to do so by giving his version of whatpassed at the private meetings of the conference.He represented that a certain general resolutionwas first brought forward—that then an amend-ment was proposed to exclude slaveholders—thatthat amendment was not adopted—that committeeswere appointed to confer—that, finally, the confer-ence separated without passing any resolution onthe subject, and with omitting all mention of 'sla-very from their proceedings; and all these resolvesand re-resolves, and lastly no resolve whatever,identified them, as he contended, with slavery.But, even upon his own showing, there never was abill of indictment so badly sustained. It aboundedin flaws, which even has own dexterous sophistrycould not prevent the public from detecting. Hiswas a piece of special pleading, cunningly devised,and eloquently delivered but, the premises beingweak, the conclusion was unsound.  Mr. Thompson seemed to forget throughout, theobject for which the Alliance has been formed. It isnot, he should remember, an anti-slavery alliance, butalliance of ministers and members of various evan-galical churches, to promote unity and love amongstthose who have been no long at variance. Hesays that they have no right to admit slaveholdersitno fellowhsip with them, because those slavehold-ers are carrying on an unchristian traffic. But, if hisargument were legitimately pursued, what rightto ask, would they have to admit wine-merchantsor publicans into membership. For these traders,temperance advocates will tell you, carry on an un-christian traffic also. In short, admit the principleof exclusion once, and where are you to stop? What the Alliance have done appears to be this,and no more:—They have laid down a certain doc-trinal basis, to which the public are called upon tosubscribe. If they can do so conscientiously, theythey are eligible as members, if not, they are ex-cluded. In the progress of the discussions in Lon-don, it was reported by the American delegates,that there were slaveholders in America—not slave-holders of their own fault, or for their own in-terest— who could subscribe to the doctrinal basis,and who were anxious to become members; andwith respect to the admission of such slaveholders,it was understood that the American branch of theAlliance should exercise their own discretion, sub-ject to the approval of the English and Continentalbranches. This is the extent of their offending; and for thisare they slandered in language the most opprobri-ous. Mr. Thompson thinks they ought to havegone out of their way to assail the slaveholders, ashe has been in the habit of doing, with the vilestepithets. He imagines that men will be induced togive up a thousand million of dollars in the value otheir slaves, and a thousand million of dollars moreon the depreciation of their lands, in consequenceof the want of laborers to cultivate them, because,forsooth, they are called a parcel of 'tyrants,''thieves,' 'atrocious monsters,' and 'murderers.'Now, Dr Cox thinks otherwise; and we should infinitelyprefer the opinion of the Doctor any day toten thousand opinions given by the pseudo friendsof the slave connected with this League. Dr. Coxdelivered an admirable speech on this subject at theMusic-hall the day before he sailed in the GreatBritain, in which he showed that kind argumentshad already worked wonders is freeing many of theStates altogether of slavery, and that unscrupulousabuse had exasperated the masters in other States,and actually prevented them from freeing themselvesof the yoke, It is upon this advice—the advicenot only of Dr. Cox, but of all the Americandelegates, save one or two—that the Alliance seemswilling to act. Such advice, in fact, is in exactunison with the great principle upon which theAlliance was based—that of universal love andkindliness towards mankind; and we hope to seeit exemplified in all their proceedings at home aswell as abroad. ☞The following article shows its paternity, at aglance. It is from the paper ludicrously styled theBoston 'Olive Branch'—a paper so vulgar and bitterin its tone, so unprincipled in its design, and sodemoralizing in its influence, that its existence andextensive circulation are appalling indications of thedepraved taste, manners and morals of the times. Itis edited by two 'reverend' impostors—Norris andLovell—whose filthy minds and consummate impudenceare conjointly needed, but which amply suffice,to produce such a pestilent journal. Their frequentfoul-mouthed and libellous attacks upon as we regardas the highest conceivable encomiums. ☞DOUGLASS, the runaway negro slave, who, withThompson, and English radical, Wright and Garrisontraitor Yankees, has been trying to induce theEnglish government to go to war with the UnitedStates, to do away slavery, has had money raised inScotland to purchase his liberty. We suppose hewill now return to the United States. For his andhis colleagues' safety, it is well they have not beenable to dupe the English government into a warwith us. Had they succeeded, if caught, Douglass,Garrison and Wright would be hanged or shot fortreason. They are traitors, and deserve to be hatedand despised by all good men and true. Africanslavery is a national calamity and a sin, but ablessing and a virtue, compared to the horrors ofcivil and foreign war, such as Garrison &Co. areendeavoring to bring upon the country. OUGLASS 
