 A correspondent of the New-York Tribune givesan interesting account of the capture and liberationof three runaway slaves, at Chicago, Ill., a few dayssince. About 10 o'clock of Wednesday, the 28th, fourcolored men arrived in the city in an open wagon,which stopped and left its passengers on one of theprincipal corners on the Main (Lake) street of thecity. The men were walking about and viewingthe town, when about eleven o'clock, A.M., threeof them were suddenly seized by a man callinghimself Gallagher, assisted by Deputy SheriffRhines. Gillagher professed to be the agent of aMr. Walsh, of St. Louis county, Mo., who, he said,was the owner of the negroes arrested. Rhines is adegraded, drunken wretch, ready and accustomedto assist in the most nefarious schemes for moneyor office, whom the locofoco Sheriff of this capitalcity of political Egypt has made his deputy. NeitheirRhines nor Gallagher had any writ or processwhatever, when they arrested the negroes, but theymarched them to the office of Esquire Kercheval,a locofoco Justice of the Peace, who they had nodoubt would deliver them up to be conveyed toMissouri. The news soon spread through thestreets, and within half an hour, the followinghandbill was pasted on every corner and distributedliberally through the streets: owner any writ or processwhatever 'Citizens of Chicago! A daring attempt is at thismoment being made to kidnap THREE MEN, and  All who believe that a mantaking place. Shall they be taken?' Citizens of Chicago!   Within an hour, three thousand persons musthave been in the street opposite Kercheval's office,but the deers were locked, and all admittance refused,except to the Counsel on both sides. James H.Collins and L.C.P. Freer, Esqrs., appeared for thecolored men, and Henry Brown and B.S. Morris,Esqrs., for the slave-hunter. After their arrived inthe office, Kercheval issued a warrant for their apprehensionas runaway slaves. J.H. Collinsmoved to quash the warrant, contending for thewant of authority in any magistrate to issue it. Kercheval,despite the locofoco halter, quashed thewarrant, but made amends by deciding that theparty might proceed to prove the colored menslaves, and his authority and right as owner's agentto receive them. Mr. Collins then made an objectionto the reception of parole evidence to provethe existence of slavery in Missouri, which was sustainedby the Court and a temporary suspensionof proceedings granted, while the counsel for theslave-hunters were searching for a copy of thestatues of Missouri. The Justice and officers wentdown the stairs to talk with the multitude in thestreet, and Gallagher was left alone to guard thecolored men, who, with their counsel and four orfive others who had gained admittance when thedoor was opened from time to time, were left alonein the room, which, by the way, was in the secondstory. At this time, some one knocked twice fromwithout for admittance, the door was opened byGallagher, and at that moment the colored men gotup and walked straight out without any resistance,save an ineffectual effort from Gallagher to detainthem. The stairs were clear until they reachedthe bottom, when being recognized, they were verysuddenly spirited away amid the acclamations ofthousands of citizens of all parties, sects and conditions,among whom were five clergymen. All this wasdone without force and without disturbance. Theirescape was sudden and accidental, by the unaccountablecarelessness of the officer and slave-hunter,who, between the suddenness of the escapeand the popular demonstration, seemed quite bewilderedand confounded. but the deers were locked, and all admittance refused After their arrived inthe office 
