 If the State of Connecticut is not dishonoredamong her sisters by the machinations of the of traitors that have finally succeeded in seizingupon the legislative and executive departments ofher government, it will not be because the personsent to t he Senate of the United States in place ofTruman Smith to fill out the remainder of thepresent Congress by the conjoint Whig and Abolitionvotes of the Legislature of Connecticut, is to the most  and revolting assaultsupon the Constitution of our beloved country.We refer to Mr. Gillette, and more particularlyto his a  and inflammatory speech inthe Senate on the 6th of July last. Mr. Gilletteis one of the senatorial twins born of the lost remarriagebetween the Whigs and Abolitionists ofConnecticut and he comes here to perform hispart of this base covenant. He comes here to attackthe Constitution to assail the South, to libelhis country, and to defy the lessons of her holypast.     This Mr. Gillettts is one of our moral masters, aspecter of the Bible, a lover of religion, and avehemently moral man, no doubt. He embarksagainst slavery as against an unchristian and Goddefyinginstitution—to put down which, all thegood men are to combine; and, as he is one ofthese good men, he begins his task with a bald,willful, and deliberate falsehood. Who supposes,for instance, that he did not know that he was utteringa libel upon the truth when he declared that'this government participates in the diabolicalwork of enslaving and imbruing man'? And yethe rolls the whites of his eyes to heaven, and asksothers to believe it! bald, Connecticut whiggery and abolition, speakingthrough Mr. Gillette, wants to see 'this government—President, Judges, Congress and all—speedilyrescued from the  embraces of that great southern,' &c. from the  embraces of that great southern,' &c.   Our pious Mentor is not only addicted to falsehood.as we have shown, but to obscene and ribaldry! And, pray, upon whom? This Mr.Gillette of ours, himself reeking from the stewsof abolition, and doubtless ready for the foetid ritesof amalgamation, likens out Southern State, to aprostitute, and our executive, judiciary and Congressto her followers! This is truly complimentary,coming, as it does, from one boasting of hispatriotism, and clamorous of his virtue. It is instructive,however, when the hireling echo of thetraitors of Massachusetts uses such language tothe representatives of a great people in the variousdepartments of the government! It is a practicalcomment upon the necessity of vigilance on thepart of all true friends of the Union.  This Connecticut representative of New Englandtreason, pleased with the opportunity and with theimpunity allowed to him of insulting the Americanpeople in the American Senate, goes on in thefollowing strain. Referring to the Fugitive Slave Law, he says: 'It was conceived in sin, shapen in iniquity, and baptizedin blood. It has no rival in its savage brutality—nothing in the code of any civilized nation to comparewith it, but towers alone in its detestable pre-eminenceof atrocious, unmitigated villainy. I will never affrontthe Constitution of my country so much as to hold upthis frightful Gorgon before it, and ask the question,Is it Constitutional? Rather will I assist to drive itback howling to its native hell, if it would not be tooterrible an infliction on the dammed. Tell me that myconstitutional oath imposes an obligation upon me toobey this infernal act—i spurn the deed, I scorn the behest,I defy the authority. As if our fathers intendedtheir children should act the slave-hunter had the bloodhoundfor the slaveholder; as if they  to ussuch an inheritance of crime, brutality, and shame!  'The Constitution which I swore to observe and maintainwas ordained "to establish justice and secure theblessings of liberty;" and, in accordance therewith,expressly declares that "no person shall be deprived oflife, liberty, or property. without due process of law."By this I stand; by this I will be judged. no person shall be deprived oflife, liberty, or property. without due process of law. 'I know that Connecticut, in the olden time, was libeledby a tory renegade, who  to Englandto perpetrate his vindictive falsehood, as the Blue-LawState; but, by the blessing of God, the numerous progenywhich he left behind him shall never fasten uponher the damning infamy of the Black-Law State.'  This Mr. Gillette is one of a more rabid schooleven than the Senator from Massachusetts, Mr.Sumner, who appeals to violence against the law,or than the Ohio representative, Mr. Giddings, whois so eager to enforce upon the South the threat ofgiving 'their roofs to the flames and their flesh tothe eagles.' It would be an agreeable pastime if, arterthe fashion of one of the kings of old, he couldshoot down the slaveholders, or the officers of thelaw, from his own balcony: alternating his amusementby occasional denunciations of such slaveholdersas Washington and Madison. But he isnot only refined in his cruelty, but elevated in hisidea of conscientious obligations. He can take anoath, this chaste and gentle butcher, and break it,too, like an egg-shell. He swears to obey the Constitution,with a reservation; and when told thereis but one construction to be placed upon that sectionwhich makes it a solemn duty upon the Northto restore all fugitive slaves to their owners—whenhe sees and knows that, in seventy years, there hasnot been one reasonable exception to this plain andpopular understanding of that section—an understandingratified by the Congress of 1793, by thehighest court in the land—even the Supreme Courtof the United States—and by Congress—and thatno man can, without the blackest perjury, oath to support the Constitution of the UnitedStates, and reject the unvarying testimony of morethan half a century of witnesses, including Washingtonhimself—he turns from you with indignation,and shouts his defiance alike of his oath andof the Constitution. When we reflect that if onesuch spirit as this Mr. Gillette had obtained a footholdin the first constitutional convention, we mightnever have had a Constitution at all, we can morefully appreciate the contempt and indignationwhich such language as that we quote must exciteamong the people of the Souther States—,among genuine Americans every where. with a reservation   
