 ☞ Here are witnesses whose mentioned settle thequestion—the advocates of -stealing and perpetualslavery calgiving Father Mathew!     Since the arrival in this country of the great Apostleof Temperance, he has been subjected to theimportunities of the pestilent knaves who, under theleadership of Wm. Lloyd Garrison, are stormilywaging war upon the South and her institutions.The abolitionists have made formal and insidiousefforts to entrap Father Mathew into their meetings,and to make him an accomplice in their iniquitousdesigns—but in rain. The excellent old priest hastoo much good seae to sanction, either by word ordeed, the  projects of a faction that is constantlystriving to now the seeds of animosity betweenthe different sections of the country. Withwanted courtesy, but with marked decision, he hasdeclined all their invitations to participate in theirproceedings.   Garrison, the champion of the abolitionists—irritatedand angry at the failure of his attempts to caoleFather Mathew, has published a version of theinterviews which he had with the reverend father.We have read this account, one-sided and partial asit is, and find that the sentiments expressed by FatherMathew are highly creditable to him, and suchas become any foreigner sojourning in our country,and receiving its liberal hospitalities. In reply toGarrison's entreaties to unite with the abolitionistsas the celebration of the anniversary of British WestIndia Emancipation, he said: 'I have as much as Ican do to save men form the slavery of intemperance,without attempting the overthrow of any otherkind of slavery. Besides, it would not be proper tocommit myself on a question like this, under presentcircumstances.' And when still more eagerly solicitedby Garrison, the honest old man frankly avowedthat though he was no advocate of slavery, hecould not my there was any specific injunctionagainst it in the scriptures. The whole tenor ofhis remarks was such as to prove to the abolitioniststhat he desired no connection with them, andentertained no sympathy for these mischievous fanatics.  That the South will applaud the conduct observedby Father Mathew on this occasion, is a matter ofcourse; but we are gratified at observing that evenat the North, a general sentiment of disgust is manifestedat the impudent effort of Garrison to inducethe Apostle of Temperance to play into the bands ofthe Abolitionists. We scarcely open a Northern paperthat does not contain a rebuke to the anti-slaveryleaders for this agrant outrage upon decency anddecorum. Hardly could a more conceivable wrongbe offered to any man, than has been sought to beput upon Father Mathew. He came amongst usexclusively for the propagation of a principle thatchallenges the approbation of the world. His missionwas one of peace, good will, benevolence andhuman amelioration. His purpose was to traversethe country, from North to South, administering thepledge, exhorting to temperance, strengthening thefeeble, admonishing the wayward, reclaiming thebackalider. It was a mission that would fitly crowna life spent in the performance of duties as exaltedas any that ever devolve on man. While engagedin the strenuous accomplishment of this self-imposedtask, the canting scoundrels who for years havebeen aiming at the dissolution of the Union and anintestine warfare between its several sections, seekto make him a party to their wickedness, to mixhim up with their incendiary projects, and to converthim from an Apostle of Temperance into an abolitionpropagandist. A more vile, heartless and infamousscheme was never connected. But it has failed—signally failed. Father Mathew know how deepwould have been his guilt, had he been reducedfrom his high and holy purposed to the furtherance ofthe execrable machinations of the abolitionists. Heknew that, apart from the intrinsic criminality ofsuch conduct, he would have been rendering a basereturn for American hospitalities and kindness, if hehad, for one moment, given countenance to a factionthat avows its contempt for the restraints of Government,and its abhorrence for the Constitution and theUnion. He has, therefore, acted wisely as well asnobly—he has obeyed the suggestions of a soundjudgment, while following the dictates of a gratefulheart.  This fellow, Garrison, is now endeavoring, in hismortification and rage, to arouse the fell spirit of persecutionagainst Father Mathew, and we presumethat by the time the latter reaches the New EnglandStates, he will find many canting Pharisees ready tostand in judgment over him, and to treat him withobloquy for his manliness and good sense. But wecannot imagine that the people at large will havetheir admiration diminished, or their respect annihilated,for the venerable clergyman, because hedoes not think proper to join the abolitionists. Atall events, should Father Mathew experience anylack of courtesy in the North, through the denunciationsof Garrison and his crew, let him hasten hisjourney southward, where a wide field is open tohis philanthropic labors, without the slightest apprehensionof his being impeded in their performanceby intolerance or prejudice, whether sectional ornational. 
