 South Carolina has had yet another grief heapedupon her head before her tears for the loss of Brooks,the worthiest of her sons, are dry upon her cheeks.The terrors of the arm of her champion, while yetin the flesh, were not enough to save her from themachinations of her distant foes, and, now that herests from his labors, they come prowling, likewolves, into the very heart of her guarded fold.—The territory of that Empire has been insulted bythe footsteps of the invader, and the chivalry anloudly summoned to rally to the deliverance of thesacred soil. We find the particulars of this alarminginroad in the Report of a Committee, raised forthe purpose, to the authorities of the town of Sumter,copied with prefatory remarks by The ColumbiaTimes. It seems that an individual, wearing thedress of a woman, and hearing the name of Mrs.Emerson, has been delivering lectures on phrenologyand physiology, as we infer from the context, whohas given strong ground of suspicion that she hadulterior designs against the majesty of the Empireand the safety of Southern institutions generally.The nature of these causes of suspicion is not statedfurther than that her lectures contained 'a tiradeof abuse of Southern ladies'—disguised, probably,in the form of advice against their indolentand slatternly habits—but they were enough to inspirethe flower of the Sumter chivalry with thecourage to form themselves into a forlorn hope, andto rush, regardless of consequences, on this new andformidable shape of danger. ColumbiaTimes. These adventurous spirits marched directly up tothe very face of the enemy, and in spite of a braveresistance on her part, succeeded in possessing themselvesof her military chest. It is the more creditableto their personal courage that they did this inspite of a suspicion, which the Columbia journaldevelops at large, that it was a man in disguise, andnot a woman, with whom they had to do. The articlesamong her baggage which seem to have beenregarded by the victors as the strongest confirmationof her treasonable intent—as we infer from theirbeing mentioned with all the emphases of Italics—were a lantern and a side-saddle! It is not paidwhether the lantern wan a dark one or not. If as,it was certainly a reasonable occasion to suspect herof being an emissary of the Know Nothings, andwould justify any necessary precautions against hermalicious designs on the little common sense thatthey have left. But we confess that we an puzzledto imagine wherein the guilt of the side-saddle lay.Had it been a saddle of the masculine gender, wecan see that it would naturally give poignancy tothe suspicion that Mrs. Emerson, like Iago, 'wasnot what she seemed.' But why a side-saddle shouldstrike terror into the soul of South Carolina, anymore than any other article of feminine use oradornment, we must own passes oar limited skill indivination. We entreat our Southern cotemporariesto condescend to our darkened estate, and expoundunto us the necessary connection betweenSide-saddle and Sedition. man side-saddle But the lantern and the side-saddle, though thechief, were by no means the only alarming discoveriesmade in the repositories of Emerson the Epiceneby the victorious chevaliers. Among otherthings fraught with horror 'were extracts cut fromvarious papers' (Southern papers, of course,) containing'accounts of negroes being burnt, insurrections,effects of negro preaching, advertisements ofan individual wishing to purchase a likely youngnegro woman,' &. A list of her correspondentswas also discovered, 'which embraced residents ofalmost every State north of Mason and Dixon's line—most of them in Ohio, the very hot-bed of Abolitionism.'And an envelope was found actually addressedto some one in Massachusetts! The Committeecame to the conclusion that she was 'a philanthropistof the Madam Beecher Stowe order, andthat her mission, if for no worse purpose, was tocollect materials for a work similar to Uncle Tom'sCabin.' If for no worse purpose? What could beworse, we should like to Know? If our Southernbrethren really thought that Mrs. Emerson wasanother Mrs. Stowe, spying out the nakedness ofthe land for the purpose of writing a second UncleTom, we could not wonder at any severities of suppressionto which they might resort. The Committee, 'wet and wearied,' as they pathetically and parenthetically tell us, 'having beencaught in a shower, while going from the lecture-roomto the hotel,' (thus vicariously receiving themselvesthe docking which was the due only of theirfoe,) abandoned the search before they had gonethrough all Mrs. Emerson's baggage, thinking thatthe discoveries they had already made put her guiltbeyond all question. It was moved, before they adjourned,that her elects, including the dangerouslantern—for any instrument for diffusing light theymust have looked upon as a deadly weapon—andthe seditions side-saddle should be sold, the proceedsgiven to her, and she be sent by public conveyanceout of the State with all convenient speed. Butthey determined at last to 'report their discoveries'to the Town Council, and leave the matter in theirmagisterial hands, publishing it in The Watchman,to put the Empire at large on its guard againstthis intestine foe. The Columbia Times evidentlythinks that she was lot off too easily (if, indeed, shewere let off—for we have not heard what action theSumter magistrates took in the premises,) and invitesher to pay a visit to the capital of the PalmettoState, where it promises 'she shall be treatedwith all the honors due to her real sex and designs;'and trusts 'that this 'strong-minded woman' maynot take her final departure from the State beforethis is done.' We have not heard whether or notMrs. Emerson has availed herself of this proffer ofthe hospitalities of the central chivalry of Carolina. The Watchman, The Columbia Times The Committee stats the fact as one beyond dispute,that the Northern Abolitionists, afraid ofmeeting the consequences of their crimes themselves,carry on their nefarious purposes by the aid and instrumentalityof their women. 'Relying uponSouthern gallantry and generosity, they pick upabandoned characters, who will do anything formoney, and send them down here to corrupt ourslaves and libel our institutions, thinking, becausethey are women, they will be safe from Southernviolence and reproach.' We think that if thosemiscreants have ever indulged in any such illusions,they will have been effectually awakened from theirdream by the strenuous virtue of the patriotic Sumterites.We cannot wonder that the Committeeshould wind up their Report, 'each and every memberof it,' by calling on the Town Authorities 'toact decisively, and for the common good and welfareof our country.' If, indeed, the Abolitionists havereally made the whole Southern country to rustlewith' the petticoats of their fair myrmidons wethink it is time that the Town Council, not of Sumtermerely, but of every other place, should unite torepel the A invasion. But the matter becomesyet more serious and more complicated, if,instead of sending their woman, they go down themselves,clad in full panoply of hoops and ,to destroy the South by debauching the slaves andbelying the masters. Great is the mystery thusraised by this latest discovery! And great most bethe perplexity of our Southern brethren wheneverthey  themselves in the dangerous neighborhood! As great as that which vexedthe last age as to the half of mankind to which theChevalier d'Eon belonged. We are not competentto suggest a remedy for this bewilderment. But wewill merely hint that, as Coroner Connery is likelysoon to be relieved from his duties in this city,we could safely recommend him to the authorities ofthe South as an officer well qualified by nature andexperience to conduct the most delicate investigations.     But what a handle will these transactions give tothose 'lose scouts,' the Abolitionists, when theyread of them? Will they not say—a pretty stateof society which can thus be disturbed by the lectureof a woman on physiology or what you please?Are these chivalrous people afraid to have people tellwhat they see them doing? Are they frightenedout of their wits by the sight of extracts from theirown papers and copies of their own advertisements?Can lanterns and side-saddles and lists of correspondentsfrighten the chivalry of South Carolinaout of their wits? And, if so, can that be a soundbasis on which such a society rests? We are notafraid of any quantity of such rubbish brought intoour towns by man or woman from the South.—And when they see Mrs. Emerson driven out ofSouth Carolina because its gallant sons are afraid ofher, will they not exclaim, in the words of theScripture, 'The wicked free when no man pursuethThem'? We 
