 From the Honesdale Democrat. ABOLITION AND ANTI-SLAVERY. Wendell Phillips, in a speech delivered on the15th inst, at the Disunion Convention held in Worcester,Mass., said that 'the dissolution of the Unionis primarily an anti-slavery measure.' We do notknow whether Mr. Phillip intended to use thename 'anti-slavery,' and whether he did or notmakes no particular difference with the articlewhich we are about to write, for it is the broad as which we wish to deny, and the differencebetween an Abolitionist and an Anti-slaveryitewhich we wish to explain. And the more so fromthe fact that the same assertion in substance wasmade many hundred times by the Buchanier oratorslast fall, in their stump speeches throughout thecountry.  Now, we contend that Disunion is primarily ameasure of the Abolition party, and not of the Anti-Slavery.We also contend that the Abolition andthe Anti-slavery are two separate and distinct parties—that the difference between the two are vast,and that this very measure of Disunion builds upa constitutes one of the greatest of those differenceThere are thousands, yes, millions of freemenat the North who are in favor of staying the devastatingtide of slavery, but not by the dissolution ofthe Union of these States, and who are in favor ofthe abolishment of that infernal institution, but notby a fratricidal war. And of such are the Anti-Slaveryslavery party composed. On the other hand, wehave among us those who seek without hesitation toaccomplish those ends by these means—those whosezeal having outrun their better judgments, deemthat these are only means whereby the greatobject can be accomplished, and who blindly thinkthat all others are and will be futile. Of this latterclass are the Abolition party; both have the samegreat object and end in view—the staying and ultimateabolishment of slavery—but differ totally as tothe means of accomplishment. In other words,they are identical in principle, but widely sunderedin policy. The motto of the Anti-slavery party is,'Liberty and Union, now and forever, one and inseparable,'while, on the contrary, the motto of theAbolition party is, 'Liberty first, and Union afterwards.' The Abolitionist, spell-bound by his wild fanaticism,stands, and in imagination gases down throughthe vista of time 'on the broken and dismemberedfragments of a once-glorious Union; on States dissevered,discordant, belligerent; on a land rent withcivil-feuds, or drenched with fraternal blood.' Theanti-slaveryite, well-taught in the school of patrioticwisdom, in thus gazing would 'rather beholdthe gorgeous ensign of the republic, now known andhonored throughout the earth, still full high advanced,its arms and trophies streaming in theiroriginal lustre, not a stripe erased or polluted, nora single star obscured, as they float over the sea andover the land, and in every wind under the wholeheavens.' An Abolitionist is an over-grown Anti-slaveryite.He is nature run to rankness—a tree untrimmed.'Anti-slaveyite is nature's healthy growth—thetree trimmed and beautified by the hand of patrioticwisdom. Apropos to the above, we would further remarkthat our country is beset by two dangerous politicalparties—the extremes occupying mainly its geographicalextremities—the Abolition of the far Northand the Fire-eating of the far South. But betweenthose two, exist two other and the great conservationparties, the Anti-slavery of the North and theEmancipation of the South, who, by their moremoderate policy, serve to withstand the severe actionof the extremes, and thus preserve the balance of thecountry. By slow and sure degrees, through mutualconcessions of preconceived opinions, they aregraduating to a common understanding of principleand policy. When that shall be consummated, thefree institutions of the land will be placed on thatare foundation—the rock of eternal justice, andthe others abandoned to the shifting sands of destruction. 
