 [Boston Correspondence of the Anti-Slavery Standard.] Let me see, what have we been doing since I wrotelast? O, yes, I remember! I went up one day sincethen to assist at a Tea Party, of an Anti-Slaverybrand, at Concord. Besides myself, there were Mr.Garrison, Mr. Phillips, and your late correspondingeditor, of whose company I am so fond that I seldomtravel unless I can persuade him to accompany me.The Tea Party was held in the Town Hall, a largeand handsome room, capable of accommodating alarge number of guests. Tables were laid the wholelength of the hall, and all the places seemed to befilled up. The entertainment was abundant andelegant, and was discussed with apparent satisfaction.The only improvement I could have suggestedwould have been in the selection of a presiding officer.Passing over many citizens, native and adopted, ofthe tower, your late corresponding editor was invitedto take the hand of the table—a distinction towhich, I must say, I do not read his title clear. Idare say he did his best, but truth compels me todeclare that, in my opinion, he made a very poorhand of it. (I had written f, but substitute handas more elegant.) In fact, I flatter myself that Icould have presided just as well as he. But, still, ifthe gives, of the feast ware satisfied, it is not for meto find fruit. f, At the proper time, Mr. Phillips was called upon,and made a speech which seemed to content his audience.Of course, it was of the common type of thediscourses of these disorganizers, and was full of theusual things at our glorious Union, and at our wise,judicious and prudent ministers and churches. Mr.Garrison also made a speech in the same strain,Which, I lament to say, seemed to find a responsefrom the numerous and, apparently, respectable auditory.Mr. Ralph Waldo Emerson, who, all theworld knows, lives at Concord, was dexterouslyndwiched in by the chairman as a relish betweenthese thick slices of treason and infidelity. He gavea variety to the flavor undoubtedly, but I amafraid that the substance of his contribution wasnot really of a more wholesome quality than theirs,and quite as lily to disagree with the body politic.I rather think New York Observer was in theright when it included him with this class of personsin the list of lecturers whom Lyceum Committeeswould do well to avoid. It is a painful circumstancethat the common people, on whose supportthem institutions depend, should insist on havingsuch dangerous man as these as their lecturers, whenthey might be furnished with discourses by divinesof unequestionable of theological doctrine.I have actually known institutions of this kindutterly dissolved and abrogated, as these traitorswould have done by our glorious Union, simply bythe attempt to remedy this crying evil. I am afraidit is now past cure. Mr. Robinson, one of the editorsof the Telegraph, concluded the evening with aspeech of a more encouraging and heartening character then those that had occupied the chief of thetime. The whole affair, with all the drawbacks Ihave hinted at, seemed to give great contentmentto all concerned.   Observer Telegraph, Whatever we may think of the opinions and conductof the Concord people as to matters of a publiccharacter, it cannot well be denied that they possessthe virtue of hospitality, as all of us who assisted onthis occasion found to our heart's content. I wasthe fortunate guest of Mr. Emerson, together withMr. Phillips and your late corresponding editor. Adistinguished lady, who has recently occupied muchattention in your city, and whose genius has causedher to be saluted as one of the goodly company ofthe poets, was one of the party, and shared with usthe charming hospitalities of our philosophic host.I cannot, after the manner of too many correspondents,remove the roof of that elegant home, and tellyou all about it, and all about what was said anddone there, although it would probably give methe best chance I could hit on for being read inthe good time coming. It is enough to say that,however it may be at other times, at this particularone it was true, as the poet Lowell says, that 'Concordwas not dumb'; and, further, that we notmerely had 'Words for the Hour,' but words for agood many consecutive hours. Of course, we keptearly hours. Sir Toby Belch would have vouchedfor us that we went to bed betimes, if he had beencognizant of all the facts. And I hope you will notcensure us as Lacking diligence in business if we consentedfor once to leave our important affairs to takecare of themselves the next day, and to stay until atrain which came by a good deal past noon. Formy own part, I considered that if it wore a virtuein me that I came op to that meeting, it was one ofthe kind that is its own reward; so I determined todemand no recompense for it hereafter. 
