 We would call attention to the following, from theSumter Watchman of March 25th. Our readers willdoubtless remember having read of the appearanceof 'Mrs. EMERSON, the strong-minded woman,'in various localities in our State, delivering lectures,and conducting herself in a manner entirely unbecomingone of the gentler sex. We suspected fromthe beginning, when we first saw her name announced,that time would reveal one of two things,or both, viz.: that she was either some poor crazyfanatic of a woman, who had escaped from the guardianshipof her friends, or, an emissary of the Abolitionists.We inclined to the last-named opinion,and the developments and discoveries made by ourfriends in Sumter confirm its correctness. Her masculinedeportment affords just ground for suspectingthat Mrs. EMERSON is not all, but a great deal morethan she appears to be. If she will only pay us avisit in Columbia, we promise she shall be treatedwith all the honors due to her real sex and designs;and we trust that this 'strong-minded woman' maynot take her final departure from our State beforethis is done. Watchman MERSON herself gentler she Mrs. MERSON she she all the honors From the Sumter Watchman. TO THE INTENDANT AND COUNCIL OF THE TOWN OFSUMTER.  GENTLEMEN:—As Secretary of a Committee, forinvestigating the character and designs of a certainMrs. Emerson, who lectured in this place Wednesdayevening last, and was regarded with suspicion,by some of our most worthy and respectable citizens,having bean appointed to make a report of theproceedings of said Committee to your body, so that you might act in regard to the saidMrs. Emerson as should seem proper to you underthe circumstances, I beg leave most respectfully toact in accordance with my instructions. ENTLEMEN  The Committee, as soon as the lecture, or rathertirade of abuse against Southern ladies had been concluded,and the after performance of examiningheads commenced, informed Mrs. Emerson of theinjurious reports in circulation concerning her, anddemanded, as an act of justice, both to herself (ifinnocent) and our quiet community, that she shouldstate and prove her reasons for coming among us,and acting in such an anomalous manner. Theysaid, that in the opinion of many respectable citizens,there were good grounds for suspicion in hercase. She came from a portion of the Union, hostileto our section and institutions—openly advocateddoctrines totally repugnant to the Southernmind and feelings, and her unwomanly mode ofacting, worthy of the most abandoned of her sex,showed herself no unfit instrument for the accomplishmentof the nefarious scheme or mission entrustedto her. Moreover, she came in a strangemanner, no one with her, by private conveyance,carrying with her a lantern and side-saddle. In conclusionthe Committee, in a respectful manner,asked that she would allow them to search her baggage,remarking that if she were really guilty, thecommunity ought to know it; but if, on the otherhand, she were innocent, it was important that barinnocence should be made apparent. tirade of abuse against Southern ladies lantern and side-saddle. Upon her hesitating, and urging the great amountof trouble she would be exposed to, in overhaulingall of her baggage, the Committee offered to recompenseher for the inconvenience she was put to,provided, upon a thorough search, the suspicions andcharges alleged against her should appear entirelywithout foundation. provided, thorough Finding there was no way in which she couldavoid an investigation, she at length consented to asearch. Accordingly the Committee followed herto her hotel, where, upon an examination of hereffects, they found matter which fully corroboratedtheir worst suspicions. Upon inspection of bar papers,they came to the conclusion that she was aphilanthropist of the Madame Beecher Stowe order;and that her mission among us, if for no worse purpose,was to collect material for a work similar toUncle Tom's Cabin. A list of correspondents was discovered, whichembraced residents of almost every State north ofMason &Dixon's Line—most of them, indeed, appearedto live in Ohio—the very hot-bed of abolitionism,and she, herself, was proved to be fromCincinnati, after having said in the early part of theevening that she was from Virginia!!! Among extracts cut from various papers and foundin her possession, were accounts of negroes beingburned—insurrections—effects of negro preaching—advertisements of an individual wishing to purchasea likely young negro woman, &. One of the Committeecertified that he saw her extract a letter froman envelope and secrete it. She bitterly deniedthe truth of this assertion, but at any rate, theenvelope was found empty, addressed to some one inMassachusetts. The Committee (wet and wearied, having beencaught in a shower, while going from the lectureroom to the hotel) convinced of her guilt from thepartial examination they had made, did not think itnecessary to go through all bar baggage. Before the Committee was discharged, a motionwas made to sell her conveyance and other thingsbelonging to her—give her the proceeds, and sendher and her remaining effects back to the North, bypublic conveyance, as speedily as possible; but themore moderate counsels prevailed, and it was resolvedto report the proceedings and discoveries ofthe Committee to the town council, which, afterdue deliberation, might act as seemed most becoming,and also, that there should be a publication ofthe transaction in the Sumter Watchman, so thatthe people of the district, State and country at large,might be put upon their guard. Sumter Watchman, The Committee beg leave to state, that they actedas gently and respectfully as they possibly couldunder the circumstances. But though a woman, shehas put herself outside of the pale of woman's privileges,and deserves no respectful consideration. The abolitionists, afraid of receiving the punishmentdue their rascality, and yet desirous of carryingon their nefarious schemes, are trying to carryout their plans and screen themselves from punishmentby the aid and instrumentality of their women.Relying upon Southern gallantry and generosity,they pick up abandoned characters who will do anythingfor money, and send them down here to corruptour slaves and belie our institutions, thinkingbecause they are women, they will be safe fromSouthern violence and reproach. The above is atrue statement of facts, and each and every memberof the Committee call upon yon to act decisively,and for the common good and welfare of our country. In behalf of the Committee, CHARLES WESLEY WOLFE, Sec. HARLES ESLEY OLFE 
