 Dr. Brisbane, the able and faithful clerk of theSenate, sends us the following communication. Aswe have received many communications condemningin unqualified terms the action of the Legislaturehere referred to, it is but fair to give the Doctor'simpressions. We think personal feeling and mistakenviews of duty are the explanation of thecourse of senators, and they will live to regret, asmuch as others that they had not acted differently. ARENA, Wis., April 9th, 1857. FRIEND BOOTH:—I feel troubled in spirit. Itsaddens me to think that you have to bear, not as arepresentative of the State, but as a mere individual,the burden of the slaveholders' and slave-catchers'infamous prosecution. It seems to me it would havebeen more to the honor of the Republicans in theLegislature to have sacrificed all their political hopesby causing the State to assume this burden, at whateverpecuniary cost, than thus suffer the ignominyof having one of her citizens, no matter who he maybe, to be sacrificed to the insatiate malignity of thatusurping power which tramples in the dust the escutcheonof the sovereign State, and rides roughshodover. Constitutions and every thing else, to extendand to perpetuate the accursed and the accursingsystem of human chattelism. Oh, when arethe people going to be aroused to a full sense of thedegraded condition of the so-called Free States,under the tyrannical rule of the Lords of the Lash? one  How is it that any Wisconsin an can endure theidea for a moment, that the citizens of his State areon the statute book Slave-Catchers for any mean,Southern task-master who might send a U.S. Marshalto order them on the chase? I am a nativeCarolinian, and however I hate her system of humanbondage, that fastens with stronger fetters than thoseof iron her proudest citizens as well as her humblestslaves, I am proud that I can pledge my wordfor her, that she would never so sink her State sovereigntyas to allow a master even from the Stateof Georgia to have the Fugitive Slave enactmentof the Federal Government to be executed withinher borders. No, never. When Barnwell Rhett,of South Carolina, in the United States Senate, denouncedthat enactment as unconstitutional and ablow at State sovereignty, he indicated what wouldbe the action of South Carolina, should any suchenactment as that ever be made practically applicablewithin her limits. If the Georgia master getshis runaway from South Carolina, it will be becauseher own laws allow it, and not because of thefederal enactment of 1850. And ret, NorthernStates, aye, and even the State of Wisconsin, willallow the slaveholder's crouching minion to seize theproperty of our fellow-citizens, to feed the rapaciousmaw of the infernal monster, and not furnish him themeans to maintain his rights against the usurpingauthority. task-master her own laws But, my friend, you stand in a proud attitude.The honor of self-sacrifice in such a cause is worthmore than gold. What if you should be made poor?What if you should have to go to prison? What ifyou die there? Your suffering, your poverty, yourimprisonment, your death, may be necessary for thesalvation of your State. Then let it be. But God grant that our next Wisconsin Legislaturemay, for the honor of the State, acknowledgeits indebtedness, and foot the account! I will not, I do not blame those Republicans whovoted against the bill for year relief, because I knowthe man, and know they felt they were doing thebest they could at that time, to promote the bestinterests of the State, and to sustain the cause onaccount of which the Republican party had beenplaced in power. But they thought their constituencywere scarcely prepared to approve the measure.But I most sincerely hope that after the next election,they will have the full assurance that thepeople are fully prepared for every measure necessaryto sustain the honor of the sovereignty of theState, Yours truly, WH. HENRY Brisbane. H. ENRY 
