 The Richmond Enquirer breaks into this exclamationof virtuous horror: Enquirer 'Mormonism is repulsive enough, but abolition-amalgamationismmakes the soul shudder with a sickening sense of indescribable disgust; and thatthe tendency of anti-slavery fanaticism is to ultimateamalgamation, it is idle to deny.' We infer from its Italics that the Richmond printhas no objection to the amalgamation so commonand almost universal at the South, or any other,except that exceeding ran and almost unknownspecies which it has particularly specified. Thepeople of this country very well know that there isten times as much amalgamation under slavery as inthe free-States. Every body who has traveledthrough the Southern States has seen the evidenceof this in the bleached and constantly-whiteningcomplexions of the laboring people. More ever ifwe look at the advertisements for runaway slaves inthe Southern papers, we often see them described aslight-haired, blue-eyed, and able, successfully, withoutclose inspection, to pass themselves for whitemen and women. What else could be expectedfrom a system which reduces the poor woman to theabsolute dominion of the worst master, young orold, and then excludes her oath or complaint fromevery court of justice. Here in the free States, thesanctity of the humblest family is made inviolableby equal laws, and the oath of the poorest womanis heard and regarded against the violence of theproudest and most brutal man who may plot herinjury. advertisements Amalgamation is one of the most common, legitimateand repulsive results of slavery. It has becomea system at the South, and the institution ofconcubinage has grown up out of it—an institutionnot less demoralizing and repulsive to us than thepolygamy of the Mormons. Only a few years ago,the South presented us with a Vice-President whohad given as a life-long example of this concubinage.Nor should this be a matter of surprise.Was be not a proper representative man of a largeportion of the Southern chivalry? This concubinageof the South is fast undermining the institutionof marriage, with all its hallowed and harmonizinginfluences, and is seen alike in the bleachingof the slaves, and in the frightful increase of celibacy,and of the number of unmarried ladies in thatpart of our country. Then is reason to believe thatthe virtue of chastity among men is there exceedinglyrare, and are not surprised that Southernladies of intelligence should, on this account, asthey notoriously do, prefer Northern man for husbands,and that prudent mother there should desireto send their sons to Northern schools, because,as they often say, their domestic habits are here somuch better guarded than they can be on the plantationsat home. Shame to the slaveholder who,while constantly practicing, has the effrontery tocharge upon others the offence of amalgamation! 
