 We have before us a long letter from Hon. D.W.Kilbourne of Keokuk, Iowa, to Warren Lincoln,Esq., of Raynham, acknowledging the receipt ofsome funds from the latter, to aid in purchasing thefreedom of the family of Charlotte Piles, who, itwill be recollected, was in this town last spring, solicitingmoney from the benevolent for that purpose.She succeeded in raising a sufficient amount, chieflyin this State, to purchase her two sons-in-law, whosewives and children had previously been emancipatedby a kind-hearted elderly lady, (Miss Frances Gordon,)who it will be seen incurred the great displeasureof her brother, a clergyman, (to whose church Charlottebelonged,) for the manumission of Charlotte'sdaughters, together with their children, at such asacrifice to him? In the event of the death of hissister, Miss Gordon, they would have become hisslaves, had she not given them their freedom! It appears that on the return of Charlotte to Kentucky,the owner of one slave had risen $300 on theprice stipulated for his freedom. This proved a discouragementto her. She hopes this spring to assureher son's liberty. Mr. Kilbourne, who haskindly assisted Charlotte in providing the papersand other means to aid her noble object, is Mayorof the city of Keokuk. In his letter to Mr. Lincoln,he states some fasts for the information ofthose who contributed to the benevolent object inthis vicinity. This took place last summer. Hewrote that Charlotte arrived there safe with hersons-in-law. The families, wives and children of Charlotte'stwo sons-in-law, were among those emancipated byMiss Gordon. One of them has five children, andthe other three. Hence Charlotte's desire to purobasetheir husbands first, so that they could supporttheir families, and perhaps contribute somethingtowards purchasing her son, who has no family. She paid for one of them $1300, and for the other$1000; she expected to emancipate them for$1000 each, but the owner of Walker advanced$300. He told Charlotte that he did not wish topart with him at all, and when Walker left, he toldhim if he would return and sell himself to him, hewould give him $1,500. They are noble looking men, and appear well andremarkably intelligent. I venture to say that Charlotteand these men and their families wan yesterdaythe happiest people in all the land. The menwere overjoyed. They came to my office soon afterthey arrived with Charlotte and their wives andchildren, and their expressions of gratitude for thekind Providence which had secured their freedomand restored them to their families, was interestingand affecting. Charlotte is a wonderful woman for one in herposition. What a work she has done! She is remarkablefor her energy, good judgment, businessqualifications, and above all, ardent piety. She hasa remarkable memory. She can give the nameand place of residence of almost every person shecalled upon in the East, and her heart overflowswith expressions of gratitude to them all. It war anoble charity that provided her with the means toaccomplish this noble work. There seems now to remain but one thing to maketheir happiness complete, and that is the freedomfrom bondage of Charlotte's own son. The largeprice demanded for him, and the $300 advance onWalker, will for a time at least delay his emancipation.Charlotte has some six or seven hundreddollars for this object. I hope she may raise theremainder. Charlotte says she was very kindly treated by allher old friends in Kentucky, except her old mistress'Brother Massa Joel. He (a minister of the Gospel?)Charged Charlotte with influencing his sisterto emancipate her slaves, and thereby rob him of atleast $20,000, as he would have come into possessionof them if his sister, who he said was no batter thana robber, had remained and died than. Charlottesaid she told him that her old mistress was honest,and would have a high seat in Heaven, bat that shefeared for him—she had called to see him, but not toquarrel—she wanted to come and go in peace—wassorry that he entertained such feelings—that hebaptized her, and that they had belonged to thesame church, and communed at the same table ofthe Lord for forty years; and now she told him,'You covet my liberty, my children, my labor!—Oh, Massa Joel, remember that yon and I will soonstand at the bar of God, to render an account of allour doings on earth.' So she says she left him. So far as you find it convenient, will you pleaseinform Charlotte's friends in the East of her success. 
