 From the Richmond South, April 11th. From the peculiarity of its situation, two of itssides being coterminous with free States, it is naturalthat Missouri should be selected as the theatre ofthe first experiment of anti-slavery agitation in theSouth. Accordingly, for several years past, an anti-slaveryparty has exhibited itself in the politicalcontests in Missouri, now in one shape and now inanother, first with this name and afterward withsome more significant watchword. Emboldened by an abolition demonstration on thewestern flank of the State and the co-operation ofallies in the territory of Kansas, the emancipationistsin Missouri, as they now call themselves, havethrown away the mark, renounced their timid andinactive policy, and defiantly challenged the slave-holdersto the defense of their property. They beganoffensive operations during the recent session ofthe legislature; but the prompt and bold resistanceoffered by the Southern party, at the suggestion ofMr. Carr, a native of Virginia, disconcerted theirplans and defeated their movement. From the adverse vote of the legislature, the anti-slaveryparty in Missouri have taken an appeal to thepeople. In the recent municipal election in St.Louis, emancipation was the issue which determinedbe extent, and the result is the success of the antifree soil party by a plurality vote of fifteen hundred! Now, some stupid individual will say, 'all thismeans nothing. It is a joke, a hoax,' this abolitiontriumph in the capital of a first-class slave State.There may be certain people in the South to whomso significant an event is a matter of no interest orconcern—an arousing little incident over which theyan enjoy a quiet chuckle. It is not so regardedamong the abolitionists of the North. Equal importance will be attached to this anti-alveryslavery triumph by all reflecting men in the Sooth.They are how it will strengthen the hands of thefree soil party in Kansas; and what a prodigiousimpulse it will impart to the aggressive movementsof the abolitionists in the North. It is a victorywithout parallel for them—it is a deplorable defeatfor us. Heretofore abolitionism has been content torestrict the expansion of slavery, and the South hashad to lament only some negative repulse. This isthe first instance in which abolitionism has achievedan incontestible triumph on a distinct issue in theheart of a Southern State. This is the first time slaveryhas been routed in one of its own strongholds. Thinkyou so extraordinary an event will be without consequence?Is it nothing for the abolitionists todiscover that they can invade the soil of a SouthernState with impunity, and may even reckon upon thesuccess of Southern people? Is it nothing for BlackRepublicanism to plant its banner on one of ourown citadels? Is it nothing for slavery to lose thespell of invincibility, and the South to be beardedand ballied on Southern soil? Is there no significancein this indication of an ebbing tide—this firstbackward step in the march of Southern power?Will the example provoke no mote audacious aggression,and invite no imitation? Here and there one may find a dull, indifferent; orinterested observer, who will answer all these inquiriesin a spirit of unrolled satisfaction—who willaffirm that the defeat of Fremont settled the slaverycontroversy, quieted agitation, and rescued the Southfrom the danger of future attack! Is that the replyof sensible and honest men—quick to discern andprompt to repel the approach of the enemy? 
