 General Fremont has resigned his commission inthe army, and has accepted the Cleveland nomination.In accepting it he has written a letter inwhich he declares that Mr. Lincoln has already deprivedthe people of those liberties against which alsoJefferson Davis took up arms. That we may doGeneral Fremont no injustice, we quote his words.Among the objects of the Cleveland Convention, hesays, was to bring the people " to realize that whilewe are saturating Southern soil with the beat bloodof the country, in the name of Liberty we havereally parted with it at home." In the estimation of General Fremont, therefore,the guilt of the President and of Davis is equal; andif what he says be true, the war is as unholy as everMr. Vallandigham or Mr. Fernando Wood declaredit to be. No loyal, liberty-loving citizen of theUnited States can be more fairly asked to sustain,by a single dollar or word or wish, an Administrationwhich has deliberately overthrown the Constitutionand liberty, than to encourage a conspiracy whichaims at the same result. The strongest friend of therebellion, the most vehement apostle of " peace,"has never offered a plainer and more conclusive reasonfor immediately stopping the war, and settlingdefinitely the terms of the destruction of the Unionand Government, than General Fremont offers in hisletter. If Mr. Lincoln be equally treacherous to theConstitution with Jefferson Davis, certainly any manmay elect with whom he will range himself. If Gen.Fremont be correct, it is General Grant's patrioticduty to turn his guns against the Washington traitor,who has really destroyed our liberties, rather thanagainst the Richmond rebel who has merely threatenedthem. No man has the right, without a knowledge whichfew can have, to question another man's sincerity.Yet it is hard to conceive that General Fremont cansincerely mean us to view, on the one hand, the exerciseof an arbitrary authority for the salvation ofthe Government, expressly granted by the Constitutionin time of rebellion, as treachery to that Government;or, on the other, to accept an occasionalindiscretion in its exercise as a loss of liberty. Wetrust that the right of personal freedom is as sacredin our estimation as it is in that of General Fremontor of Mr. Fernando Wood; and we cannot forgetthat Mr. Wendell Phillips, whose letter is urged on General Fremont as virtually the Cleveland platform,does not  to concede that the exerciseof arbitrary power may be necessary and must beallowed at a time like this. His words are: "Insixty days after the rebellion broke out, the Administrationsuspended corpus,, on the  if militarynecessity, justly."   corpus   Yet that a sense of personal wrong, long and fostered by unfortunate influence! of manykinds, may confuse even a noble and generous mind,history too plainly shows. It remains for us, then,only to deplore that General Fremont adopts a viewof the situation which concedes the destruction ofthe Government as accomplished, and releases everycitizen from his obligations. The more direct, themore heroic, course for him, if the cause has indeedbeen betrayed by Mr. Lincoln and our liberties arelost, as he asserts, would be, not to allow that hoarydespot nearly a year to forge our chains more closely,but to unroll the banner of armed opposition atonce, And summon all true men to rescue their libertiesfrom the tyrant's grasp.  With what profound sorrow those who have knownthe name of Fremont only as the watchword of Libertyand Union, now hear him repeating the cry ofVallandigham and the Copperheads, adopting theirextremest position as his own, only those who haveknown what it is to sec the moral fall of a leaderalmost romantically admired, can imagine. If Fremonthad died before the war began, his name wouldalways have shone in our history with a lovely lustre,as a symbol of the regenerative principle of Americanpolitics. He was not President, the historianwould have said, but his name expressed the aspirationof awakening conscience in the people. When, then, it is asked hereafter, I low did hechange? the reply will be simple: that, at a timewhen slavery by force of arms was struggling tooverthrow the Government which was the securityof liberty, he denounced certain acts of that Governmentin self-defence as themselves a virtual overthrowof the Constitution, and separating himself inthe crisis from the mass of his truest friends, threwhimself into the arms of the bitterest enemies of Liberty.Does General Fremont believe that the gentlemenwho are going to the Chicago Convention,and who will support its nominations, are any truerfriends of Union and Liberty than those who wentto Baltimore and their supporters? Does he notknow, or in the heat of passion has lie forgotten,that the gentlemen who will meet at Chicago werethe steadiest supporters of that policy against whichhis name was formerly a protest, and that their politicalaction and sympathy with slavery arc to-daythe chief hope of the rebellion? And yet he knows,as we all know, that many of the managers at Chicagowill be glad to sec him the candidate of the Convention.Is it because they have come to him, orbecause he has gone to them? When the New YorkWorld loudly applauds him, is it because he is helpingor hindering the cause of human liberty? becausehe is uniting, or because be is distracting, thefriends of the Union and of national honor? World Browning wrote a poem called "The Lost Leader,"whose melancholy music murmurs forever in thehearts of all who have read it with experience. Butnever, perhaps, will its lines recur to thousands andthousands of young and earnest American hearts sopainfully as they do since Fremont wrote his letter,Was that enthusiasm of the generous youth of awhole nation so despicable? Is the smile of Davis, isthe cheer of Fernando Wood, so much sweeter thanthe trust of unknown multitudes? Was it worthwhile to cease to be the Fremont of June, 1856, tobe the Fremont of June, 1864?— Harper's Weekly. Harper's Weekly. 
