 From the Lincoln Evening Standard—[Tory-Rebel Organ.] Extraordinary power pf expression characterizesthe speeches of Mr. Wendell Phillips. It is combinationof this quality with a manly straigbtforwardnessand an entire absence of that afflectionof which his countrymen are so deeply enamored,that has often extorted our reluctant admiration.We could have wished to yield our esteem in anequal degree to the chief amongst American orators.But from this we were debarred by the stange policywhich he has advocated with the utmost zeal andenergy. We behold in him a man who, more thanall other Federal politicians, "gave up to party whatwas meant for mankind;" who, possessed throughthe whole of his life with one idea—an idea sufficientlynoble in itself, the hatred of slavery, but littlescrupulous as to the means by which that could becarried out—was through his false notions of consistency,an enemy to the peace and prosperity ofhis country. Had he been one of the vulgar andgreedy demagogues who trade upon war, becausethey are aware that their peculations are less liableto discovery in stormy seasons, we should not havethought him equally dangerous, but we could notfail to discern that his very genius and honesty renderedhim a fitting tood for the bad purpose of menmore cunning, but lessable and honest, than himself.It is satisfactory to know that our misgivings to someextent beyond the actual facts of the case. Mr.Wendell Phillips has roused himself from the deathlikelethargy of the enchanted ground; whatevermay be his ultimate course of action, it is clear thathis judgment is no longer the slave of those passionsand prejudices which influence the Northern mindis a remarkable speech delivered upon Tuesday,May 10th, at the Church of the Puritans, on thelist anniversary of the American Anti-Slavery Societyhe points out with as much foresight as vigor,the tendency of the unhappy war now desolatingthe New World. The conclusions at which he arressare not new to us, for we have insisted uponthem long before the present crisis; but in thosequarters which our voice could not penetrate, thetestimony of Wendell Phillips cannot be rejected. Ever since the commencement of the Americanwas we have dwelt upon the impossibility of revivingthe United State, as they once existed, especiallyif forcible means were employment for that object. Wehave been accused of jealously, of a want of sagacityin not deserving the future destiny of a youngand glorious Republic, of grossly exaggerating thelove or fatherland cherished by the inhabitants ofthe South. Let the admires of Mr. Foster listen tothe language of Wendell Phillips:—"The youngestAmerican will not live to see a restoration of the republicof his forefathers." Again, "You can neverrestore the Union by force. . . . This war has builton a unanimous Confederate sentiment. . . . If therebellion reel in Virginia, it will by no means bebroken if it quits the Old Dominion. . . . Weknow the South now, its willingness to die for itsideas, its readiness for every sacrifices, and its indomnablepride." The argument of the American oratora unanswerable as it embodies a historical fact. Atthe commencement of the war, the South struggledto preserve the rights of independent states; communityof suffering and participation in victory onbehalf of a common cause and in defence of commoninterests have awakened national feeling; theSouthern States, but little united previously, havebeen weided into one empire; the people of theCarolinas are as eager to preserve Richmond as thebase of their operations, as the Virginian is to relievehis native soil from the unhallowed tread of the foregesavader. Good has thus come out of evil; theobstinacy of Federal ambition has caused disunion athome, whilst it has promoted unwavering allianceamongst several enemies. To no single inch ofConfederate ground can the Government of Washingtonlay claim, unless it is occupied by one of theirarmies. We have not been content with looking at the effectproduced by the war upon, the Southern enemy,we have also ventured to predict the consequencesto the North itself—impaired finances and militarydespotism. Upon these subjects English supportersof the war have been, even beyond their wontedhabit, notably voluble. The resources of Americaare, we are told so experience, that we must not comparethe greenbacks of Mr. Chase to the assignatsof the French revolutionary leaders. Unhappily thequestion arises, do American politicians hold the sanguineviews of their distant sympathizers? WendellPhillips, at any rate, prophesies, in his metaphoricallanguage, expansivements of a very different characterexpansiveness of national and personal incumbrance—The right arm of every man in the countryand every made child hereafter to be born into it,are and will be mortgaged to pay the interest on thedebt." It has been denied that military despotism mayin all probability be engendered by the prolongationof the present war. A Republican force is not,it is said, like a standing army levied by ambitiousKing and Emperors it is composed of citizens attachedto the laws and institutions of their country.In answer to this shallow rodomontade we will notpoint out, as we fairly might, what the practice ofthe Federal President and his advisers has been;we will leave unnoticed immurements in fortresses,wholesale confiscations of property government byrapacious major generals, and will simply ask uponwhat data this behind in the superior moderation ofRepublicanism is founded? If ever an army mightbe called civi, it was that of the French Revolution.It was commanded by pure Republicans;scarcely one soldier could be found in it who wasnot both in principle and action a Democrat; and,yet in a few years this army of citizens actually leviedto protect the new institutions of France andto disseminate its extravagant doctrines, was themainstay of despotism. But Cronwell's army waseasily disbanded, and retired without bloodshed intoprivate life. We will not say a word upon the loveof a settled life which distinguishes an Englishmenfrom an American, whose early habits dispose himto continual movement but would rather ask whetherthe historical instance is in point. Can any onecontend that the army which had trampled underfoot the authority of the Parliament for whose causeit was levied would not have been dangerous if ithad not been deprived of leaders? Its best officerswere either in the Tower, or engaged upon theunder side in the interests of peace and loyalty.Wendell Phillips may be allowed to know somethingthat "no such despotism as must exist inAmerica if the war should continue, exists on thisside of the wall of China." Although he despairs ofpeace, even though Grant should be unexpectedlysuccessful he remarks that "if peace comes, 800,000 men will be thrown upon the community, unfittedfitted for the ordinary avocations of life, and thereforea standing menace to public liberty; for half acentury no one but a soldier will have a chance ofthe Presidency." His intense hatred of slaverydoes not blind him, although addressing an anti-slaveryaudience, to the danger incurred by the whitepopulation of America—If I were a negro slave,I would pray that the war might last twenty years;for the war will benefit the black race, and ultimatelyraise it to the social and political level of thewhite; but as an American white citizen, 1 deprecateeven a month's continuance of the war, becauseI see in it the seeds of debt, military ambition,and despotism, against the progress of which aredemanded a virtue aid intelligence in the masseswhich do not exist in America, and which neverexisted anywhere else, if history be true." In his address of May 10th, Wendell Phillips hasfar exceeded the boldness of any American statesmanwho has advocated a return to peace, It remainsto be seen whether President Lincoln willdare to treat the champion of anti-slavery as he didMr. Vallandigham. Perhaps not, for the Presidentis wise in worldly matters, and Mr. Phillips has hisfollowers. It remains also to be seen whether theorator will be as logical in drawing his inference asin laying down his premises, or whether he will persuadeothers whilst he himself is unconverted to faras action is concerned. He sees the right course:will he adopt it in practice? His choice is betweentwo extremes, one conferring immortal renown, theother involving indelible disgrace. Ha can eitheraim at the civic crown of the sincere patriot, ormust sink into the unhonored grave of the gloomyfatalist. 
