 As was foreseen, the Convention re-nominatedMr. Lincoln by acclamation. No other candidatewas brought forward. This was a weighty testimonialto the general estimate put on his public servicesby the masses of the unconditional Union men ofthe country. Not that the general judgment is thatthe administration of Mr. Lincoln has been faultless,or all that could be desired, but that, on the whole,it has been so just and salutary as to leave no reasonablehope that a better one can be obtained. Few willaffirm that Mr. Lincoln has not made mistakes, andsome of serious magnitude. It would have beenmarvelous had he not. That he has at times triedthe patience of his warmest, most intelligent, andmost disinterested supporters, does not admit of contradictionor concealment. These friends have pronouncedsharp criticisms on some of his acts, and arelikely to repeat their strictures in time to come. Suchcriticisms are more necessary in periods of tumultand insubordination than in quiet days, just as it isof more consequence when tempests howl over theocean to scan the compass and hold a firm hand onthe helm, than when the skies smile benignantlyand calm waters reflect back the peacefulness of theheavens. Besides, Mr. Lincoln can afford to be criticized.He has done so many things of the greatestgravity excellently well, that he need not shrinkfrom having his faults pointed out. He has beensubjected to a severer ordeal than ever fell to thelot of any public man in this country. The wisestand purest man that ever lived, standing where hehas stood, would have made mistakes. So manyfierce and implacable passions have come into directantagonism; so many vast interests, involved ina common peril, have violently crashed against eachother; so many inordinate ambitions have been inflamed,engendering the bitterest jealousies and hatreds;so many gloomy vistas of doubt and uncertaintyhave been opened up; that the marvel is not thatthe President has been slow, or irresolute, or hesitatingon some points, and probably wrong to discriminateso wisely, to hold so exact a balance to conciliaterival factious, and to keep step so nearly withthe actual leaders of national progress. The nomination of Mr. Johnson for Vice Presidentwill add fresh strength to the ticket. All hislife a democrat, and acting up to the breaking outof the rebellion with the democratic party, he hasnot failed for one instant in his allegiance to the republic.exposed to the peculiar hazards from hisresidence in a revolted State, he did not shuffle; hedid not hesitate; he did not leave any one in doubtas to his attitude or intentions. He was content toincur uncommon risks and to involve himself in themost imminent perils, in order to sustain the Unionand vindicate the authority of the government. Itwas fitting that the class to which he belongs shouldbe honored in his person. The platform of the Convention, so far as it relatesto doctrine, gives forth no uncertain sound. Itis full and exactly to the point.—Honesdale Republic. Honesdale Republic. 
