 When a man allows his pensions to have full sweep,he can no longer reason. Fremont is so pervadedby his feelings of bitterness and revenge towardsthe President for slights which be baa met, that becannot see our political affairs in their tree relationsand real light. His passion colors his reason; hisvindictive feeling clouds his judgment; his eagerwish to make out his case against the President misleadshim to error. He arraigns Mr. Lincoln for his infidelity to principleswatch be was elected to defend, but makes nocharges. To be sure he says that libertyhas been destroyed, that ordinary rights beensuspended, &C But every candid man knows thatthe country is true. The present is a contest"even for the right to have candidates" for thePresidency, he avers. Certainly thin is not candidatewhen he would for President? There wasnever less binderies to the free judgment or thecaprices of  man in the  of candidatefor President     The charge of usurpation of extraordinary powersby the President is not justified by facts. Theextraordinary powers which he has employed havenot been usurped, but are latent powers, which theexecutive is required to use in exigencies like thepresent. The event which are transpiring are entirelyabnormal, and the rigorous application to themof the rules of administrative conduct which obtainduring a normal condition of affairs evinces eithera lack of discrimination, or of sincerity officer was "tousurp extraordinary powers." That the powerwhich the Administration has wielded with right hasalways been used with the utmost discretion fewwill assert, but mistakes are pardoned to the sensitivenessand impatience which the difficulties andperplexities of executive duties give rise to in such anunprecedented crisis as the President has been placed.To make mistakes is one thing. To deliberately assumepower and use it for selfish purposes, and tothe prejudice f popular rights, is another, whichthe people of this country would never pardon.But the people know that this has not been done.They know that we have not parted with liberty athome and do not mean to. They know that whateverunusual power has been assumed, has been soobviously necessitated by events that the act hascommanded their approval. They know that thecharges which are made in this letter are not true,so far as they impeach the motives of the President.They can see that the blow is struck in the wildnessof passion, rather than in the clear deliberationof patriotic feeling. It is well probably that the case is to be put beforethe people in the precise way it is. If the peopledo not reach right conclusions, it will not be fromlack of information, and from the lack of leadersand champions. When the issue is decided, perhapsthose who now declare that the President isre-electing himself, and that his success will be fatalto the country, will have the candor to say thatwith all their prevision they made a mistake, andwill acknowledge that the patriotic people do sustaintheir Administration, because they confide inits integrity of purpose, and zealous endeavors tobring peace and order out of revolution.—UticaHerald. UticaHerald. 
