 The telegraph mutilated General Fremont's letteraccepting the nomination for the Presidency,but his meaning is still quite apparent. He says,substantially, that if the Baltimore Convention willnominate anybody beside President Lincoln, he,Fremont, will not run against him, but if Lincoln isnominated, be shall run and do the best be can todefeat him. As we have no doubt at all that Mr.Lincoln has already been nominated by the unanimousvoice of the Baltimore Convention, it may beset down as a fact that Fremont intends to run.Such being the case, let an inquire what his claimsto superiority over Mr. Lincoln, as a radical man, are. Fremont's anti-slavery reputation—his radicalreputation, if you please—rests solely upon one act—the declaration of military emancipation to theslaves of rebels in Missouri. Aside from that act,be has no anti-slavery record. The Republicansran him is 1856 purely upon trust. He had madeno record, and it was extremely doubtful at the timewhether he fully sympathized with the radical elementof the party. The only thing that could besaid for him was, that be favored making Californiaa free instead of a slave State. But so did thousandswho never acted with the Republican party. radical From '56 an'61, Fremont was quiescent. Weremember no speech—no letter from him, duringthose years of desperate struggle and immense laborto build up and consolidate the party of Freedom,which indicated any deep, active, and earnestsympathy with the cause. In 1861 he signalized his military administrationin the department of which be was commander, bydeclaring the emancipation of the slaves of rebelsin arms. We will give him full credit for the act.But Mr. Lincoln has since done the same thing byall the rebellious States. So far then as the policyof emancipation is concerned, Mr. Lincoln has fullyas great claims upon our confidence as Mr. Fremont.The only difference between them was as toa question of time—a mere matter of judgment.Mr. Fremont's judgment may have been the best.That we shall not discuss. But the mere fact ofpriority in time—Mr. Fremont doing that in Missouriin 1861, which Mr. Lincoln did on a much widerand grander scale eighteen months thereafter—iscertainly very slight and untenable ground for Mr.Fremont to stand on, and claim precedence over Mr.Lincoln. Those who will take the trouble to look back andread the correspondence which passed between Mr.Lincoln and Mr. Fremont at that time, will findthat Mr. Fremont based his proclamation solely uponthe ground of military necessity. He makes nointimation of humanitarian considerations—no appealto great principles of natural justice and right,it bases the act and its defence solely upon militarygrounds. The reference between himself andMr. Lincoln, therefore, is nothing as to the principlesupon which military emancipation rests. principles While, then, we have shown Mr. Fremont's claimsto distinction as an anti-slavery man rest entirelyupon one single act—based upon military necessityand not upon true anti-slavery grounds, and thatact, one which Mr. Lincoln afterward repeated upona scale of vastly increased magnitude and importance;on the contrary, Mr. Lincoln's claims to ourconfidence as an anti-slavery man are not few, nor ofrecent date. He has a bright and shining record.Some of the ablest statements of ants-slavery principles,and some of their most brilliant and irrefragiblevindications, are from his pen. His speechesand letters are a perfect treasury, a complete armoryof anti-slavery arguments. He even ante-datedMr. Seward in the enunciation of the great philosophicaltruth underlying our straggle in arms as ithas for thirty years our battles of thought, the "irrepressibleconflict" between freedom and slavery.No man can read his latest utterance upon thissubject—the candid, dear, cogent letter to Mr. Hodges,of Kentucky—and doubt, for a moment, thestrength or sincerity of Mr. Lincoln's opposition toslavery. In view of he record of his life, his speechesand letters, and, above all, the great measures of hisadministration, we accept it as one of the most cheeringindications of the immense strides public sentimenthas made, that there is such a unanimity ofsentiment in support of Mr. Lincoln.—Kansas Journal. Kansas Journal. 
