 It is evident from Fremont's letter of acceptancethat he aims at something more than the nominationat Cleveland. The affection which the Copperheadshave recently manifested for him is more than justified.It is amorously reciprocated. Their votes areinvited. He bids for the Chicago nomination in theplainest terms. He endorses their pet grievances.He echoes their catch-words. He repeats their lingo,and imitates their cant. The same executive "outrages"on the part of Mr. Lincoln, of which Jeff.Davis in his last message to the rebel Congress complains,Fremont complains of, and in much the samelanguage. Hear him:— "The ordinary rights secured under the Constitutionand the laws of the country have been violated,and extraordinary powers have been usurped by theExecutive. While we are saturatingSouthern soil with the best blood of the countryin the name of liberty, we have really parted with itat home. To-day we have in the country the abuses of militarydictation, without its unity of action and vigor ofexecution; an Administration marked at home by disregardof Constitutional rights, by its violation of personalliberty and the liberty of the press, and, as acrowning shame, by its abandonment of the right ofasylum dear to all free nations abroad. Its course hasbeen characterized by a feebleness and want of principle,which has minted European powers and driventhem to a belief that only commercial interests andpersonal aims are concerned, and that no great principlesare involved in the issue. * * * * This incapacityand selfishness naturally produced such resultas led the European Powers, and logically enough,to the conviction that the North and its greatly superiorpopulation, its numerous resources and its credit,will never be able to recover the South." What element of Copperheadism is wanting?Hatred of the Administration? It is here. Sympathywith the Copperheads and rebels, whom bythe authority of the Constitution and of an act ofCongress the President lawfully and properly sent toFort Lafayette? It is here. Alleged usurpation ofthe President? It is lure. Attacking the lawfulaction of the President (only too mild) in arresting,stopping and preventing Copperheads from givingaid and comfort to the rebels by treasonable publications,upon the principle that it is a crime for apublic officer forcibly to slop a crime? Here it isunder the head of "violation of the liberty of thepress." And alas, for human nature, it is poor Fremontwho styles the re-delivery to the Spanish Governmentof the infamous Arguelles, who, by participatingin the slave trade, has rendered himself anoutlaw to the world and an enemy to the race, "anabandonment of toe right of asylum dear to all freenations abroad" He places a slave trader, fleeingfrom the laws of the civilized world against piracy,in the same category with a Garibaldi, a Mazzini, aMeagher or a Kossuth, fleeing to our free shores forhaving been guilty of endeavoring to establish republicaninstitutions in monarchical countries. Fremont even asserts, though covertly and indirectly,and as being the logical conclusion of othersrather than his own, but still with sufficient plainnessto make his intent evident to the Copperheads,the favorite Copperhead article of faith that "theNorth and its greatly superior population, its numerousresources and its credit, will never be able torecover the South." Could the Copperheads whowill meet at Chicago ask snore? Lest they any, beshows his mettle by hacking away the plank of theCleveland Platform swart objectionable to Copperheads,and intimating his disapproval of the remainder.The resolution reads as follows— "18th. That the confection of the lands of the rebelsand their  among the soldier and actual is a measure of justice."   Fremont   "But I cannot so  concur in all the which you propose. I do not believe that confiscationextended to the property of all rebels is practicable,and if it were so, I do not think it a measure of soundpolicy. It is, in fact, a question belonging to the peoplethemselves to decide, and is a proper occasion forthe exercise of their original and sovereign authority."   Fremont would leave this question to the "peoplethemselves." Does he mean to the people of the entireUnion? Evidently not, for their voice can onlyhe heard representatively through Congress, whichhas already voted in favor of confiscation. He canonly refer to the people of the State in which theproperty is situate In short, Fremont thinks thatthe people of South Carolina should decide whetherthe property of South Carolinians is to be confiscated—rebels are to determine the measure of rebelpunishment. Again he says:— "In the adjustments which are to follow peace, noconsideration of vengeance can consistently be admitted." In other words, in closing up the rebellion, therebels are not to be hurt, their leaders are not to bepunished, and the rank and file of the Union troopsare not to be rewarded by the distribution of landsamong them, but those lands are to be handed overto their former rebel owners. He continues:— " But if Mr. Lincoln be re-nominated, as I believeit would be fatal to the country to endorse a policy andrenew a power which has cost us the lives of thousandsof men, and needlessly put the country on theroad to bankruptcy, there will remain no alternativebut to organize against him every element of conscientiousopposition with the view to prevent the misfortuneof his reelection." According to Fremont, it is not Jefferson Davis orthe rebellion, but Mr. Lincoln's "policy" and"power," which have cost us the lives of thousandsof" men, and needlessly put the country on the roadto bankruptcy. It is not against Jeff. Davis and therebellion, but against Mr. Lincoln that "every elementof conscientious opposition is to be organized."The most considerable element of conscientious oppositionto Mr. Lincoln is the rebellion, the next inimportance is Copperheadism? With both these,therefore, Fremont proposes to cooperate. For what end has Fremont thus prostrated himselfat the shrine of Copperheadism? Evidently tocompete with McClellan for the Chicago nomination.It is with pain that we are compelled thus to exposethe worthlessness of this political mountebank, whowas once honored far beyond his deserts with theconfidence of that party which, identifying itselfwith the fundamental principles of freedom and truedemocracy, is destined still for many years to swaythe destinies of the country. It is but necessary,however, to record his language to discover that hehas severed every tie which bound him to the Unionparty, and has fully and unreservedly committedhimself to the Copperhead party. As even thewind is tempered to the shorn lamb, may our stockof resignation hold out through this sad bereavement.—Chicago Tribune. Chicago Tribune. 
