 The League of the United Southerners of the cityand county of Montgomery, Alabama, have publishedthe following manifesto in the Montgomery Advertiser,the organ of the disunionists:— Advertiser The relations between the Northern and SouthernStates of this Union are assuming, so far as the latterare concerned, an aspect which must excite thedeep solicitude of every patriot. Independent confederatedsovereignties under a common governmentof their own creation, they have the highest motivesfor peace, friendship, and the interchange of kindoffices; but, unfortunately, the States of the Northernsection have conceived and do manifest a hostilitytowards those of the South as deadly and implacableas it is unnatural and causeless. Beset as you areby a foe so vastly superior in numbers, animated bya lust for plunder and aggrandizement, together witha fanaticism as heartless and criminal as ever stainedthe pages of history, and employing every meansshort of fire and sword to composes your destruction,it behooves you, if you would preserve your rightsand liberties, to prepare to meet in issue which cannotbe postponed nor evaded. The League of United Southerners submit to youthe following declaration of their motives, aims,principles, and invite your attentive consideration ofa policy upon the adoption of which, as we earnestlybelieve, hang the interests and destiny of theSouthern States. In the Federal Convention which framed the constitution,the question of slavery came up for adjustment.Our fathers made it a question of union ordisunion. Then was effected the first great compromiseand which, in good faith and justice, ought tohave been a final one. Had it been adhered to inletter and spirit, we would have been to-day the happiestand most prosperous people that ever the sunshone on. But immediately on the adoption of theconstitution, the restless genius of fanaticism beganto work. Congress was assailed by sundry memorialsand petitions on the subject of slavery, andform that day to this the North has waged a systematicand a relentless war upon our most cherishedinstitutions. [Here follows a historical sketch of the variousslavery agitations and compromises down to thepresent day, not particularly necessary for the informationof our readers.] Such has been the compromise policy. Behold itsfruits! The checks and balances of the Constitutionneutralized or destroyed—the South excluded fromthe territories—California and Kansas wrested fromher—the slave trade abolished in the District ofColumbia—the fugitive slave law a nullity—the SupremesCourt assailed—the churches disbanded—national parties dissolved—a craven spirit of submission,and a baser spirit of party servility crushingthe energies of our distracted section—the Northpervaded by a hostile agitation, which, for violenceand malignity, is unparalleled between friendlySates—an open and powerful crusade on foot to depriveas of our property, and to elevate the negro toas equality with the white man—and the South inshapeless minority in every department of the governmentdepending on numbers—in the ElectoralCollege, in the Senate, and in the House of Representatives.The glittering fruits promised us by theto-called conservative statesmanship of the past, likethe fruits on the shore of the Dead Sea, turn to asheson the lips. The great and leading object of the League of[ailed Southerners is to induce the South to reversethis policy—to induce her, if possible, to make astand, and under no circumstances to yield anotherhair breadth of her just constitutional rights. Fornear three score years and ten have we argued, expostulated,implored, compromised. Generationshave heard our cause, and passed away, and aremonumental witnesses at the her of posterity of ourfidelity, our fraternity, and our sacrifices. The accumulatedwrongs of the past, and the perilous exigenciesof the present, in the opinion of this League,demand that there shall be no more compromises.A stern and manly defence would give us strengthAnd self-reliance, and inspire the respect of our enemies.Concession brings naught but disaster, anduniformly invites new and more arrogant demands.Already does the great triumphant black republicanparty at the North, which, like Aaron's rod, haswell nigh swallowed all others, marshal its hostsunder a darker banner, and proclaim more directschemes for Southern spoliation. Having virtuallyexcluded us from the common territory, their wilyand scrupulous leaders, with Seward at their head,declares a war of extermination—a war to the knifeupon slavery in the States; and their policy hasbeen accepted by the North. What more, we ask,has the South to yield, unless she is prepared to beprovincialized , subjugated and destroyed? Willpower pause in its career of plunder and persecution?Will infuriated fanaticism stop in pursuit of its endsto reason and weigh nice questions of moral and constitutionalobligation? The demands of Northern functions have everbeen aggressive. In the first place, it asked the abolition of theforeign slave trade. We yielded it. 2. It demanded the abolition of the slave trade isthe District of Columbia. We yielded that. 3. It then demanded the abolition of the interstateslave trade. That is yet an open question. 4. It does not scruple to demand the abolition ofslavery itself in the arsenals, the dockyards, and inthe District of Columbia. 5. It demands our exclusion from newly acquiredfurriery. 6. It demands our exclusion from all territory. 7. It demand that we shall never reclaim ourfugitive slaves. 8. It demands that no more slave States shall beadmitted into the Union. 9. It demands that we shall bear a disproportionof the barthens of taxation. 10. It demands extravagant governmental expendituresto increase our barthens. 11. And, finally, it demands the utter and totaloverthrow of slavery in the United States. No prophet's icon is needed to fore ace the terribleevents of the future which will follow, as certain asthe right follows the day, unless the fatal compromisepolicy is abandoned henceforth and forever.First, the Supreme Court will be 'reorganized' soas to present no check to the unconstitutional actionof a numerical majority—them slavery will be abolishedin the arousal, the dock yards and the Districtof Columbia-to be succeeded by a prohibition ofthe inter-State slave trade. As we near the vortexof ruin, events will hasten. The insatiate cupidityof the North will brook no restraint; and we shallbecome the victims of a grinding taxation; or, perchance,an edict of emancipation will thunder fromthe central government, should fanaticism get thebetter of aviaries and the last of dominion. Let us resolve, then, to fling all suggestions ofsubmission and compromise to the winds, and meetthe issue as becomes intelligent freemen.  TheLeague proposes a new policy to the South—new inpoint of action, though often recommended, in effect,by her wisest sons—the policy of firm, united, organizeddefence; a policy which should never besacrificed to the base behests of party expediency orthe delusive promise of temporary advantage. Organizationis indispensable. Men, separate and single-banded,can achieve but little; it is only byassociated and will-directed effort that great objectsare accomplished. And we solemnly believe that itis only by a union of the true men of the South, inone shape or another, that we can avert a in to themost ignominious that ever befell a people. As subsidiary to our main object, and as essentialat all times and under all circumstances to the preservationof our institutions, we propose by discussion,by the diffusion of information in regard to ourcondition, and by all other legitimate means, to elevateSouthern continent upon the subject of slaveryto a still higher standard. We know that the peopleof the South, as a body, are sound upon thisquestion; yet we need a sentiment that will regardthe invasion of our constitutional rights as the invasionof our households—and will recognize the necessityof sustaining slavery not only where its existenceis put directly in issue, but where it is remotelyconcerned. We need a sentiment that, scorning allcompromises, will not tolerate a resort to legerdemainor subterfuge to save an administration or apolitical party—and, above all, we need a sentimentthat will cheer and sustain our statesmen when theystrike boldly for our rights. Had public opinion inthe South been thus elevated and enlightened, thepolicy of the League would long since have been herpolicy—all her rights would have been secured, andall organization in their defense idle and superfluous. In furtherance of these objects, we have pledgedourselves to make the maintenance of the rights ofthe South paramount to all party obligations. Toconfide those rights to the exclusive keeping of anynational party is, in our judgment, to betray a confidencebordering on folly. The South must rely onherself; she cannot safely build her castles on theshifting sands of party. Admit that a party mayadvocate principles which, if carried out in goodfaith, would insure equal and exact justice to all theStates—yet that party may be defeated, or, if triumphantin the elections, it may experience defectionsfatal to the successful carrying out of its principles.What then? Are we of the South, in viewof the mighty dangers by which we are begirt, tostand with folded arms unprepared for such emergencies?Such is not the part of wisdom. TheLeague, planting itself upon the Constitutions, anddemanding the quality at the South interferes withno party which concedes and upholds that equality.It is only when a party ignores or fails in this thatwe are in antagonism with it, and in that event wehold it to be the bounden duty of every Southernman to trample all party obligations in the dust,when they are sought to be weighed in the balancewith the rights and interests and honor of theseSouthern States. You are still advised to wait. Infatuated partisanleaders, whose narrow aspirations know nohigher object than party success—no nobler rewardthan official spoils—would lull the sense of yourwrongs, and repress all efforts for resistance, last theymay be foiled in their petty schemes for personal andparty aggrandizement. Shall we give ear to theirselfish counsel? Shall we longer delay preparation?Shall we wait till a black republican administrationis installed at the federal capital, till the army, thenavy, the treasury and the immense patronage of thegovernment are in the hands of our enemies? Itmay then be too late. The very revenue paid by usinto the federal treasury will be need to purchasemercenaries to train the arms of the Union to aweas into submission. The South, if true to herself, is amply able tomaintain her rights. If driven to the necessity, shehas the physical resources, the courage and thestatesmanship to take her stand among the nationsof the earth. And while the League of UnitedSoutherners seeks to preserve the rights of the Southin the Union, and seriously deprecates the causeswhich are tending to its dissolution, yet we believeand are free to declare that the election of a man tothe Presidency of these United States because of hishostility to us and our institutions would evincesuch a state of opinion and feeling on the part of theNorthern States, and would place as in such a conditionin this government, as would render any furtheralliance with them ruinous and dishonorableIn that event, in view of the wrongs, insults andoutrages of the past, we, at least, are willing to embarkour fortunes on the open sea of disunion, and,trusting to the justness of our cause, leave the issueto Heaven. THOMAS WILLIAMS, Committee.T.M. ARRINGTON,JAMES T. HOLITZCLAW,J.C.B. MITCHELL,M.L. WOODS, Committee. December 10, 1858. 
