 With leer than one thousand slaves in a populationof 150,000 souls, St. Louis might be supposedto have very little interest in the question of emancipation.But not so. So far as Missouri is concerned,she has more interest in the question thanany other portion of the States. Not only has shemost vital commercial interests. affected by it, athome, but her program is materially depended onthe development, wealth and prosperity of theState at large. The interest is material. Whatthe city of New York, with her market, is to theState, and what the State would be without thecity. that St. Louis is to Missouri, and that Missouriwould be without St. Louis. For every dollar addedto the capital of St. Louis, another dollar isdistributed over the State. Markets created, moneyincreased, taxes paid by St. Louis, are all itemsof State concern. St. Louis has nothing to surrenderin case of Emancipation, and what the countrywould be required to surrender, she would get backin good measure, by sharing in what the city wouldgain therefrom. Every Missourian is justly proud of our businessmetropolis, and points to her program with exultation.And yet, with the advantages she has enjoyed,it is a question if St. Louis ought not to-dayto have been much further advanced than she is—Seated at the centre of the great central valley,near where its life-veins most, at about equal distancefrom Eastern and Western mountain chains,two thousand miles apart, and from the waters ofthe Southern gulf and the frozen North, below thepoint where the cold seriously interferes with laborand business, and above the point which marks thevisits of the epidemics of the South, nature evidentlyselected her location for the great business centre,and seat of the queen city of all the inland country.But, with all our local pride, it cannot beclaimed that such is yet St. Louis's position, norcan it be denied that her advantages have been longknown. She is not yet the first city of the West.Cincinnati and New Orleans are before her; Chicagois close behind her. Nor has program beenthe most rapid; Chicago, for her age, has outstrippedher. Other towns and cities in free States haveand are doing the same. It may be the growth ofChicago and other places North has not been ashealth; that the capital of Eastern cities has beenpoured into them on speculation, leaving themgreatly dependant on foreign control;  railroadshave given them that impulse which St. Louis isyet mainly to receive  that the superiority of herlocation is such as to secure her the ultimate preponderance.All this I believe. But it only goesto show the advantages which freedom gives to placescan for which nature has done less. That capitalshould seek them, and railroads first reach them, isthe necessary result of free labor enterprise. It is tothe fact that St. Louis has shared many of the advantagesof a free city—although upon slaveholdingsoil—that she is upon the border; that she haslargely participated in free State trade; that she isherself almost destitute of slaves; that many of hersagacious citizens have discovered the secret of superiority,and boldly avowed free soil sentiments—that much of her past and present success is attributable.   It is a notable fact, that free State cities are generallybuilt in anticipation of business, while slaveState cities grow with or rather after the business.This tells a tale of public spirit and enterprise whichhas an important moral. It is equally a fact, thatthe atmosphere of slavery has never been congenialto the growth of cities. Look along the Atlanticcoast for proof; and very in its results from that ofthe sea-board? The situation of St. Louis is peculiar, and I cansafely add, precarious. She has two interests toconsult and propitiate. She has to shape her sails(and sales) to meet two opposing breezes of publicopinion. She is seated upon a slaveholding promontory,projecting into and surrounded on three sidesby free soil, around which the waves of free laborand progress are beating with most astonishingstrength and rapidity. She looks on one side to theEast—across a narrow belt of water, on a wide andrich scope of country, which belongs to freedom,whose patronage is all in important for her to secure—On two other sides, North and West—after passingover a comparatively narrow range of slave soil, ofthe most of whose business, on account of its proximity,she is at all events secure, her eye rests uponterritory almost boundless in extent, just opening upto civilization, which she has marked for her own,and whose business, if her brightest anticipations forthe future are to be realized, she most make her own,and all of it destined to be free soil. It may be thather natural position will insure her all she desiresand expects from the patronage of the rival States,which are to grow out of these Territories, for rivalsthey will be to Missouri. But will it do to trust tothis? She most expect a struggle for the possessionand the mastery. She will have rival towns andoffice a plenty in Kansas, in Nebraska, in Iowa, inIllinois.  She is a slaveholding city. They will befree. Slavery is jealous of freedom. Freedom isjealous of slavery. Free labor is sleepless. TheYankees are untiring. All that men can do withmoney, with labor and with mind, upon a soil whereall can be employed to the very best advantage, shemust expect to encounter in favor of rival interestsand against herself. She will have no mean adversariesto contend with. When she looks to theNorth, and beholds the triumphs which free laborhas everywhere achieved, she will understand withwhat weapons freedom will arm the foe. Whenshe turns to the South, and beholds what slave laborhas failed to do, she will understand what relianceshe can repose upon the recourses which slavery canafford her. Both should warn her of her danger.She must remember, too, that natural advantages,afforded by rivers, are not now of that first importancethey once were, but have become secondary.Science has almost vanquished nature. Railroads,in nearly all respects, more than supply the placesof rivers. Fully aware of thin, Chicago, Keokuk,Burlington, and Dubuque are busy stretching westwardtheir iron arms to can brace that business whichSt. Louis is now looking to for much of her futuredependence. Rivals still farther westward will repeatthe same policy. In this contest, would theabsence of all prejudices on the slavery question beof no account to St. Louis? Would not havingbut one is interest to serve and propitiate, instead oftwo, be of some advantage? Would not emancipationin Missouri, in few words, be St. Louis's strongestlever of success? In another very important respect, the question ofemancipation becomes quite as vital to the interestsof St. Louis. She aims to be a manufacturing city.Nature has surrounded her with the materials.—Much of her prosperity depends upon her success inthis particular. If she succeeds in this, she has ahome reliance, and can live and proper, althoughmuch of her foreign trade might be out off. I have shown what the history of the whole countryproves, that in a slave labor community, completesuccess in manufacturing in impossible. St.Louis has made a fair beginning towards success, bydiscarding slaves, and investing the capital whichshe has to invest in labor—in the labor of free whiteman. So far, all well. But something more is necessary.The same canes must be pursued in the regionswhence she draws her materials, or she is crippledin the very beginning of her undertaking.—The work in all its departments ought to move onuniformly and harmoniously, otherwise confusionand derangement are at all times liable to rise. Unityof sentiment is equally essential, and how canthis be expected to exist, if the city adopts free labor,and thereby becomes practically anti-slavery, and thecountry adheres to slave labor, and thus continuespro-slavery? But I think I have said enough to establish that,while our proud city has the promise of a golden nature,its realization must be labored for, and laboredfor in the right way, and that none have reason totake as deep interest in the question of Emancipationin Missouri as the citizens of St. Louis. A MISSOURIAN. ISSOURIAN. 
