 On Saturday last, some of our citizens ascertainedthat a secret agent of the Government, sent thitherfor the purpose of embarrassing the emigration toNicaragua, had been for some days in our midst.—As soon as this was definitely known, preparationswere made to drive the gentlemen from the tows; but,on inquiry at his hotel, it was discovered that heleft for Washington about twelve o'clock in the day.Judge Campbell took his departure on the same day.The secret agent—the spy, who was sent to Alabama,in order to defeat an enterprise for the extensionof slavery, is called Gen. Wilson; and his residenceis that hot-bed of Abolitionism—the State of Ohio. preparationswere made to drive the gentlemen from the tows in order to defeat an enterprise for the extensionof slavery Truly, they are determined to fool us to the topof our bent. It is not sufficient that the Collectorof Mobile has instructions to refuse a clearance toall vessels and persons suspected of being engaged inan effort to carry slavery into Central America; thatan intolerant and persecuting Judge calls a SpecialTerm of Court, with a view of exhausting his intellectand his influence in the attempt to defeat theenterprise; that a landing member of the her shouldbe employed to examine and cross-examine witnesseswithin the sacred precincts of the Grand Jury room,in order to elicit, if possible, some evidence to taintthe character of the emigration to Nicaragua. Inaddition to all this, a spy from Ohio is sent amongus, and he is seen sneaking about the wharves andwarehouses of the city, to find out something contrabandof Abolition interest and Abolition policy. an effort to carry slavery into Central America The Collector of this port is a gentlemen of honorand integrity, and will discharge his official duty,even though it conflicts with him feelings and hisopinions. Mr. Robert H. Smith, the AssistantCounsel of the United States, will fulfill his obligationto his client, no matter how odious they maybe, as becomes a conscientious Attorney. Mr. Requier,the U.S. District Attorney, with a good will,probably, has not the natural sagacity for a vigorousand skillful police agent. Judge Campbell,presiding in the U.S. Ciresuit Court, does not findthe Collector, and the Assistant Counsel, and theDistrict Attorney, suitable and efficient agents tocarry out his designs against he Nicaraguans.Therefore, be prevails on the Executive Departmentto send out a spy from Ohio, in order to hunt downSouthern men, engaged in a Southern policy; andone evidence of his complicity with Wilson is, thatthey leave at the same time for Washington, but bydifferent roads, to escape the suspicion of co-operation. engaged in a Southern policy This last act of the Federal Government is 'themost unkind out of all.' In a long list of insultsand injuries inflicted on the Southern people by theFederal authorities, the sending of a spy into ourvery midst, to watch our houses and our streets,shines supreme. We shall next have our servantspaid to report the words which drop from us aboutthe dinner table. It was not enough that, to defectslavery in Nicaragua, Commander Davis took theschooner Granada, from the gallant Captain Fayssoux,and turned her over to a Jamaica negro witha Costa Rican commission in his pocket; that CommodorePaulding should drag the naturalized Nicaraguansfrom their homes, and disgrace himself,and, by implication, dishonor his Government, byreading and retaining in his possession a letter addressedto General Walker by a gentleman of thiscity. It was not enough that a Justice of the SupremeCourt, adopting the words of the infamousGeneral Mora, President of Costa Rica—known asthe murderer of wounded prisoners—should denouncethe effort to plant slavery in Nicaragua as 'opposedto the religion and civilization of the age.' Yetmore was needed to fill the measure of Federal insultand injury to the people of the Southern States.An Ohio spy must be sent among us. to defectslavery in Nicaragua the effort to plant slavery in Nicaragua We take the liberty of saying to the Southernmembers of Congress, that if they do not make theland ring with their denunciations of such acts onthe part of the Federal Government, they will besadly derelict in their duties to their constituents.If they do not act, we beg to inform them the peoplewill. Our patience is not eternal. We cannotand will not have our homes watched by the secretagents of a hostile Federal power. We have yetsome spirit left, and are scarcely fit to become theslaves of a centralized Free Soil authority—MobileRegister, 7th inst. MobileRegister, 7th inst. 
