 Extract from a speech recently made by StephenArnold Douglas to the citizens of New Orleans:— When addressing a large crowd of Abolitionists;I was answered that slavery is so great an evil thattheir consciences will not permit them to be quietabout it, even after performing their whole duty intheir own State. I give you , they begin to read the Declaration of Independence—that all men arecreated equal, and endowed with inalienable rightsof life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness—andthen stop and say, does not that declaration tell youthat all men are equal? And are not engross men?And are they not equal to white men? And hence,have they not divine right and inalienable privileges?And how can you reduce them to an inferior positionby human laws? This is specious sophistry, by whichthe Abolitionists have brought weak-minded menand silly old women to really believe that negroesare their brothers. And I must say, a great portionof your Southerners quail under that argument.—My answer is this—when the framers of the Declarationof Independence declared that all men werecreated free and equal, they had no reference to thenegro race. They spoke of white men, of Europeanblood and descent, upon whom the negro, belongingto an inferior race, was dependent. First, bear inmind that at the time the Declaration was drafted.every colony was a slaveholding colony. Second,that the Representatives in the colonial Congressrepresented a slaveholding constituency. It is clear,then, that as such was the fact, the framers of thatimmortal instrument would have been hypocrites ifthe phrases alluded to admitted any other construction.Do you believe that those men were such hypocritesto say their negro slaves were their ownequals, then hold them as slaves the balance of theirlives?  I spurn, as an American citizen, such an imputationon those glorious sages and statesmen. Theywere speaking of white men, of European origin,not of the negro or any other inferior race. Thisgovernment was made by white men for the benefitof white men and their posterity, to be administeredby white men, and none others. 'Tis true we hadamong as other inferior races incapable of self-government,and dependent on as for protection. It is the law of humanity, the law of civilization,all the world over, that whenever men, or a race ofmen, show themselves incapable of managing theirown affairs, they must consent to be governed bythose capable of doing so. On that principle areestablished charitable institutions for the deaf, theblind, the insane, and other unfortunates. Thoseincapable of governing themselves must be governedby others. According to that principlethe negro race, in all ages, and in all parts of theworld, have shown themselves incapable of self-government.The negro race have attained a highermoral culture and civilization in the Southern Statesthan in any other part of the world. From these consideration, I arrive at the conclusionthat the negro race is inferior, and, I believe,not composed of elements of governing power underthe American system of government. 
