 The Grand Jury of Columbia, South Carolina,reported, on Monday last, that they had found nobill against the crow of the captured slaver Echo. The Echo, it will be remembered, is the slaverwhich was caught by a U.S. Brig, some monthssince, with a cargo of three hundred engross onboard. Her crew, after murdering about half ofthem by suffocation and starvation, were taking therest to market. They were captured in the veryact, and lodged in Charleston jail, while the negroeswere sent book to Africa in the steam frigate Niagara,at Government expense—a proceeding whichclearly shows how the conduct of the Echo's crew isregarded at Washington. It is barely possible that the extraordinary actionof the Columbia Grand Jury in this case was dueto some legal technicality, by which the pirates ofthe Echo hope to escape from the punishment whichthey so richly merit. We should judge, however,from the facts before us, that the Grand Jury hadactually refused to indict them, and had assumed todeny the constitutionality of the law under whichthey were arrested—in other words, that the GrandJury recognizes no right on the part of the GeneralGovernment to punish as criminals those who engagein the slave trade! Only one thing now remainsto be done—to bring the question directly beforethe Court, and see whether South CarolinaJudge will have the effrontery to nullify a law ofthe United States and of nations. Then, if theGovernment submits to this, the question of theformal revival of the slave trade may be regarded,as the Albany Journal truly remarks, as 'alreadysolved. If it is thus judicially settled that slavetraders caught in the very act will be let off scotfree by the Federal Courts, and that acts of Congressand international treaties may be act aside by acouple of dozen South Carolina juryman, we maylook to see the re-opening of the piratical traffic inits most brazen and atrocious from, by fleets of slavers,disembarking their freight at Charleston.' Journal This pieces of brazen audacity was dictated by thesome spirit which demanded the repeal of the MissouriCompromise; which clamored for the AthertonGag; which procured the passage of the FugitiveSlave Bill; which engineered 'Lecompton'through its 'strange, eventful history'; whichenunciated the inane paradox of squatter sovereignty;which caused the Dred Scott decision to be promulgated;which gave success to the English Billin Congress, and which now calls for the establishmentof a slave code in the territories. NorthernPresidents have so long truckled to the impudentand unreasonable demands of the South, that thehas come to regard herself as Supreme Dictator,and now deliberately proceeds to set at defiance lawswhich are as old as the Government itself. Everyterm, during the last twenty years, that she hasbeen granted an inch, she has taken as all. Shehas demanded nothing that she has not received.She has failed in nothing, except in forcing theEnglish Bill upon the people of Kansas—a failurethat was due to the fact, that the day upon whichthat infamous instrument was rejected was the sameday on which the Missouri election was hold, andthe ruffians of the Missouri border were wanted athome, and could not be in two places at the sametime. Is it to be wondered at, them, that, afterhaving gone so far, she has no scruples in regard togoing still further> that she finally sets all lawat defiance, and tramples the Constitution beneathher feet? What course the general government will pursesin this case remains to be seen. Judging from thepast, it will suffer the South to have its own way—and if it does, the issue between the North and theSouth will be more distinctly presented than it everwas before. The signs of the times—among whichthe result of the Echo case is prominent—all pointto a direct battle between Freedom and Slavery, andwarm us that the contest in near at hand. To ourown minds, it is clear that the Rubicon must becrossed in 1860. We do not see how the strugglecan be longer delayed, and she South might as wellunderstand, first as last, that the North is ready forher. We are not among those who are afraid of thebugbear 'Disunion.' To all intents and purposes,the North and the South are already sundered. Noformal separation could make the breach wider ormore effectual than it now is.—Syracuse Journal. Syracuse Journal. 
