 A slave that can hoe is excellent. A slave thatcan sow is delightful. A slave that can reap is admirable.A slave that can gather into barns is atreasure. A slave that will not run a way is indeeda possession. A slave that will stand anything,from the cat and the paddle up to the rendition ofhis wife and children, is an Abrahamic model.—Here one would suppose the catalogue of slavishvirtues might end, unless we added to it that dubiousvirtue of fecundity, upon which decency willnot permit it us to dilate. But what will our readerssay to a Slave figuring in the light of an Inventor?Of an Inventor of 'a useful agricultural machine'?of a 'machine' so useful that it promises to beprofitable? and what will our readers think of thebotherations, dilemmas, obfuscations, and generaltopsyturviness of the Patent Office when a Chattelwith a black skin walked into the cloisters sacred toinvention, and claimed to have shown a little intellectualpower, and to be entitled to remunerationtherefore? Claimed—poor Chattel that be was—tohave invented something which human beings mightfind profitable and convenient. Horrible was thedignified distress of the Patent Office at this application.Here was a thing—in the light of the Constitutionnothing but a thing—claiming the honorsand emoluments of an inventor! What should athing the doing there? A thing with two legs, anda stomach, and a head, and two hands, absolutelypretending to have invented something? No ploughever applied. No cart ever applied. No borne everapplied. Therefore, when this two-legged thingcame up, there was a row in the Office, and the magnatesordered her or him or it be go about his, her,or its business, and pointedly declined to issue anyLetters Patent whatever, thereby establishing it asa fixed fact that no 'nigger' could invent anything.In this way was the negro of Mr. Oscar J.B. Stewart,who had blundered upon 'a useful agriculturalmachine,' treated. Oscar J.E. Stewart could notstand this. Oscar J.E. Stewart considered that hehad a right not merely to the brains, but to whatevercame out of the brains of his private and personalnigger. So Oscar J.E. Stewart petitioned theSenate that, if the Patent Office would not, couldnot, or should not, issue a patent to his ingenious'nigger,' it might be compelled to issue the patentto him. The petition was received, and the reportsays that it was appropriately referred. We havetried pretty hard to make out what an appropriatereference would be. Was it to the Committee onAgriculture? Or to the Committee on Claims?Or to the Committee on Ways and Means? Weshall watch this case for Mr. Oscar J.E. Stewart,and be shall have the benefit of our assistance. Heshall have the hard cash for his 'nigger's brainwork as well as for his 'nigger's' handicraftiness,and much good may it do him.—New York Tribune. New York Tribune. 
