 BY D.W. BARTLETT. WASHIGTON, D.C., Dec. 31, 1860. ASHIGTON We are in the midst of a revolution. Every dayand every hour unfolds fresh treason and new traitors,in the very Government itself. Enough has alreadytranspired to mike it absolutely certain that the Administrationanticipated revolution in the slave Statesprevious to the Presidential election, and there canbe no doubt of the fact that prominent members in itthree months ago began to make preparations for thetreasonable movement. The Southern forts werepurposely left defenceless, the arms of the UnitedStates were sold to the slave States at nominal prices,and the most unblushing traitors were left in some ofthe most important Federal offices. That the Presidentknew revolution was coming is now evident, aswell as the fact that ho sympathized with it, and neglectedto take the proper steps for the defence of thepublic property in the cotton States. I have justseen a gentleman who has been spending a fortnightin Charleston, having left there two or three dayssince. He says that the people of Charleston boastthat they have in their possession letters from thePresident, in which he openly pledges himself not tore-enforce Major Anderson. The letters, it is said,were given to Mows. Miles and Keitt several weeksago, and the President is in continual terror lestthese proofs of his complicity with traitors should getinto print Within two days of the writing of this,a Southern Senator, enraged at the recent movementof Major Anderson, threatened the President to hisface that, unless the gallant Major was recalled, IkeWhite House should be burned to the ground! Entirelydifferent were the words of the venerable Gen.Scott. Said be to the President, "Sir, Major Andersonhas saved the country's honor, and yours withit!" The South Carolina Commissioners demandedthe recall of Anderson, and for long hours the Presidenthesitated whether he would comply with thatdemand or not! The Cabinet sat for six hours onFriday night, and was about equally divided. Wasever imbecility like this known in any civilized government?These traitors demand of the Governmentagainst which they have rebelled, that it shalldismantle its fortresses—and that Government discussesthe demand for hours! Messrs. Holt, Toucey,Black, and Stanton were very firm in their rapportof Anderson, while Floyd, Thompson, Thomas, andMr. Buchanan were for either recalling him or orderinghim back to Fort Moultrie. So the matterstood at midnight on Friday, and Secretary Floydthreatened to resign his portfolio if Anderson wassustained. A second Cabinet meeting was held earlyon Saturday morning. Meanwhile, the Presidentheld another long consultation with Gen. Scott, whowas almost vehement in his defence of Anderson.It is rumored that he went so far as to tender hisresignation if Anderson was reprimanded or orderedaway from Fort Sumpter. When the Cabinet wasconvened, Mr. Buchanan sided with the NorthernMembers, and the vote stood five to three in favor ofsustaining the gallant Major who commands at FortSumpter. Floyd, the Secretary of War, instantlyresigned. By doing so he has saved himself from theconsequences of an official investigation into his conductfor two years past That he is mixed up withthe corruptions of the Administration, no candid manwill doubt. White House should be burned to the ground! and yours withit! That there is a wide-spread conspiracy to preventthe inauguration at Mr. Lincoln, can no longer bedoubted, and so general is the belief in it, that manyNorthern and Western Members of Congress havewritten home for advice, and if needs be, military aidto defend the President-elect. A Northwestern Democrat,a Member of Congress, asserts that the determinationof the secessionists to prevent Lincoln's inaugurationin Washington, has led them to take secretmeasures for carrying into effect their murderousand treasonable purposes, and that more than onefree State Democrat is engaged in the conspiracy. Awell-known Western doughface, in Congress, was recentlyin Richmond, and came back here boastingthat the Republicans would never inaugurate theirPresident in Washington. It is known here that Ex-GovernorWise is at the bottom of this base plot totake possession of the Capital, and drive the NorthernMembers of Congress out of the District. It isonly carrying out the idea which he promulgated justbefore Mr. Buchanan was elected; and the RichmondEnquirer, edited by his son, issues its anneals daily,to the lawless people in Virginia and Maryland, tomake good the Ex-Governor's threats. Undoubtedly,a secret organization exists with this sincere purpose,and some of the coolest and shrewdest Republicanshere believe the danger to he so great as to demandimmediate action on the part of the people of the freeStates. No reliance can be placed upon the presentAdministration, to make any preparations for the occasion,to ward off the danger. Instead of this, everyelement of mischief will be let loose. Howell Cobbpurposely ruined the credit of the country, so that todayit is paying twelve per cent, interest forI believe the present Secretary of the Treasury laughsin his sleeve over the condition of his department.The Government is paralyzed, the Federal arm broken,and the country disgraced in the eyes of theworld. This is the object of the Seceders. Theywish to break down the existing Government, andthe Administration is doing it as rapidly as possible.In a very few weeks more, there will nothing be leftworth fighting for, below the slave line.—New YorkIndependence. in Washington Enquirer twelve per cent New YorkIndependence. 
