 The time is rapidly approaching when that whichis noble, just and true, shall be applauded and acceptedjoyfully by the people. Wicked rulers andpolitical demagogues will then, each and all, be consignedto their own place, without influence or power.We wait now patiently through the present ragingconflict, trusting in the Supreme Ruler of nations,knowing that all things shall work together for ourgood. We appeal, therefore, particularly, to everybusiness man in the nation who has faith in moralprinciple, in humanity, in justice, in God, to standfirm in this hour of trial. If you waver, if you areafraid of the loss of business, of the wasting of property,of the fall of stocks, or even of bankruptcy, youare not worthy of the inheritance of our Pilgrim Fathers.They were willing to forsake houses andlands, wife and children, and every earthly good,and poured out their life-blood in order to secure theblessings which we hitherto have enjoyed. Shall weimitate their example, or shall we with ignoble purposesurrender forever all they so gloriously achieved,and lay ourselves on the altar of injustice, and be awilling sacrifice to the arch enemy of freedom?NEVER—we say, NEVER! There were traitors inthe days of the Revolution, and there are traitorsnow; and history will point to James Buchanan, thepresent Executive of the nation, as the traitor-in-chiefof our glorious Republic. He shall be classed withBenedict Arnold, out shall have a lower place thanhe, for as our President, he has sworn to be our protector;he has solemnly covenanted before God andthe people that he would enforce the laws, supportthe Constitution, and be a minister of justice to all.He has broken his oath, he is a self-convicted perjurerbefore God and man, and as such his name shallbe branded with infamy, henceforth and forever.No earthly power can prevent it. He is forsaken byhis own counsellors, his own friends, and his ownparty, throughout the length and breadth of the land.Never have we heard any ruler, of any nation, souniversally condemned. His character—and wewish it distinctly understood that we speak of himonly in his official relations—is execrated and despisedfrom one end of the nation to the other. Hedoes not please the North nor the South, the Eastnor the West—nobody. Thank God, the days of hismadness, his timidity, and his folly are nearly ended.Till he shall make his exit from the Executive chair,we implore patience and kindness, but a firmnesswhich shall be as immovable as the Alleghanies orthe Granite Hills. Though countless millions be lost,though property depreciate, though stocks and bondscontinue to fall, though civil war shall rage, and ourenemies force us into Mood, and the nation be turnedinto sadness and mourning—rather than to do wrong,to permit injustice, to countenance oppression, toforsake our principles, let us be willing to imitate ourFathers—glorious names of the Revolution—and, ifneed be, lay down our lives. If it is possible, we willhave peace, for we love our country. Every foot ofin territory is dear to us, and the Union shall not betorn sunder by our hands. We love the people,North and South, and will not invade the rights of aangle human being. We lore the bond at well asthe free, for all are made in God's image, and all areto assemble, at last, before the mum tribunal of impartialjustice, to receive their own reward, whateverit may be, without regard to name, color, or anythingexcept their true moral character. Reader, ifyou desire real prosperity, stand Arm for the right;if you desire real peace, stand firm; if you desirethis nation to rise to superior grandeur, stand firm;if you sympathize with the whole world, now groaningand struggling for freedom, stand firm; if youdesire God's blessing, stand firm. Stand firm thoughJames Buchanan and a whole cohort of other traitorsshould cry out compromise. Stand firm in theface of threats and denunciation. Stand firm thoughyour own friends turn against you. Stand firmthough recreant ministers call upon you to yield"just once more" into the arms of the slave power.Stand by your principles. Stand by those who willbe strengthened by your example, by those who havelong been co-workers with you in the cause of humanrights; by those who have long been praying, "Thykingdom come." Stand by the men who will soonbe called to our highest places of trust and of power.Stand by the noble, honest, true-hearted President-elect,who needs your support, your influence, andyour prayers. In the name of the oppressed and ofthe down-trodden of earth, of the poor and the weak,in the name of struggling humanity the world over,we beseech you—STAND FIRM!—New York Independent. knowing They EVER traitor-in-chief nobody. lay down our lives. real compromise. New York Independent. 
