 THE GOVERNOR OF MAINE CONTRIBUTINGFUNDS TO AID IN STEALING AND RUNNING OFFNEGROES! We clip the following from the RocklandFree Press and Democrat:— HE OVERNOR AINE ONTRIBUTING UNDS TEALING UNNING EGROES Free Press and Democrat "Previous to the September election, a gentleman inthis city, a Democrat, and doing business as a merchant,was accosted in his store by one of the Governor'sCouncil of this State. It happens that the merchantto whom we refer has a partner who is a Republican,and the Hon. Councilor made the sad mistakeof taking the Democrat to be the Republican, and addressinghim by the name of the latter, introducing tohim a Mr.——, of Syracuse, N.Y. Mr. ——opened his business by saying that he was an agent forthe Underground Railroad, that during the past year1,000 slaves had been run off from the South intoCanada, and that as the business was becoming expensiveand required a large fund to carry it on, it had becomenecessary to solicit subscriptions from Republicansfor that purpose. Mr. —— then produced abook in which were the names of subscribers, and toldour Democrat to examine it, which the latter did. Tohis surprise he found that it contained the names ofleading Republicans in this city and State, and otherStates. Among them were Table  Table  Here were the subscriptions of the RepublicanGovernor elect of Massachusetts, and the presentGovernor of Maine, to aid in stealing slaves, andMr. —— was going about among the Republicansfor further subscriptions. Unless Republicans of thiscity will perjure themselves, we can prove everyword of this from their own lips. They had thedocuments shown to them, and some of them contributed. This is not the first time that every respectablecitizen of Maine has been put to the blush by theconduct of Lot M. Morrill during his Governorshipof this State. That pilfered Fast Day Proclamationhas not yet been forgotten. What think you of this, citizens of Maine? Howdoes it comport with your honor and dignity to haveyour Governor secretly contribute funds to aid instealing and running off negro slaves? How farwill the repeal of obnoxious Personal Liberty Billsgo to restore harmony to a distracted country, whenNorthern Governors and Governors elect are foundsecretly contributing money to thieves and robbersto violate plain provisions of the Constitution? This Lot . Morrill is now a candidate for theUnited States Senate, to fill the vacancy caused by theresignation of Hon. Hannibal Hamlin, and withmore than an even chance of an election. If hiselection were doubtful before, this last act of his willundoubtedly recommend him so highly to the Republicanmembers of the Legislature that his success beforethat body can no longer be problematical.—Bangor (Me.) Union, Dec. 29th. Bangor (Me.) Union, Dec. 29th. 
