 UNHAPPY MAN!—And ii this to be the end ofthe disgraceful Administration with which, for ourins, you have been permitted to curse this longufferingpeople? Is it not enough that by yourarrangement millions have been lavished in futileexpeditions, that by your corruption untold amountsof the public money have rewarded your politicalpartisans?  And now, as the day hastens when youare to resign the guardianship of the Temple ofAmerican Liberty, with which you were foolishlyentrusted, will you pull down its pillars, and bury usits ruins? NHAPPY AN I shall not attempt to confute the transparentsophistry by which you, in your Message, and theAttorney General of the United States—I mean theAttorney General of James Buchanan—would decisivean outraged people. Is any man so foolish asto suppose that you deceive yourself by your falsesense of "War against a State," and other suchassumptions? Attorney General of James Buchanan You have nothing to do with "States,"—you arerequired to punish traitors! But not only wouldyou try to persude us that you have no authorityto punish treason, bat, doing as much as in you liesto destroy the last hope of the Nation—the courageand energy at Congress—you strive to emasculateour National Representatives by terrifying theminto the mortal tremor which convulses your own person. Nor do you stop here! You fling"Parthian dart" behind you, in your ignominiouslight, aimed at the next Administration, by declaringthat unless those States which are alleged tohave passed laws deemed by some unconstitutional,hall repeal these laws, the Southern States will besatisfied in resisting the Federal Government! States  Monstrous doctrine! As if every well-instructedschool-boy did not know that it is the province ofthe Supreme Judicature, not that of any particularState, to decide whether laws are or are not unconstitutional!And yet, almost in the same breath,you tell us, despite these local laws, that in everycase which has occurred under your Administration,be Fugitive Slave Law has been enforced? If itbe right for two or three hands to contribute to themanufacture of a document signed by one person,surely it is not unreasonable to ask that the signerhall at least read what has been inserted into hisspecial "Message" by others:—otherwise, strangecontrasts of fabric, texture and color will be apt tostrike unpleasantly the public eye. least read Sir! have you not lent yourself—I should say your office—to the purposes of one portion of theConfederacy in antagonism to the other? Haveyou not demanded certain concessions by the North,with the threat—"Give them this, or they will destroyyour country, and I will let them destroy it!"But, not to enter into a consideration of this phaseof the question, may I be permitted to ask—Who isit that with Pharisaical scrupulosity refuses to usean item of power with which, as he untruly asserts,he is not clothed, by law? Listen, ye disciples ofGrotius, of Wheaton and Vattel! It is the sameman who, in the famous (I mean infamous) Out endManifesto, openly advocated the robbery of Cubafrom Spain, provided that robbery were deemed bythe United States essential to their interests! Hewould break all laws, divine and human, nationaland international, to steal territory, but he wouldnot deviate from the code—no, not "in the estimationof a hair"—to save thirty millions of his fellow-citizensfrom the peril of anarchy and civil war!But we ask no use of unlawful authority. Not onlyare you fully invested with authority to punish traitors,but you have solemnly sworn that you will doso. When, unhappily for yourself, your country,and the cause of liberty throughout the world, youwere raised to the Presidency of these United States,you took this oath:—  "I do solemnly swear that I will faithfully executethe office of President of the United States, and will,to the best of my ability, preserve, protect and defendthe Constitution of the United States." A pretty defender, forsooth, you proved yourselfto be on the only—or, certainly, the most important—occasion which has ever called for your active interposition!Do you ask for your warrant to repressthe Rebellion which is now raging in SouthCarolina? Here it is, in language clear as a sunbeam:— "The President shall be Commander-in-Chief ofthe Army and Navy of the United States, and ofthe Militia of the several States, when called into theactual Service of the United States."—Constit UnitedStates, Art. II., Sec. 2. Therefore, he has power to call upon the Armyand Navy of the United States, the Militia of eachState, and every man in every State, to aid him inpunishing offences against the United States. What is the intended offence of South Carolina,and perhaps of other States? Treason—accordingto the explicit definition of the Constitution of theUnited States:— "Art 3, Sec. 3. Treason against the United Statesshall consist only in levying War against them, or inadhering to their enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort,"&C. Now is it not certain that "TREASON AGAINST theUNITED STATES i.e., that LEAVING WAR AGAINSTthe UNITED STATES, has occurred in South Carolina,and that traitors are openly enlisted to resistthe laws of the United States? And is it notequally certain that it is the duty of the Presidentof the United States (who is now leaving a fewhundred of his own soldiers to be murdered by amob!) to immediately despatch an armed force topunish every traitor in that State, or in any otherState? Do you tell us that it is for Congress to decidewhen the time has arrived to use force in suppressionof treason? I answer that the Constitutionand the Supreme Court at the United Statestell you otherwise:— REASON NITED TATES NITED TATES "Article I., Section VIII., Clause 15. To providefor calling forth the Militia, to execute the laws of theUnion, suppress insurrections and repel invasions." Judicial Construction.—"The act of 1795 which conferspowers on the President to call forth the Militia incertain exigencies is Constitutional; and the Presidentis the exclusive and final judge whether the exigencyhas arisen."—Martin v. Mott, 12 Wh. 19. Judicial Construction. Towle's Hist and Analysis at the Constit, pp. 128,129. Now, as you have already declared that traitorsin South Carolina are, or soon will be, in a state ofopen rebellion against the United States, it will notanswer to pretend that the exigency has not arisen.Never in the history of Rebellion was than a clearerease of duty,—never a more cowardly or criminalneglect of duty! And what is the consequences ofthe miserable submission to treason preached to usby the COMMANDER-IN CHIEF OF THE ARMY ANDNAVY OF THE UNITED STATES Other States—no, traitors in and representing other States—nowopenly avow their intention to "secede" from aGovernment which (and it is no marvel!) they despise;and traitors in, and representing New York,avow their intention to cot off the city of NewYork from the State of New York! Let Congressact, and that with vigor, and if our representativesfalter, for fear of not being able to find an executivearm to carry out the laws—if President andVice President refuse to obey the orders of Congresslawfully expressed—let as, in our hour ofperil, be cheered by the public declaration of theGeneral-in-Chief, hoary in the service of his country,that as the President of the United States hasabandoned the Constitution, and practically desertedhis post in the hour of trial, he, WINFIELDSCOTT, GENERAL-IN-CHIEF OF THE ARMY ANDNAVY OF THE UNITED STATES, stands ready, atthe bidding of Congress, to carry out the laws ofthe United States! For it will be seen that thewisdom of our Fathers provided for just such anemergency as that which is now upon us. SectionL, Article 2, of the Constitution, enacts that— OMMANDER-IN HIEF RMY AVY NITED TATES act INFIELD COTT ENERAL-IN HIEF RMY AVY NITED TATES "In case of the removal of the President from office,or of his Death, Resignation, or Inability to dischargethe Powers and duties of the said Office, the same shalldevolve on the Vice President, and Congress may, byLaw, provide for the case of the Removal, Death,Resignation, or INABILITY both of the President andVice President, declaring what Officer shall thenact as President, and such officer shall act accordingly,until the Disability be removed, or a President shallbe elected." Inability to dischargethe Powers and duties of the said Office NABILITY "INABILITY" to discharge the powers and dutiesof his office, the nominal President of the UnitedStates has already pleaded. Then let the Constitutionalremedy be at once applied. Let GeneralScott be clothed by Congress with authority to executethe laws, and punish treason and traitorswherever found in this Republic! NABILITY And as for you, unhappy old man! well had itbeen for your long-abused and now betrayed country,that you had never been born, or had remainedin peaceful obscurity, engaged in the unostentatiousdischarge of those humble duties for which alone youare fitted! But obscurity, alas! can never more beyours! Should the United States now perish, byyour treachery, be assured that when the history ofthis once glorious Confederacy shall be written—thisonce happy Republic, the blessings of which weredesigned by our fathers for us, for our children, andour children's children,—it shall be told to thosechildren—perhaps distracted by anarchy, or manacledby despotism—that when the citadel of ConstitutionalLiberty was intrusted to your care, you, onthe first approach of danger, not only deserted yourpost, but bound your country hand and foot, andbasely delivered it to its enemies! Think not, unhappy old man, "to escape the justjudgment of God," the indignation of the world, thescorn and loathing of posterity! Surely, if any sufferersince the hour of bitterness of the first fratricidecan take up his lamentation, you may well exclaimwith him, even as regards this world only,"My punishment is greater than I can bear!" his you But, oh, the "something after death"! The meetingwith the shades of the great Apostles of Liberty,who founded and cemented with their blood andtears, the Republic which you are about to permit toperish before your eyes! How will you meet theawful gaze, the dread reproach, of Washington, ofFranklin, of Hamilton, of Jefferson, of Jackson,when the story of your shame, and the destructionof your country's liberties, shall be rehearsed in thesolemn convocation of the departed! How can youanticipate the damning record of history:— AFTER EIGHTY YEARS OF PROSPERITY ACHIEVEDby the LABORS, the SUFFERINGS and the BLOOD ofTHOUSANDS, the AMERICAN REPUBLIC fell, withouta blow, through the cowardice and treachery of itsfifteenth President, James Buchanan! Let it notbe added—"and through the criminal supineness ofthe thirty-sixth Congress!" FTER MERICAN EPUBLIC withouta blow ANDREW JACKSON. 
