 Extract from the Valedictory Address of Hon. N.P. BANKS, late Governor of Massachusetts, deliveredbefore both branches of the Legislature, January3d, 1861:— Being the first year of my administration, Irecommended to the Legislature the revision of theAct for the Protection of Personal Liberty, by theappeal of some of its objectionable features. I limitedmy objections to such provisions as imposed seriousdisabilities upon the citizens of the Commonwealth,in derogation of their rights and its duties tothem. The amendments I suggested relieved our owncitizens, who in the pursuit of their own lawful pursuits,or under the orders of the government itself,might contravene its provisions, and subjects themselvesexpensive prosecutions, or dishonorable dischargefrom public service. It was all I was themable to obtain from the Legislature. Since thisperiod, the pendency of legislation in harmony withthe original law has prevented recurrence to thissubject.  The important events of the time nowimperatively demand consideration of thestatute. Legal advice is sometimes sought for the purposeof ascertaining to what extent prosecutions can beavoided or impeachment prevented, rather than thediscovery of what is just and right. Adopting rulesof construction which would govern States standingin jealous or hostile attitude, this Act, as it nowstands, although operating in an untiringly spiritagainst one of the laws of the United States, andpressing the rights of the Sates to the extremest limitsmight be said not altogether to transcend thepowers of the Legislature. But there is one provisionof habeas corpus Act which cannot, within anyreasonable rules of construction, be so regarded. Iafter to the sections relating to, and regulating, thetrail by Jury. by The Constitution of the United States declaresthat "the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shallnot be suspended, unless when in cases of rebellionor invasion of the public safety may require it." It isa writ, therefore, to which resort may be had in allcases. Constitution habeas corpus There are offences, for the punishment of whichprovision is made In State and Federal governments,and, in such cases, whenever any person is broughtbefore the courts of this State, it is the province ofthe court to recognize the jurisdiction of that governmenthaving the offender in its possession bypriority of arrest or prosecution; but where the processstatute and jurisdiction is exclusively in eithergovernment, the other must surrender any claim tocontrol the procedure or quality the final judgment. By the Constitution of the United States: "Noperson held to service or labor in one State, underthe laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in consequenceof any law or regulation therein, be dischargedfrom such service or labor, but shall be deliveredup on claim of the party to whom such laboror service may be due. The Legislature ill' this State has not attemptedby legal enactment to give effect to this constitutionalprovision.  It is true, that the statute authorizingthe write of Personal Replevin provides, that in proceedingsunder such a writ, if it appears "that thedefendant is entitled to the custody of the plaintiffas his child, ward, servant, apprentice, or otherwise,he shall have judgment for a re-delivery of the body,to be held and disposed of according to law." But this statute was not intended to carry intoexectuion the constitutional provisions for the renditionof fugitive slaves, neither would it be admittedthat the courts to which such writ should be returnablewould be required to return a fugitive; slave tothe person to whom his labor or service might bedue.  Such a disposition would not be "accordingto law" of this State. We have, therefore, nostatute law to give effect to this provision of the Constitution,and we cannot under our own legislationeven claim, as in some other eases, a common jurisdictionto be determined by precedence of arrest orother cause. The supreme Court of the United States has decidedthat the power of legislation upon this subjectis exclusively in Congress It declares that theclaims of the Constitution contemplates the existenceof "a positive, unqualified right on the part of theowern of the slave, which no State law or regulationcan in any way qualify, regulate, control or restrain." This opinion was pronounced for the Court by Mr.Justice Story; it has been approved by the Legislatureof this State, and confirmed by its Supreme JudicialCourt.  Congress has exercised the exclusivepower claimed for it, and itmust be admitted thatits enactment upon the subject of fugitives from serviceor labor cannot be annulled, restricted, or controlledby State legislation. I ask then, Senators and Representatives, to lookat the operation of the sections of the chapter of theGeneral Statutes, relating to the writ of habeas corpus,to which I have referred. habeas In the first place. the infer to fugitive slaves. Nopresumption shall arise in behalf of the claimant, itis said, "from proof that the alleged fugitive, or anyof his ancestors, had been actually held as a slave,without proof that such holding was legal." (§ 21.) When it appears by the return of the officer, orotherwise, that the person, whose restraint or imprisonmentis in question, is claimed to be held to service orlabor in another State, and to have escaped from suchservice or labor, the court or justice shall, on the applicationof any party to the proceeding, order a trialby jury, as to any facts stated in the return of the officeror alleged, and may admit and person to bail in a sumnot exceeding two thousand dollars." (§ 19.) or as to any facts stated in the return of the officer If one jury disagrees, the issue may be submittedis another jury, or continued to the next term." (§ 20.) In every case of disagreement, another jury maybe summoned and qualified "forthwith, or at a futureday."  (20.)  The court or justice is authorizedto admit the person whose service or labor claimed,to bail.  (19.)  The jury is authorized to decide"as to any facts stated in the return of the officer oralleged."  The words "or alleged" must be understoodto mean, alleged by any party to the proceeding;for the jury may be demanded by either party.The construction of a law for the protection of personalliberty should be in favor of personal liberty.No construction of statute which defeats its obviousends, can be authorized or just when a different constructionequally accordant with the words and sense.will enforce and protect them. The proceedingopens to the jury every question involved in the generalissue, even to the "proof that the alleged fugitiveor any of his ancestors was or had been held asa slave, and that such holding was legal; and thejury, by special provision, is invested with the powerof juries in criminal cases, to decide both the lawand the fact." futureday."   It may be that case may arise to which these provisionsmay be constitutionally applied, but it doesnot seem to me that it can be held, in any view, notto interfere with and control the course of procedure,under a constitutional provision and statute whichthe Supreme Court of our own State, and that ofthe United States, hold to be exclusively in the powerof Congress. It is not my purpose to defend the constitutionalityof the Fugitive Slave Act. The omission of aprovision for jury trial, however harsh and cruel,cannot, in any event, be supplied by State legislation. While I am constrained to doubt the right of thisState to enact such laws, I do not admit that in anyjust sense it is a violation of the national compact.It is only when unconstitutional legislation is enforcedby executive authority, that it assumes thatcharacter, and no such result has occurred in thisState. No State on the Continent has been more faithfulto her constitutional duties as a government, and especiallyunder the Fugitive Slave Act. Her judicialtribunals and her Legislatures have acquiesced inand confirmed the decisions of the Supreme Court ofthe United States, in the case to which I have referred. Her highest court has enforced the law of Congresspassed in pursuance of that decision, unnaturaland unjust as some of its provisions seem to be. Shehas upheld the decisions of her own courts, recognizedthe degrees of the magistrates of the UnitedStates, and the rights of claimants of other States,which deny to our citizens their lawful rights. Shehas sustained them all by the strong arm of executivepower, though the struggle has chilled her warmand generous heart. She has honored, indiscriminatelywith other citizens, those who at the bar enforcedthe rights of claimants, or as soldiers protectedthem in the possession of property to which they hadlegal rights, but no power to hold. It is true thatshe has not thought it expedient that important officesin the State and national governments shouldshe filled by the same man at the same time, and Icannot but approve her wisdom. Not only the courts, but juries, have given unimpeachableevidence of their devotion to the law.When the master of a vessel kidnapped a coloredman in one of the maritime counties, and sent him,without authority, precept, or officer, into slavery, sotenacious was a Massachusetts jury of the rights ofparties, and so true to their duty as men, that underthe instructions of a Judge whom I thought worthyof the highest judicial commission, they acquittedthe offender, upon the technical plea that the crimewas not committed in the same county where thecause was tried, seeking to put upon the files of thecourt a verdict that the accused was "not guilty, bywant of jurisdiction." not guilty It is doubtless true that violence and crime havesometimes attended the performance of these harshduties. It is equally true, that the same manifestationsattend, at times, the execution of our own laws,by our own officers. It became my duty to recommend to the legislatureof 1859, the modification of the law of 1858,relating to the high crime of murder, so far as to includethe murder of an officer in the discharge ofhis duty, by express enumeration, in the class of murdersof the first degree, and I understand the Attorney-Generalrenews the recommendation in his reportthe present year. It is not remarkable that asingle officer of the government of the United Statesshould incur the dangers that surround our own. Itwas in consequence of these crimes, occurring in theexecution of National and State legislation, that thechange in the criminal code was suggested. I donot hesitate to say, that as a government, in everysense, Massachusetts has been faithful to her constitutionalduties. It is because she has been thus faithful, that I desireto see her legislation in harmony with her acts.It is because I do not like to see her Representativesin Congress, and her sons everywhere, put upon thedefensive, when they have just cause to be proudof her acts; it is because, in the face of her justclaims to high honor, I do not love to hear unjust reproachescast upon her fame, that I say, as I do, inthe presence of God, and with a heart filled with theresponsibilities that must rest upon every Americancitizen in these distempered times, I cannot but regardthe maintenance of a statute, whether constitutionalor not, which is so unnecessary to the publicservice, and so detrimental to the public peace, asan inexcusable public wrong. I hope by commonconsent it may be removed from the statute book,and such guarantees as constitutional freedom demands,be sought in new legislation. It is said, I know with some reason, that no changewould satisfy men engaged in treason and rebellion.We ought to remember, however, that South Carolinapresents this class of laws in her counterfeitedDeclaration of Independence, as the first greatwrong her people have suffered, and that removalwill obviate her first cause of complaint which ismade the basic of every other substantive grievance. It is said also, that the time is not propitious, thatit does not Income Massachusetts to act under threats.Every State maintains its own dignity by doing whatis right. A State that under threats of coerciondoes what is wrong, does not greatly suffer in comparisonwith another, that under similar plea, refusesto do what is right; there is a difference in process,but the difference in results is not worth contest.Besides, this is not an accepted American doctrine. When France refused to pay an indemnity securedto us by treaty, under the pretence that she had beenthreatened with war by a President of the UnitedStates, her excuse was not received as a sufficientexplanation. The President threatened her again.Congress supported his declarations by a war appropriation,and England, as arbitrator, compelledFrance to fulfill her treaty stipulations. In fact, thecomity of States furnished no good reason for notdoing what is right; and rulers are permitted lessthan others to swerve under the influence of bribesor menaces from the direct and exact line of right. The topic presents considerations of policy alsoThe difficulty in government, as in life, is to ascertainwhat is right It is easier to follow the line ofright, than it is to divine it, as wisdom is a higherquality than courage; and the world is full of proofsthat an obstinate adherence to that which is impracticable,indefensible and immaterial, often compelsthe truest and boldest men to surrender that whichis just in itself and vital to their cause. Our experiencein this regard will not differ from that of othermen. 
