 Referring to the Anti-Slavery discourses from thepulpit, Fast Day, the brawn-faced editor of the BostonPost says:— Post Party had its say, also, in the pulpit. It was theparty of extremists. They, instead of looking uponthe Constitution and Union as of the Providence ofGod, as did Washington and the Fathers, look uponit as a covenant with hell; and so, in lieu of invokingthe God of the Fathers, they paid their vows tothe Abolition god; and a few pulpits rung out, asusual, with partisan and now disloyal anathemas onthe South, on slaveholders and slavery. Such fanaticincantations to the Baal of Exeter Hall, insteadof exciting a devotional turn, maddened bearersup to the hissing point Good God! what arethese clerical partisans made of? Is there not horrorenough on the land? Must it also drink the cupof servile war? Must they prattle forever aboutthings of country, which they do not understand,like so many children? Do they reflect on whatan Abolition war would be? Can't they comprehendat least the situation of such States as Maryland,Virginia, Kentucky, and Missouri? the momentousconsequence they are in the stake at issue?How can they keep up the partisanship that warson the constitutional rights of the righteous, loyalmen of these States, and justify it by an appeal tothe higher law? Does not patriotism in those Statesrise to the sublime? How can these partisans invokefire and sword on their bones? What a perversityof duty! When State legislature upon Statelegislature, Congress, the Cabinet and the President,are giving the most solemn assurances that the waris not to subvert the social institutions of the slaveholdingStates, it is astonishing that even fanaticismcan be to rabid as to inflame the public by urgingold worn-out party appeals. God inform, correctand convert these party men! They know not whatthey do, no more than did Saul when he stoned theprophets. But the indignation that we have heard expressedagainst these utterances of the party of the extremistsshows that the love of the common country,which in all ages has been placed next to the loveof God, is about to assert the same supremacy overthe ministerial demagogue that it has over the tenderestfamily tie. This feeling shows unmistakablythe drifting of the current, and it is against all parties.It may be affirmed with more confidence thanever, that tried by the severe test of politicalsermonizing, Massachusetts is more against a partisanspirit and nearer the national days of her revolutionarypatriots than she has been since the gloriousera of Independence; that there is more unanimityin standing by the Constitution and the Governmentthan there was in ordaining it; and thatall disloyalty to it, whether it conies from the partyof Abolitionism on the one side, or of the party ofSecessionism on the other, is frowned upon by thegood sense of the community. 
