 In the name of common sense, are we not underthe Government of Law, and not of MEN? Is itpossible for one man, be he who he may, to makeand unmake the law? Has Gen. Fremont any morepower to decree the emancipation of slaves thanGen. Snooks? EN And yet the Abolition press, which set up the ideathat this proclamation was the most important eventof the war, now howl at the President far Modifyingit, like so many howling wolves. Take as a sample,the Chicago Tribune. It represents the feeling inChicago on reading the President's order, as "oneof blank astonishment and dismay." "No Sunday,in our recollection, has been so broken by generalindignation and rage. The expression was a commonone among Democrats and Republicans, thatBull Run was not a circumstance compared with thisdeplorable mistake." And it called for a publicmeeting to petition the Government to "adopt GeneralFremont's policy!" Now the Chicago Timespronounces this statement as to a general indignation,as falsehood. No doubt there was gnashing ofteeth, but it is the same tiger teeth that nave beengnawing at the Constitution, alleging its being acovenant with hell, for years. It is precisely becauseshe believes the Government means to be true to theConstitution, as well as to the Union, that Kentuckyis where she is to-day, by the side of the President,with sword in band to uphold the standard of thelaw, of Republican law, other own local law as wellas the organic law of the nation. Tribune. Times This is the grand position of Kentucky. In whatdoes it differ from the position of the President?When and where has he pledged himself to war onthe constitutional rights of people or States? Doesnot his fifteenth of April proclamation contain, interms, an explicit pledge of protection to theirrights? Does this promise emancipation of slaves?The President, in officially declaring General Fremont'sloosely worded proclamation to be under thelaws of the land, discharged but his duty. SuchAbolition railers at the President as the ChicagoTribune deserve unsparing condemnation. Theirappeal from the constituted authorities of the landto the policy of Gen. Fremont is traitorous; and themovements of those who dare to make it deserve tobe watched with the same keenness as those arewatched who bring up at Fort Lafayette.—BostonPost. Tribune BostonPost. 
