 Extract from a very able Dinsource delivered at Peterboro',N.Y., Sept. 22d, 1861, by GARRETT SMITH,and published in full la the N.T. Tribune, Sept. 28:— ARRETT MITH Tribune Of all that hat occurred to inspire me with theapprehension that the President's habit of worshipping the Constitution and Slavery will never bebroken, and that our country may therefore perishhis recent treatment of Gen. Fremont is chief. TheProclamation not forth by that brave and judiciousman had awakened, all over the North, the hopethat the policy of saving the Constitution andSlavery, at the hazard of losing the country, was atlast entirely abandoned. But the President has laidhis hand upon the Proclamation, and blasted all thehope it had awakened. Here again he has invitedthe remonstrance: "Thou lovest thine enemies, andhatest thy friends.'' Let me say of the Proclamation,that if it is wrong, it is so solely because theexigencies of war did not call for it. To say, as thePresident does, that it is wrong because it does notcorrespond with a certain law of Congress is simplyridiculous—disgraceful to himself, and to the countrywhich has called him into his high office. Amid suchexigencies Commanders are not to look to Congressfor law. They "are a law unto themselves." Leastof all are they to look to such a poor, cowardly, contemptible,absurd law as is this, which the Presidentthrusts in the face of Fremont, and bids him obey.The President was reluctant to sign this law, becauseit bore so hard upon the rebels. Whereas, he shouldhave refused to sign it, because it bore no harder.What a law was this to enact when the enemy wasat our gates!—a law providing that we might takea very little of the enemy's property, and leavingthe whole balance to be used by him for prosecutingthe war against us! What is more clear than thatboth Congress and the President are still under thespell of Slavery, and still bound up in their educatedservility to it, and still far from being entirely inearnest in the work of saving their country! Isometimes am tempted to wish that I were not anAbolitionist—that so I might be heard—for yetawhile an Abolitionist cannot, must not be heard.My soul is sick of the shams of this war. My indignationis impatient to break forth in the presence ofpopular assemblies. But on the whole, I am contentto be an Abolitionist, and to belong to that classwhich, say what yea will against it, will never furnishan insists for Fort Lafayette, nor for any otherprison for traitors. No, never one of this class willbe so much as suspected of sympathy with the rebels.I do not forgot that the Abolitionists are esteemed tobe fools. But give me earnest folly in preference toheartless wisdom. One reason why Abolitionists are, as Abolitionists,saying so little is, that, until the country is up to thelow point of saving itself, it is vain to ask it to savethe slave. When a man is drunk, we do not speakto him of Christianity. We wait until he gets sober.When be is insane, we postpone speaking to him ofwhat sanity alone can comprehend. Until our countryshall have so far come to herself as to be willingto defend herself by every weapon within her reach,and to reduce the power of her enemy in every possibleway, she will so quite too low to be reached byAbolition truth. That truth will be to bar but as"pearls before swine." We will talk to no man forthe slave, who is himself so enslaved to his prejudices,or so tender of the guilty interest of his foe,as to refuse to be saved at the expense of offendingthose prejudices, or of damaging those interests.Our first work with that man if to core him of hisidiocy or insanity. The course for the President to pursue towardGen. Fremont was a plain one. 1. If he had confidencein the General's judgment, he should haveleft him to its free exercise, instead of exciting doubtsof its soundness, and thereby impairing his prestigeand influence. A schoolmaster, correcting the writtenpage of his pupil, illustrates the attitude to whichthe President has degraded Fremont in the eyes ofthe country and its enemy. No thanks to the Presidentif, either in council or battle, Fremont shallstill be able to have himself respected as every commanderneeds be respected. 2. If the Presidentwere so conceited as to believe that be, sitting inWashington, knew more of the wants of Missourithan did Fremont, who was acting in Missouri, thenbe should have recalled him, and supplied his placewith one in whose wisdom he had more confidence.But I have no doubt that all the differences in thisease between the President and Fremont are resolvableinto the single difference, that while the onedoss, like a wise man, hold to the Commander's absoluteright, in certain circumstances, to dispose, athis mere discretion, of say or all the property of thefoe, the other, sadly perverted by his pro-slaverytraining—if not, indeed, ruinously so both for himselfand country—still persists in qualifying thisright. It is for the country to decide between them.If it goes with Fremont at this point, it is saved;but if with the President, it is lost. It is idle todeny that this is the real difference, and that thecomes of it on the part of the President is regard forslaveholding interests. If he was so slow to consentthat oven Congress should provide for the confiscationof even so small a part of the possession of theRebels, how strongly must he have been opposed tosweeping them all away—-and that, too, by also muchhumbler authority! Again, if the President musttake exception to the Proclamation, why was it notto that part which orders the sure and summaryshooting? Simply because that is not the partwhich disturbs has long and deeply-cherished seamof the sacredness of slave property. His concern isfor such property—not for life. The Presidentseizes citizens even in the free States, and imprisonsthem without publicly preferring say charges againstthem. He suspends the habcus corpus, even wheremartial law is not declared. All tine he docs withoutcaring to have any cover of law for it. And inall this I admit that he is right, emphatically rightBut Slavery he holds is too sacred to be touched butin the name of law! Nay, he can hardly be Droughtto sign a law for touching is, even very tenderly!For God's sake, and man's sake, do I my—out withthis pro-slavery education! habcus corpus I said tha the country is the umpire between thePresident and Fremont. It has already shown itselfto be on the side of Fremont Bach as the NewYork State Democratic committee praise the President;and in having the glory of each, he verify hashis reward. I see with amusement and narrow thatMr. Helt, of Kentucky, is on the side of the President.Knowing his fine talents, and his declarationsin favor of "no compromise" with the rebels. Ishould once have been glad to see him in the Cabinet.But I beg to know what is compromising withthem, if exempting a part of their property fromour grasp is not. Nay, I deny (and, earth over, thecourt of common sense will sustain my denial) thatthe President and Mr. Helt are to be regarded asfavoring the most earnest presentation of the war, solong as they will leave to the foe the property heneeds for furnishing himself food, clothing, or othermeans of subsistence, be this property plows, horsed,or anything else which he claims and uses as property.That Mr. Holt's soul is not yet wrought up intosuch prosecution of the war in manifest from his callingthe disposal of the salves of the Rebels a "delicateand perplexing question." I trusted that hehad, by this time, got very far beyond that milestone—very far beyond feeling delicacy or perplexityin depriving the rebels of any of their propertyor power. I trusted, in a word, that he was thistime for war, without any qualifications of reservations. Mr. Holt illustrates in himself the mistake of hopingthat men, brought op under the befogging andbefooling influences of Slavery, can ever be good foranything as statesmen or lawyers on questions connected'with Slavery. Mr. Holt does not admit thatthe slaves, which our Government takes from theRebels, do thereby become necessarily free. On thecontrary, be manifestly believes that it will be for"the Courts of the United States or subsequentlegislation" to decide whether they are free, orwhether they have bat shifted owners. Such is hisview of the Constitution, that Government can becomea great slave-owner under it—having millionsof slaves to hire out or to sell! The bare statement of Mr. Holt's position itenough to show its absurdity. Not only is it true(and this Mr. Holt will himself admit) that thechange which the President's fingers (not Fremont'sunsoiled fingers) put into the Proclamation has noretroactive power, and that, therefore, the slaveswhom he freed are forever free; but it is also truethat the slaves, who under the changed Proclamationor under the law of Congress referred to, shall passinto the hands of Government, will also be foreverfree—at the most, men being slaves under State law—never after they have passed under Federal law.For if it is held that it is the office of Federal lawto enforce State law in certain circumstances againstslaves, nevertheless, it is not held that Federal lawextends to the making of slaves. Being but auxiliaryto the State law, the Federal law can no longerhave to do with the case, after the State law has foreverceased to operate in it In other words, theFederal law has no independent or original actionin the case. In still other words, when the slavehas escaped from the clutches of the State law, hehas escaped from the clutches of Slavery. But itmay be said that our own State did, in the Revolutionarywar, continue to hold in Slavery the slaveswhom it took from the rebels. It did—though it soonacknowledged their manhood, But the conclusiveanswer is—that, in that case, the slaves did not pass,as in this case, under one law from another. Theyremained under the same law. They changed ownerswithout changing laws. And Mr. Holt says that Gen. Fremont's Proclamation"violates the law of Congress." But just aswell might be say that it violates a law of the BritishParliament. For, in deciding what the exigenciesof war called for at his hands, Gen. Fremontwas no more to be guided by a law of Congress thanby a law of Parliament. Those exigencies and hispower to meet them belonged to a sphere where thecivil law was silent But it is hardly fair to singleout Mr. Holt for censure. He is only chiming inwith the Administration policy of tying up the warpower with Constitutions, statutes, and red tape.What a laughing-stock throughout the world doesthis war make of American wisdom! It is only,however, from what Slavery has done to us that ourwisdom is at so great a discount In other words, itis Slavery only that has made as took. Take anyother people, and compel them to sustain Slavery,and to be mixed up with it—and they will be asgreat foots as we are. By nature we are at brightas others. And, indeed, we are still bright in allthose things where Slavery does not control and confuseus. 
