 The difference between Fremont and the Presi-dentis simply one of construction of an Act ofCongress. Whether the General or the Presidentis right in regard to the literal meaning of thestatute of confiscation, it is obvious that Fremont'sis the mast popular and practical view. The differenceis well staled by the Worcester Prelladiumas follows:— "Gen. Fremont interprets the law to mean theemancipation of the slaves of rebels; while the Presidentconstrues is to mean simply the forfeiture ofthe slaves. Fremont takes whatever the rebels holdas property, and confiscates it for the Government.In the revolted States, slaves are bought, hold, andsold, the same as any other property; and whateverrebel property the Government can take, hold, andconvey, Gen. Fremont appropriates to the am ofthe Government after confiscation. But slaves,although recognized as property in the rebel States,are not what the Government can rightfully take,hold, and convey. He must take them; But whatshall he do with them? He cannot hold or conveythem, for the reason that the moment they pass outof the ownership of the rebel masters, and into hiscustody of the General Government, they cause tohave value, and cannot be disposed of as property.Confiscated property in of value to the Government;but when it has no value for use or for sale, whatcan the Government do with it but throw it aside asworthless? That is all that Gen. Fremont has done,or proposes to do, with the slaves of rebels—dispose ofthem as valueless to the Government, and leavethem to take care of themselves. Manifestly, thiswould be a plain and palpable duty of Gen. Fremont,even if no confiscation act had ever been putted.A commander must cripple his enemy by divertinghim of whatever he has that can be employed bythe enemy against the Government. It would beGen. Fremont's duty toset free the slaves of allrebels taken in rebellion, even if no confiscation acthad ever been passed; and it is none the less hisduty under the clumsy statute of the late session ofCongress. Therefore, in any light in which we canlook upon the matter, the administration has as littleground for complaint against Gen. Fremont, as itwould have if his army should appropriate to itsown use such articles as it finds of value on a rebel'splantation, and fling away what it could not use. Itis hoped that our Government is not going to investslavery with a character so sacred that it cannot betouched by the rules of war. This is a slaveholder'srebellion, and they who have 'sown the whirlwind'should be slowed to take the consequences of theirown acts." emancipation forfeiture as property. That is all that Gen. Fremont has done,or proposes to do, with the slaves of rebels even if no confiscation act had ever been putted. set free fling away what it could not use. 
