 Can any patriot read the rhodomontade of thisclassic fanatic at the Worcester Convention, withouta sense of pain, nausea and disgust? He certainlyought to be put in a strait-jacket for talking about"our present triumphs—the ample occasion for joy inthe victory already won, which we may especially enjoyon this occasion." What blatant nonsense! Whereis he going to erect the "pillars of Hercules to markthe progress"—at Bull Run or Lexington? He rejoicesthat all party divisions have ceased, and they(the Republicans) are going to make "Spanish infantry"and ":Numidian horse" of the Democratsand Union men, and come the Hannibal over theSouthern rebellion!! He thinks we are now "squanderinglife and treasure in a vain masquerade"—whodoes he mean, Fremont? "The overthrow of slaverywill at once mate an end of the war." We mustcarry "Africa into the war, and cure the diseaseby emancipation! Blue pills applied externally, Isuppose, or black draught elected classically throughan Abolition syringe!! He better catch "Agag"or "Beheaded" first, before he talks about hewingthem to pieces. The heels of old Achilles were probablynot as long as those of some of our modern Senators.He does not inform us whether Philip ofMacedon had rifled artillery, minnie rifles, revolversand bowie-knives, or whether Caius Marius encounteredany masked batteries on landing at Telamon.No doubt they were high old times, but King Cottonwas not born, and Johnny Bull was not playingneutral around the corner. Caius Marius mighthave met the fate of old John Brown if he had livedin these days, and attempted to march into Dixiewith his "Marusia horse" and army of a "thousandmen" marching "on to Richmond!" Can't thisclassic nincompoop see any "unutterable woes, madnessor atrocities," except those connected with slavery?Is there no tyrannical usurpation except thatof the slave oligarchy? Freedom of speech andfreedom of the press nave been vindicated with avengeance lately! What does Jeff. Davis careabout the Constitution and the laws when he ispracticing martial law and self-defence, which Sumnersays are above the Constitution! Where is the"retreating fiend"? Suppose, Mr. Sumner, after wehave an empty treasury, sacrificed half a million oflives, and incurred a debt of two thousand millionsof dollars, slavery should come to an end, will theUnion be restored, and the black or white race beany happier or dwell in peace together? Does ancienthistory prove it? Instead of lacking to ancienthistory for guidance and inspiration, you hadbetter read the Firewall Address of our present triumphs—the ample occasion for joy inthe victory already won, which we may especially enjoyon this occasion. pillars of Hercules to markthe progress Hannibal squanderinglife and treasure in a vain masquerade will at once mate an end of the war. high old times thousandmen on to Richmond unutterable woes, madnessor atrocities, —Boston Post. WASHINGTON. Boston Post. 
