 A war of emancipation, if it were a moral war,that would seek the emancipation of the slaves oftins country, when it would be for the good of all,and by such means as all would be justified in using,would be to our minds. We have been engaged init from our boyhood, and we hope we shall be tilldeath. But a war, a civil war, like that in whichwe are engaged to-day, for the liberation of Africanslaves, would be madness intolerable—folly and insanitysuch as the world never saw. Still, it cannotbe denied that very many who enter this war—nominally to sustain the Union and the Constitution—actually desire unconstitutionally, and by themost violent and bloody means, to overthrow slavery,when every man's reason must teach him thatemancipation by such means would be destructiveto whites and blacks alike; and if they cannot sopain emancipation, then they care nothing aboutthe Union or the Constitution. For four millions ofblacks to whom they are not allied by race, civilizationor destiny, and who would not be advanced bytheir action, they would jeopardize the rights, libertiesand interests of thirty millions of whites, andquench in blood the light and hope of the world, inthe destruction of the best government that Godever vouchsafed to man. We are more and moreconvinced of this wide-spread heresy by the commentsof the press on the proclamation of Fremont,and the President's letter relating thereto, and alsoby a perusal of the reports of sermons delivered onFast day, many of which were simple abolitionharangues which, reduced to the fewest words, wouldread thus: "Emancipation to be gained, or the wara farce." In keeping with this idea is a communicationfrom a citizen of this town, intelligent andhighly respectable, which we give to-day on ourfirst page. Extending to him the privilege of publication,which we never deny to any respectableparties in town, we still feel bound to dissent, absolutely,from his reasonings and conclusions. Slavery is a monstrous system of tyranny, in ourview, but not necessarily a cause of war. Indeed,in three-quarters of a century, while other matterscaused insurrections and rebellions in Massachusetts,Pennsylvania and South Carolina, slavery hasnot before been charged with creating war. It doesnot matter whether it is slavery, or religion, or tradethat is in dispute, if two sections of the country differupon it, and commence to abuse and proscribeeach other on account of it, they will finally cometo blows and bloodshed. Slavery had its existencebefore the Government, and in forming the Constitutionit secured certain rights and immunities; andwhatever that compact was, we should abide by it,not bating one jot or tittle of the bond. But, saythey, these men are traitors, and have forfeited allrights; lot us take their slaves, and set them free."If we were disposed to discuss this point, we shouldmy that, if living under the Constitution, the confiscationof private property for treason is forbidden.If the Constitution is suspended by the militarypower, then private property, except on thehigh seas, unless used in the war, is exempt fromseizure by the rules of war. And finally, if wewould not be governed by the Constitution or therules of war, we would leave slavery alone as anset of policy and an act of humanity—from love toourselves and our children, and in kindness to theslaves. Says the writer, my "heart fails within me, and Idon't care which side prevails, if the slaves are notset free." Then not by love of the Union, and ofour noble flag, the symbol of the Union; not byreverence for the Constitution, and the desire fornational greatness and happiness under the Constitution,as we have enjoyed them in the past, is hemoved, but to release from the control of their masters,four millions of barbarous blacks, without inquiringwhat we shall do with them, or they withthemselves, afterwards! This brings us down to thesimple theory of Lloyd Garrison. Now; when suchshall be the issue, we can tell him that many a man'sheart, now strong for the Government, will sinkwithin him; and when it is settled that the policyof Jeff. Davis or Lloyd Garrison mast prevail, millionsthere are who would not snap their finger toturn the scales. When emancipation is made theissue, Dr. Adams has truly said: "We have not begunto know what trouble is." They look for strengthin a decree of Abolition! What folly! It wouldbe followed by dissensions in council, tumult inarmies, emptiness of treasury, treason in States, andruin everywhere. There is only one ground uponwhich the States and people loyal to-day can bekept together through the war, and the country besaved; and that is in defence of the Union as itwas formed by our fathers, and of the Constitution,in marred and unmutilated. If in such a war God'sprovidence overthrows slavery, let it be so; but itis no more an object of the war than will be theshooting off some, man's nose, who will lose it by arifle bullet. Let us take hold, one and all, by swordand pen, by rifle and human voice, by vote andmoney, to carry on the war, till treason is subdued.If after that there are minor questions in dispute,whether they relate to the relation of husband andwife, parent and child, or master and servant, wewill consider them. Sufficient into the day is theevil thereof; and quite enough is it for us to providefor the white race, without going into anygreat humanity schemes for blacks; quite enough toattend to the well-being of America, without lookingafter Africa. One thing at a time, and letthem last the longer.—Newburyport Herald. We have not begunto know what trouble is. Newburyport Herald. All men can sustain the war so long as it is a warto maintain a legitimate Government; but a war toabolish slavery is a rebellion against the laws andthe Constitution as much as that in which Jeff. Davisis engaged; and when it comes to be such a war,the movers will have no right to complain if it breedsrebellion in the North, and they are fools if theythink it will result in aught else than chaos and ruin.We have a single object—to maintain a freeConstitutional Government, and for that object wecan be united, and we should be united on that, forgettingall political differences, and ceasing all politicalproscription, in every loyal State of the Union.—Ibid. Ibid. Charles Sumner's speech will be found on our firstpage to-day. We give it, not by way of approval,for it seems to us the worst speech that could bemade. Its only influence will be to distract and dividethe North, and raise up a faction here againstthe administration which has declared for an entirelydifferent policy; while at the South it will killwhat little Union sentiment remains, and rejoice therebel hosts, giving them better ammunition for theirtreason than powder would be,. What will Mr. Crittendenand Mr. Holt say to this in Kentucky?What will the Union men of Maryland, WesternVirginia and Missouri, who were scarcely able tostand up before, say to having such a load put upontheir shoulders? What will the conservation menof the North, who have supported the war with thesingle idea of defending the national unity—andwhat the bankers who have loaned money not foremancipation, but for the Constitution, any to thisappeal from one occupying such a position? Wedon't know how it appears to others, but it seems tous that if Jeff. Davis had liberty to send his ownagent here to do the worst for us, he could havedone nothing more. The war can be fought on no such grounds; andbefore it closes, we shall discover that fact. Wewere glad to see that the Convention refused to commititself to his schemes, and therefore tabled theresolutions of Mr. Freeman Clarke, which embodiedthe principles of the address. We wish our spacewould admit a fuller notice of Mr. Sumner's position;perhaps it will to-morrow.—Ibid. Ibid. Mr. Sumner, whose hatred of the white men ofthe South, not love of the negro, has done as muchas the conduct of any Southern rebel to involvethe nation in its present fearful calamity, wouldplunge it into still deeper horrors and distress by hisfanatical malignity, aided by such adjuncts as theextreme Abolitionist, the Rev. Mr. Clarke, and Mr.Bird, who was, but a year or two ago, attending aConvention at Worcester, called to devise ways forthe dissolution of the Union, and Mr. Moses Kimball,the Know Nothing leader and negro militiachampion. Men of their mental cast and incliningsare ready to sit at the feet of Mr. Sumner, and bowat his bidding; they are suited to the position.Such men may direct the current of popular opinionin Massachusetts for a time, but they cannot soenervate the perceptions of the voters of the Stateas to gain a permanent control of public affairs inthis Commonwealth. Many of those who havecooperated with them are already restive; evennow they utter rebuke in a manly and decided strain.The Daily Advertiser says:— "The Convention sought solely to forward therestoration of the Constitution and the Union; it hadno ulterior objects, no purpose to make this work thecloak under which to carry out other designs, no wishto re-open the slavery question in a more terribleshape than ever before. The Convention looked witha single eye to the performance of the duties of thehour,—duties in which all patriots can join, and theaccomplishment of which will restore to us a nationalframe-work, the complete and final symmetry ofwhich they were willing to leave, without violent andunlawful action of their own, to the ultimate Providenceof God. The Convention did not, in fine,either approve the objects or sanction the views whichMr. Sumner laid before it, in a speech which is equallyto be condemned, whether regarded as abstract politicaldoctrine, or as laying down a practical policyfor the present crisis. Those are not the objects andviews of Massachusetts Republicanism, nor of MassachusettsUnionism,—nor were they the views andobjects of the Convention. The latter, indeed, bythe character of its resolutions and of its nominations,and by its dismissal of other resolutions, introducedimmediately after Mr. Sumner closed, and apparentlyintended to test the accordance of the Conventionwith his views,—plainly manifested its aversionto the path which he was willing to tread. TheConvention sought to unite and not to distract thosewho have been invited to join in it" The Boston Journal, upon the same subject, usesthis language:— Journal "The patriotic sentiments of the Convention arereflected in the resolutions, which are brief and patriotic,free from all coloring of past issues, and eminentlyappropriate to the present condition of thecountry. They reflect opinions which every loyaland patriotic citizen can indorse, and in their heartyand unequivocal support of the Government leavenothing to be desired. Nor was the conservatism andpatriotism of the Convention less conspicuous in therefusal to indorse the resolutions offered by Rev.James Freeman Clarke, approving the policy of makingthe war one of emancipation. Even the ill-timedeloquence of Mr. Sumner railed to move the Conventionto indorse a policy fraught with consequencesmore momentous than human foresight can penetrate.The sentiment of the Convention was pointedly infavor of prosecuting the war upon the basis of respectfor the Constitutional rights of the loyal slave States—of making it a war to restore the authority of theGovernment, and not for emancipation." This indicates a healthy tone of politics; a regardfor the supremacy of law, patriotism and commonsense over the subterfuge of party, the cant of fanaticism,and the bigotry of the charlatan.—Boston Post. Boston Post. 
