 Who can look back as far as three years and contemplatethe prestige of slavery as it then stood, ostensiblywith the moral support of the nation, in theattitude of constitutional supremacy, all its fasteningsclinched by long usage, and, we may say, sanctifiedby the impeding forms of religion, and thenlook on its present crumbling aspects, its "casemates"torn open, its walls level with the sea, andthe negro standing full armed under the nationalflag, a man and a soldier—who can contemplatethis marvellous change and say that the Presidentwould have done better to have done differently!We accept affairs as they are. Facts are more influentialthan theories. The bayonet, to-day, in thehands of the black slave of yesterday! There is agospel in the fact that cannot be improved by disputation. Slavery, technically and constitutionally, still existsin five of the old states. The action of the governmenthas not been to destroy it, but rather tostand by and see that no meddling hand has touchedits mortar. By inherent decomposition its mortarhas crumbled, and the stones that were the chiefof its comers are fallen apart. Technical and constitutionalslavery is an exploded shell; before itsfuse was ignited it was a terrific and fearful-instrument;but now its fragments lie around, harmlessand disregarded. Not a thousand Taneys can restoreits old shape. Not a thousand constitutions canrecompact it in its old body. Even political dogsare ceasing to fight over its bones. Slavery, economically and commercially, is asdead as an Egyptian mummy! We see, with morelaughter than astonishment, "atrocious judges" wrappingfold on fold of their intellectual cloth aroundthe black carcass, and smoothing and parting theirmanuscripts about it, as the priests of Sesostris didwith the disgusting bodies now encased in Barnum'sMuseum. But will that keep it or them out of theirdeath-niches? They will stand together longer, becausetypes are more enduring than pyramids. Labor,the fact is, as it now stands created by thefreedmen's hands, has killed all the theories of theslavery economists. How stands labor to-day? ThePresident of the United States is the overseer of thevast field of black muscle, commanding it to workwith his voice, defending it against oppression byhis arms, investing it with manhood by his edicts,and enlightening it with knowledge by his schools,He has given it a sword, to be henceforth the companionof the hoe. He says to the cotton of theslave-fields "wither," and to the negro "bloom;"and it is as he says. It was natural that the factory-owners of Manchestershould bowl their disappointment at the stoppageof their cotton market, which so long kept down atthe same time the moral sense of England andAmerica. But that point also is turned, never totrouble us again. The commercial prestige of slaveryin England is demolished. Her economists areexploring new fields for raising the fibre in Africa,as France is in Mexico, with whatever result, stillto the gain of free labor. With peace and orderrestored, the negro of the United States, having possessionof unequalled soil in his indigenous latitudes,and already master of the culture, will keep hismarket the first in the world. The genius of the"Yankee" will substitute machinery for hand-labor,good implements for bad, intelligence for stupidity,and the superiority of cotton to all other tissues willnot long be left without demonstration. That miserablesystem of forced labor which made it inevitablefor the South to fall into periodical bankruptcywill no longer hang about the neck of northern commerce,involving it in its own failure. Slavery stands at the doors of our national treasuryto be bought up!Shall we buy it? If so,and it shall appear in a few short months that thesellers of it are the richer for being rid of it, getmore produce from their lands, live more securelyand happily, enjoy more comforts and luxuries, forwhat shall we have taxed future generations withan oppressive debt? If we buy out slavery let ushave a lien on the trade. If the masters quadruplethe value on their lands which they have parted within selling their slaves, shall we still swell our nationaldebt—more properly their debt, by giving thema bonus of some hundreds of millions? But havewe not already paid the states of Missouri, Kentucky,Tennessee, Maryland arid Delaware, twice orthrice the value of their slaves in the cost of theirdefence against the rebellion? What then do weowe them? and if anything, what market rate?Are their negroes to be priced oh the market as itstood before the rebellion, or on the market now?What is the price of a "slave" on this 21st day ofNovember, 1863? Is there a "slave" in the UnitedStates de facto? No we have only men and soldiers,labor, wages, and markets, with the flag of libertywaving over them.—N.Y. Eve. Post. bought up! de facto? N.Y. Eve. Post. 
