 Gov. Gamble, in his excellent message, regards theordinance of emancipation in Missouri with muchfavor, and predicts that it will, in a brief period, accomplishthe great object of making Missouri aFree State. It is impossible to overstate the valueof this addition to the Free States, for Missouri, ofitself, has the resources of a nation, and it is the keyof the great Northwest, and the geographical centreof the Republic. The Governor does not recommendpolitical equality for the negro. The Knoxville Whig—Parson Brownlow's paper—comes out anew on the 11th instant, and it saysin reference to slavery:—"We will take the groundwhich experience and logic prove, and that is, thatit cannot longer maintain itself in the temperatezone after this rebellion-and that the African racewhen emancipated will disappear." It says, also, that"no greater mistake was ever made, than in supposingthe masses of the South really favor the institution.They are opposed to emancipation intheir midst, because of the repugnance of negroesto labor, and of the demoralized state of society thatmust follow." The Parson signs his name to thiseditorial address. His solution of the question ofthe disposal of the African is, at least, thorough, for,on his theory, when he is emancipated he "will disappear." that the African racewhen emancipated will disappear. demoralized state of society thatmust follow. At New Orleans, on the 5th inst., there was agreat mass meeting of the free colored inhabitantsat Economy Hall, for the purpose of petitioningGov. Shepley for the right of voting at the nextelection, which is pronounced one of the most importantand significant meetings which has evertaken place in that city, and because, to use wordsin a Republican journal, "it has opened the door tothe discussion of that vast and difficult question,what is the status of the colored man in Louisiana?"The meeting was orderly; the gradations of color,from black to white, so gradual that an expert couldnot tell, in many cases, whether a man belonged tothe Anglo-Saxon or African side of the fence.Capt. Pinchbeck, and U.S. colored officer, summedup the object of the meeting by saying that neitherhe nor his fellow-citizens had any favors to ask ofthe United States Government; they only demandedas a right that they should be allowed the suffrage.They were fighting our battles, and werewilling to fight them. They did not ask for Socialequality, and did not expect it, but they demandedpolitical rights. They wanted to be men. Hecared not for the past, but the future. He believedthat if colored people were citizens, they had a rightto vote; if they were not citizens, they were exemptfrom the draft." The gallant Captain evidentlyhas no notion of "disappearing" with hisrace, and in his next speech will be very likely tohave something to say in reference to Parson Brownlow'ssolution of the race question. The speeches at Gettysburg were calculated tofavor Capt. Pinchbeck's position rather than ParsonBrownlow's. Secretary Seward "was determinedto see slavery die by the fates of war;" and PresidentLincoln, saying that "eighty-seven years agoa new nation was conceived in liberty and dedicatedto the proposition that all men are createdfree and equal," vowed that this under Godshould have a new birth of freedom. This movementin New Orleans of colored citizens, who arefighting and demanding the" right of suffrage," mayserve for an occasion for the President to write apractical commentary on the phrase." a new birthof freedom." Meantime the question of race embarrasses theexchange of prisoners. "Up to this hour," theNew York Tribune of the 18th says, "the rebelshave never indicated their readiness to exchangethe colored soldiers or their white officers capturedin battle by them. Up to this hour, we have noknowledge that a single one of those officers or privateshas been exchanged or forwarded for exchangeby them. They are raising a dust to coverthis point, but they do not conceal it. And, untilit shall be settled we see no chance for exchanges."—Boston Post. Boston Post. 
