 The conservatives in Missouri have for some pastclaimed to be the peculiar friends of Mr. Lincolnand his administration; the radicals, they said, wereopposed to the government and its policy, and werenot to be trusted in the direction of affairs. In thelate senatorial contest these conservatives avowedthat they sought no other end than the election ofmen who would give the Administration a cordialsupport against all schemes whatever of "the radicaldisorganize." Weary of this incessant hobblingof the conservatives, the radicals determinedto test the sincerity of the professions so boisterouslymade, and accordingly on the 17th instant the followingresolution wax introduced in the House ofRepresentatives:— Resolved, By the House of Representatives, theSenate concurring therein, that General Order No.135, authorising the enlistment of all able-bodiednegroes, whether free or slave, meets with the cordialapprobation of this General Assembly, and weregret that its publication has been delayed until therecent election seemed to warrant that it wouldmeet with the general approval of all loyal men,and we would urge upon the general governmentthe propriety of establishing recruiting offices, especiallyin the Sixth, Eighth, and Ninth Congressionaldistricts, to aid in carrying out said order. A bombshell could not have occasioned a greatersensation than this harmless resolution. It hadscarcely been read when a score of conservativesleaped front their seats with objections. One movedto reject, another a call of the House, a third to layon the table, and so on through the whole gamut ofparliamentary devices. The "peculiar friends of theAdministration" shrunk from a practical, honest testof their professions. They were not in favor of thegovernment and its policy; their ostentatious pretencewas pricked in a moment, and the whole fabricfell limp and shrivelled to the ground. On avote to suspend the rules, fifty-nine members declaredin the affirmative; but this not being two-thirdsof the whole House, the resolution was laidover to come up some other time. Every memberwho voted against a suspension of the rules, in orderthat the resolution might be read a second time,voted a week ago for the copperhead candidates forthe United States Senate. All, doubtless, wouldvote to-morrow to restore slavery over every rod ofMissouri soil, and become themselves catchers ofslaves and patrons of traitors, if thereby the removalof the curse could be stayed. 
