 The following letter, which appeared in the DailyAdvertiser some days ago, was written, as we hear,by Rev. Dr. ELIOT, of St. Louis, one of the most"Conservative" of men, even according to the commondefinition of that much abused word. DailyAdvertiser LIOT EXTRACT FROM A LETTER FROM MISSOURI. St. Louis, Oct. 30, 1863. You cannot possibly make me a radical, except inthe most conservative style; but I can meet the exigenciesas they rise, and I cannot but think that inMissouri they are rising very fast, and that underthe President's new call and prospective draft (whichI strongly approve) a decided change of policy musttake place. As it now stands, the loyal citizens aresuffering the penalty of disloyalty, and non-slaveholdersare held to a tighter rule than slaveholdersor slaves. See how it stands. I have two boys, 22and 20 years old, well-educated, active, loyal. Theyare worth in money to me more than any slaves thatever (ived, and, if I die, they must support theirmother and younger brothers and sisters. I cannotfind it in my heart to advise them to volunteer, forthey are the life of my house; yet they talk of it,and I shall not say one word to discourage them.When the draft comes, as it must, if they are taken,they must go. Now, one of my neighbors has twoslaves, stout, stalwart men, valuable only as laborers,who would gladly volunteer. But the master isloyal, or goes for such, (his loyalty was at CampJackson!) and the men cannot be accepted. Whenthe draft comes they cannot be included. Are hisslaves better than my sons? radical money slaves Again, the quota from Missouri is based on Congressional representation; i.e., with three-fifths ofslave population. But the slaves are not drafted,and who is their Substitute but the white populationfrom whom the required number is drawn? Whyshould not the draft reach the slaves in a three-fifthsproportion? Is it as a premium on slavery? Someof our factories will be almost stopped by the drainon them: is the plantation more sacred? their Substitute Again, nearly one half of our white population,especially the slaveholders, have either become rebels,or are too notoriously disloyal to be trusted.Why should not their slaves be drafted, and whyshould their consent be asked, if they can manageto make a fair show of loyalty, before their slavescan be accepted. Why should the loyal men of theState have the burden thus doubled and made gallingto them? I contend that Government shouldnot recognize slavery under military law and in militaryexigency. The draft should reach slaves aswell as freemen, either under the two-thirds rule,because they are represented, or under the Divinerule, because they are men. And any able-bodiedman, slave or free, who wishes to enlist, shouldbe accepted thankfully, because his service is needed.No consent of the master should be required;but if loyalty is clearly proved, the bounty might bepaid to him, though of this I am not clear. It wouldbe perhaps the best way to settle the legal doubts:but I think the inducement of bounty should be offeredto the slave to encourage his enlistment.Where the loyal or semi-loyal master brings theslave as a substitute, I believe the bounty goes to themaster. What I mean is, that this discrimination inthe Border States, against free men and non-slaveholders,should cease, and, now that the policy of negroregiments has been accepted, that the rule ofenlistment should be made equal and just. Thepoint of compensation to loyal owners is of secondaryimportance, and under civil law may be nomore than justice requires. Under military law itmay property be granted, but the main thing is toget the men, and to give to all who are willing todo their part as soldiers, the opportunity of service. under military law accepted substitute against free men and non-slaveholders If I had any influence at Washington, I woulduse it to this end, and you may use what 1 havewritten in whatever way you please. Slavery as it now exists in Missouri is an unmixedevil, and the sooner it disappears from us the better.It is a most mistaken tenderness to do anything toprolong its days or to foster it into renewed life.Every attempt to do it lessens the loyalty of theState and prevents its recuperation from the crushingevils of civil war. Missouri has done wonderfullywell. I confidently believe that her steadfastnesshas been the salvation of the Union, for if shehad seceded, Kentucky would have followed, andthe "big job" would have been doubled, perhapsbeyond management. The reward we ask is to getrid of the incubus of slavery. 
