 The great work for this Congress to do is to laythe foundation for the new Union which is to followthis war. There will be a great number of lazy andbungling impracticables who will insist that thestructure shall be built upon the cracked stonesand with the charred timbers of the old edifice; nay,who will even protest against the injustice of notcalling in, as architects and master workmen, theincendiaries who have burned, and the robbers whohave plundered it. We look to Congress and thePresident for protection against the advice of theseincapables. If the President fails us, let Congressstand firm; if Congress falters, may the President'spurposes be strengthened. With the co-operationof both, we shall be safe, even though, for the sakeof peace and the carrying of the elections faithlessSecretaries are kept in the Cabinet until March1865. No Republican member of Congress needsto be advised as to specific measures. If any one ofthem lacks clearness of vision and of instinct, lethim inquire which side of the question the mass ofthe Republicans are on, and note how unanimouslythe Copperheads are insinuating their advice to gothe other way; and he will have no diffienlty insteering straightly, if he be an honest man. "Standby your friends," is a good motto for Congress-men.Weigh, not count, the votes which make up publicopinion; that is, if the numeration is apparentlyagainst the right. There can be no question thatthe moral and intellectual power of this country,which must eventually carry it over mere numbers,as overwhelmingly against any settlement of thegreat controversy which does not make certain the absoluteand total destruction of slavery. If this is notso, we must make it so. But it is so. Never didduly make a clearer appeal to citizen and public officer.No honest man of Republican principles candoubt it, and there will be no possible excuse fordisregarding the mandate. The contemptible pleaof the optimist that "slavery has received its deathblow,"and therefore he will not strike it, will notexcuse any man. As well might the sheriff standexcused for opening the prison doors to the condemnedmurderer, and pleading in extenuation that theculprit was so badly out of health, that a Life InsuranceCompany would not take a risk on him. Ifthe institution has got its death-blow, so much theeasier is it to kill it now. If it has not, let not Congressadjourn without giving it—-on its peril! Nomatter what the blow is given with. Military necessity,civil necessity, constitutional amendment,statute law, proclamation,—take the weapon that isat the same time the nearest and the most fatal, andabove all, don't quarrel as to which it shall be. Asheavy a blow may be struck with the flail of the farmeras with the sabre of the soldier.—Commonwealth. which does not make certain the absoluteand total destruction of slavery. let not Congressadjourn without giving it—-on its peril! Commonwealth. 
