 The following is a copy of a circular which haslately been sent to prominent men throughout theloyal States:— NEW YORK, Nov. 9, 1863. EW ORK Dear Sir.—You are respectfully invited to attenda Convention to be held at Cincinnati, Ohio, onthe 3rd day of December next, at 12 M., for thepurpose of consultation, and taking such action asmay be deemed most effective to secure the nominationand election of Conservative men in the approachingPresidential campaign. The meetingwill be composed of Old Line Whigs, War Democrats,Conservative men, without regard to formerparty predilections—friends of Jackson, Webster,Clay and Crittenden, who desire to preserve theUnion and the Constitution unimpaired—who arewilling to take their stand upon the Kentucky Platform,opposed alike to secession and abolition fanaticism—who believe that the war should be carriedon till those in armed revolt are compelled to obeythe Constitution and the laws of Congress, and whohold that the State Governments suspended by therevolt should be restored under their State Constitutionsrespectively. All such persons are invitedto be present. The meeting will be held under theauspices of the "National Conservative Union Committee,"appointed at the recent Rochester Convention,of which the venerable patriot, Amos Kendall,is Chairman, that Committee having been called tomeet at the same time and place. In his letter tothe Secretary, Mr. Kendall writes—"The only sureplatform for patriotic seen who love the Union, isthe Constitution as it is." "With the gentlemenwhose names you mention (members-of the Committee),I am prepared to cooperate in the attempt tounite the Conservative elements of the country inthe next Presidential election, and it seems to meno time should be lost in determining upon a line ofpolicy to be steadily pursued henceforth." Personsarriving to attend the meeting will please reporttheir names to the National Committee at the BurnettHouse. Enclosed please find the proceedingsof the Rochester meeting. Your presence is earlysolicited, that we may have the benefit of your counsel.By order of the Committee: R.F. STEVENS, Secretary,105 East 49th street, New York. TEVENS Secretary 
