 In our advertising columns this morning will befound a notice of the Third Decade Meeting of theAmerican Anti-Slavery Society, to be held in Philadelphia,on Tuesday and Friday of next week. Theoccasion must needs be one of great interest, not onlyto the members of the society, but to an immenselylarge class of persons who for the last two years havebeen, by the force of events, compelled to considerthat great system which has so absorbed the attentionand the persistent efforts at its removal of the earlyabolitionists. The time has not yet come, perhaps,for a candid and truthful history of the movement ofthese reformers, for even their name is yet a by-wordand a reproach, an ever ready shibboleth wherewith toarouse the prejudices of the unthinking and the ingnorant.But that they have played an important partin the events of the past thirty years, that they havebeen governed by very pure and noble motives, thatthey have been gifted by a clear insight into the future,and that among them have always been men andwomen of the highest order of character and commandingintellect, are truths which the blindest begin tosee. That their organization has held together underthe most trying circumstances, never forgetting itsoriginal design—the abolition of slavery by appeals tothe moral instincts the religious principles of thenation—is certainly a remarkable fact in the politicaland social history of this people for the last third of acentury. Their third Decade Meeting, therefore, isan event which it is impossible to look upon with indifference,or to pass by as an insignificant event.—Tribune. The members of the abolition society propose ajubilee over the results of their efforts to destroy theUnion. The above notice, praising them and theirtreason, is not surprising, but it is not precisely trueas history. The memory of the abolition work isinstructive, for it is not yet too late to interpose forthe preservation of the noble structure which unholyhands have well-nigh torn down. And it is instructive,also, because we may learn from it the dangerwhich is always before us, so long as we remain afree, self-governing people—namely, the danger ofpermitting sectional and fanatical views of moralsto become an element in our political struggles. The abolitionists might have remained for centuriesharmless to any one but themselves, had theynot become the tools of wily politicians. The freedomof speech and doctrine which prevails in ourcountry by no means endangers it, if the people arewise enough to forbid the introduction of treasonabledoctrines like those of the abolitionists into thepolitical arena. But can they prevent it? Thereis the question and there the danger. We remember very well when there was a greatdivision of the abolition society in the country. Theold moral-suasionists, led by Garrison might havegone on twaddling for a thousand years and wouldhave been of no account in the moral or politicalworld. But about 1841, or a little later, a certainset of keen men saw the prospect of turning abolitionismto political account, and introduced the doctrinethat it was the duty of abolitionists to go intopolitics and vote for their own candidates, Garrisonand his allies opposed this most fiercely. Theyhad maintained that no man could vote in this countrywithout, by the very act, giving in his adherenceto "the league with death and covenant with hell,"namely, the Constitution, and that it was their dutyas consistent men to refuse all acknowledgment ofthat infamous instrument. The politicians, however,saw spoils and plunder in the future, and werenot to be put down by the frowns or the indignationof the of fogies. We recollect when the split occurredin an anniversary meeting in New York, thatMr. Garrison cursed the opposition, or secedingparty, with intense bitterness, and such billingsgateas abolitionists only know how to use. "I brandyou as a traitor," was one of his expressions appliedto the leader of the secession. From this time theabolition movement began to be the tool of politicianshaving in view the vilest ends, and ready touse the vilest weapons to accomplish those ends. The progress was insidious but the result was deadly.The organization of the abolition party, itsslow growth, till it became a balance of power partyin some neighborhoods, the introduction of the anti-slaveryquestion into national politics, and then thebargaining and selling of anti-slavery votes to controlState and general elections, all went on untilthe power of the conspirators became absolute. Theold fogies long ago yielded, and came into the plotof the politicians. Who can read the mild and graceful complimentsbestowed on those men by the Tribune without astonishment,that we have arrived at a time whenblack can be called white, and sin eulogized as holiness?In the record of the abolition work in thiscountry there is nothing of benevolence to be seen,everything of crime and violation of law. Thepolitical party which espoused the abolition causewas compelled to close its eyes to the most hideouscrimes in the history of our country. Passing bythe mere fact that the stealing of slaves from theirmasters was the only plan of operation at first desiredfor removing slavery, we perceive the spirit ofthe whole movement in the organization of the JohnBrown raid, and his murderous attack on the peaceable men, women and children of Virginia, approvedby The abolitionists, excused by their political allies,and finally rejoiced in and commended by alarge part of the Republican party, who sing songstoday in their churches as well as in their politicalgatherings in praise of the murderer's memory. Sincethe war began, abolitionism has thrown off all masks,and appears in its natural colors and character,counselling the most barbarous styles of warfare,wrong slave insurrections and all their attendanthorrors, sending strong-minded women around thecountry to preach the reign of blood and terror, exhibitingtowards the enemy the most savage, vindictive,and malignant spirit, prolonging the way byevery possible means, until it shall, as they hope,become a war of extermination against the South,burning and destroying every evidence of civilization,and every particle of property belonging to aSouthern man. At this moment the wail of fiftythousand starving negroes, on the Mississippi banks.ascends to heaven, piercing the sky with an agonythat would never have been known on earth but forthe crime of the abolitionists. In the name of benevolencethey have given starvation, disease, anddeath to the poor black man. When he asks forbread it is not a stone they give him, but it is poison.Every separate negro woman and child, no gaspingin the last anguish of life on those miserableshores, will bear to the throne the evidence of anotheraccomplished work of these men, whether fanaticsor fools; not will all the good they have everaccomplished, put together and weighed, be enoughto balance the pain of one dying negro child, unshelteredin the storm that last night poured its coldrain on his head, while he lay perishing where theabolitionists led and left him. Tribune It is something more than absurd, it is bideouslygrotesque, to hear the New York Tribune coollytalking about the "moral instincts religious principles"of the men who have not only plunged thenation into war, but who have, beyond the possibilityof denial, brought untold horrors on the thousandsof poor negroes to whom they pretended to give"the boon of liberty." Tribune Let us turn to the written record and see whatthese "men and women of the highest order of intellect,""governed by very pure and noble motives,"have said and done. We will not quote the song"Tear down the flaunting lie," which has been sooften printed in our columns as illustrating their patriotism,but we go back to a favorite resolutionadopted at their annual meetings year after year.On May 1, 1848, for example, at the Tabernaclein New York, the American Anti-Slavery Society,on motion of Wendell Phillips, adopted the followingresolution declaratory of their faith and practice:— Resolved, That recognizing, as we do, with profoundgratitude, the wonderful progress oar cause has madeduring the last eighteen years, and yet consideringthe effort now making to impress the community witllthe idea that the church and the land can and willabolish slavery by its own virtue, and that the partiesare able and willing to grapple with the evil, this societydeems it a duty to reiterate its convictions, thatthe only exodus for the slave out of his present houseof bondage is OVER THE RUINS OF THE PRESENTAMERICAN CHURCH AND THE PRESENT AMERICANUNION. Resolved MERICAN HURCH AND THE PRESENT MERICAN NION. Very "pure and noble motives" indeed! Didthey ever change or vary these treasonable designs? This resolution declares their hostility to our religionand our government, their impiety and theirtreason both. We could produce hundreds like itthen and since. Read the following, adopted inthis State in December, 1859, only a year beforesecession;— Whereas, The dissolution of the present imperfectand inglorious Union between the free and slave Stateswould result in the overthrow of slavery and the consequentfoundation of a more perfect and glorious Unionwithout the incubus of slavery, therefore Whereas Resolved, THAT WE INVITE A FREE CORRESPONDENCEWITH THE DISUNIONISTS OF THE SOUTH, INORDER TO DEVISE THE MOST SUITABLE WAY ANDMEANS TO SECURE THE CONSUMMATION SO DEVOUTLYTO BE WISHED. Resolved HAT WE INVITE A FREE CORRESPONDENCEWITH THE DISUNIONISTS OF THE OUTH, INORDER TO DEVISE THE MOST SUITABLE WAY ANDMEANS TO SECURE THE CONSUMMATION SO DEVOUTLYTO BE WISHED. Very "pure and noble motives" indeed! We recallthe speeches of these "men and women of thehighest order of character." We remember whenone Remond said, "remembering that he was aslaveholder he could spit upon Washington," and"so near to Faneuil Hall and Bunker Hill was henot to be permitted to say that that scoundrelGeorge Washington had enslaved his fellow men?"Which speech Mr. Wendell Phillips followed, saying,"Washington was a sinner. It became anAmerican to cover his face when he placed his bustamong the great men of the world." In April, 1862,at Albany, Parker Pillsbury, one of the bright andshining lights of abolitionism, said in a speech, "Ido not wish to see this government prolonged in itspresent form. I have been for twenty years attemptingto overthrow the present dynasty. TheConstitution never was so much an engine of crueltyand crime as at the present hour. I am not rejoicedat tidings of victory to the Northern arms; I wouldfar rather see defeat," &c. Another of these men"of the highest order of character," Mr. Stephen F.Foster, said in a convention at Boston last year, "Ihave endeavored to dissuade every young man Icould from enlisting, telling them that they were goingto fight for slavery." (Mr. Foster was not arrestedby the War Department, though scores ofmen, not abolitionists, were arrested just then onsuspicion of discouraging enlistments.) WendellPhillips himself said in public last year, "I have laborednineteen years to take nineteen States out ofthe Union; and if I have spent any nineteen yearsto the satisfaction of my Puritan conscience, it wasthose nineteen years." And Wendell Phillips wasreceived on the floor of the Senate with distinguishedcourtesy by the Vice President! On the 16thMay, 1862, the Essex County Anti-slavery Society,in Massachusetts, gave to the public the followingresolution: Resolved, That the war, as hitherto prosecuted, isbut a wanton waste of property, a dreadful sacrifice oflife, and worse than all, of conscience and of character,to preserve end perpetuate a UNION AND CONSTITUTIONWHICH SHOULD NEVER HAVE EXISTED, andwhich by all the laws of justice and humanity, should,in their present form, BE AT ONCE AND FOREVEROVERTHROWN. Resolved NION AND ONSTITUTIONWHICH SHOULD NEVER HAVE EXISTED We need not extract more from the record. Traitorsin heart, for years they plotted the overthrowof the government. Unscrupulous politicians usedthem as tools, and they willingly sold themselves tobe used for such ends as we see accomplished. Weagree with the Tribune, though for different reasons,that their "third decade meeting is an eventwhich it is impossible to look upon with indifference,or to pass by as an insignificant event." On thecontrary, it will deserve notice as the astonishingexhibition of an open assemblage of exultant traitors,rejoicing over the well-nigh accomplished ruin oftheir country; an assemblage of pretended philanthropistsholding a congratulatory meeting, whilethe despairing cry of fifty thousand men and womenand children, whom they had led to starvation anddeath, salute the very stars above them! Yes, itwill be a noteworthy meeting.—Journal of Com. Tribune Journal of Com. 
