 The New York Herald, and London Times, saysthe American Baptist, are convenient vanes to showwhere the wind blows. Our American Jim Crowafter playing all sorts of antics in honor of slavery,and periodically calling for the hanging of Beecher,Greeley and Garrison, has been veering round withadmirable tact since the last election, and now appearsanxious to convince the public that he is agood, sound abolitionist. It was the Kentucky "majorityof fifty thousand for the war," which first revealeditself to him as "a resistless flood, sweepingaway all obstructions;" and when he saw the resultsin other States he became still more convinced ofthe determination of the masses "that the war shallgo on; that the rebellion shall be crushed; that thegovernment shall live, and not die; that its territorialintegrity shall be maintained; and that the administrationconstitutionally in power cannot andshall not be separated from the government." Hegoes on to say:— Herald Times American Baptist "Thus far we run before the wind. But there havelately been elections held in two of the border slaveStates upon another issue—the issue of emancipation—and the results of these elections are very remarkable.The States to which we refer are Missouri andMaryland, in both of which the abolition radicals havecarried the day. Nor can it be said that it was thedictatorial power of the administration that broughtabout these results; for what are the facts? In Maryland,one member of the Cabinet, (Mr. Chase) advocatedthe radical abolition movement; but another,(Mr. Postmaster-General Blair) quite as actively opposedit, and positively asserted that President Lincoln'spolicy was not that of the radicals. In Missouri,President Lincoln himself, in a very marked andin a very offensive manner to the radicals, defined hisposition to be against them; and yet the radicals havecarried the State. Henceforth, in Missouri and inMaryland, emancipation will be the order of the dayuntil the work is accomplished. We say, even so letit be. The people of each of the States of the Unionhave the right to determine the question for themselves,and if they choose to abolish slavery, they willonly be following the precedents of New York, NewJersey, Pennsylvania, and others of the 'old Thirteen." 
