 Public Spirit and Mobs. Two Sermen  vased atSpringfield,  on Sunday, February 23, 1851,after the Thompson Rict. By George F. Simmons,Pastor of the Third Congragulational Society. Springfield;Merriam,  &Co. Boston; Crosby &Nichols. 1851.    If the American pulpit were at all by moral courage, a disposition to rebuke popular wrongan independent different from established  andcurrent spinious, these Sermons,— in view of the disgracefulmobsecntic proceedings which indeed theirdelivery,— would challenge no special commendation;but as that pulpit is notorious for its trimmingpolicy, its arrant cowardice, its slavish  tothe existing state of public sentiment, they indicateon that part of their another the possession of a raremanly spirit and a reverent regard for that 'higherlaw' which is so extensively mereed at and to daringlydefted in this iniquitous nation.    The occasion which called them forth has affixedto the character of Springfield, both as to the placeand the people, permanent historical infamy. It willbe regarded by another generation with unmixedamusement and unalloyed abhorrence. It was markedby features equally ludicrous and revolting; by childishfolly and nature ; by the sager of conceiousand unrepentant guilt, and the consecration ofunmitigated poltroonery; by the hisses of makes thehowlings of wild beats, and the yells of fiends; bythe vilest misrepresentations the foulest calumniesthe blackest falsehoods; by all that is dastardlywicked vulgar, absence, brutal and lawless in thatdeed of comprehensive criminality.— MONOCRACY. Itwas not the act of a few rowdies, but a demonstrationof the public sentiment of the place, showingthat Springfield is rotten to the care, religiously andpolitically. The town authorities yielding to it withoutan effort; the citizens generally ratified it gladly;the press (both Whig and Democratic) fanned it toa flame as with the breath of distortion; the pulpit(except in this one instance for as you no other exceptionhas been made before the public) has remaineddumb in view of it.  Mr. Simmons lost no time in regulating his testimony,as a Christian minister, against this ungodlyoutbreak. It is now in print, and deserves to bewidely circulated. This is not the first time that hehas refused to go with the multitude to do evil, ordared to lift up his voice against popular wrong evenat considerable personal hazard. It will be rememberedthat, a few years since he was compelled toleave his pulpit ion Mobile, in order to escape the visitationof Lynch law, for the utterance of some mildsentiments in opposition to slavery. We are notaware, however, that he has ever identified himselfwith the anti-slavery movement, so such; we presumethat he has never spoken at an anti-slaverymeeting; to the charge of being 'a Garrisonian' abolitionist,he would doubtless take exception. He saysthat he has 'a degree of sympathy with the abolitionists.'Personally, we have no acquaintance with him.But his conduct at Mobile and at Springfield, whilemarked by great circumspection, shows that he hasboth a conscience and a heart; and this, for a clergymen,in these trimming times, is a great matter. His 'two sermons' on the pro-slavery riot atSpringfield are medals of heavily, and sen be raced ina few minutes. Some extracts we shall aim to givein a future number. In view of the fest, that the riotwas created by a malicious appeal to national prejudice— that it was against 'George Thompson, the Englishemissary,' that the moboeratic outcry was raised—one of the texts selected by Mr. Simmons was exceedinglypertinent:— 'And when they knew that he was aJew, all with one voice, for about the space of twohours, cried out, "Great is Disna of the Ephesians!"(Acts 19 : 34) Disna of the Ephesians being equivalentto, 'Great in the Union of the American!' English that he was aJew Referring to the ancient cumult at Ephera, Mr.Simmons quaintly says— 'You have been that wehave greatly improved on this example, and that ourtumults do not and with vociferation. And it isprobable that theirs would not have so ended, if theyhad not feared to be 'called to account' for that day'sbusiness. But we have no Romans, of whom ourpeople are afraid; and having liberty, we know notbetter that to convert it into lisence.' Again— 'Thetumult [at Ephesus] was absurd and mischievous;but not half so absurd and mischievous as that whichwe have gone through.' This declaration is as trueas the utterance of it is courageous. 'Let it not be said or imagined,' he continue, 'thatI have compared our recent visitors'— Messrs Thompson,Phillips and Quinsy— 'with the Apostles: forfrom it.' We do not perceive the necessity for a disclaimerlike this, nor do we feel the justices of it, insuch a connection. Certainly, much as these distinguished'visitors' were hated and prescribed, theystand in no worse repute than did the Apostles intheir times, and among their own countrymen; forthey were succeed of sedition and heracy, and ofseeking to turn the world upside down, and were frequentlymobbed and imprisoned, and every wheretreated as 'the fifth of the earth, and the offscouringof all things'! We submit to the good sense andunder of Mr. Simmons, that it is hardly fair to contractthe Apostles as they are now professedly regarded,even as  and demigods, with thosewho for the time being stand in the popular estimationsomewhat as did the Apostles eighteen hundredyears ago— hardly fair as a matter of justice to theliving and not worth while to do so in order to propitiatethose whose regard for the Apostles is onlysuch as the hypocritical Jews, in the days of Jesus,declared that they felt for the Prophets whose they garnished.   Mr. Simmons remarks that the Jewlevs proceedingsat Springfie;d were peculiarly criminality and rescuer the case was one (to one his own language.)'certainly of conscience and, I am insuiled to think,of philanthropy, and the men worthy of respect.' Inclinedto think? In this all that the occasions calledfor? Has Mr. S. any doubt whatever as to the philanthropiccharacter and objects of the anti-slaveryenterprise? Is it not Christ-like in its , andall that is disinterested in benevolent? Is it not tofeed the hungry, clothe the naked shelter the houseless,hide the outcast deliver the oppressed) Is itnot to take who were created a little lower thanthe angles, from the category of swine and cattle, torestore them to their true position! Is it not to breakdown the most formidable barrier that exists againstthe free promulgation of the gospel, to extirpate themeet dreadful from of atheism that the earth has everwitnessed, to destroy a power that exalts itself 'aboveall that is called God? Is not Mr. Simmons somethingmore than 'inclined to think' that a movementlike this is 'onme of philanthropy? The phraseologythat he uses, in this instances, savories of excessivecaution, and is not symmetrical. 50, , when hespeaks of 'the insults offered to a stranger a seeminggentleman, a repushed Christian, one who at leastwas not a falcon,' [Mr. Thompson.] his qualifying adjectivesweaken the tribute he meaure to bestow. Thegentlemanly and Christian character of Mr. Thompsonis not one that calls for a hypothetical endearment.The fact that he was believed, honored, and employedby such men as WILSERFORCH, CLARKSON, BUYTONMAGAULAY and CHOPPER, while they were strugglingfor the abolition of British West India slavery, thathe is admired and believed by all that to referentiallyand progressive on the other aids of the Atlantic, thathe is  unpaid character in against artists wrarpatism and governmentaltyranny, is not the highest evidences of his moralworth. Better and oven more conclusive than this,is the shot, that he is in this country the special objectof terror and hatred to the whole body of Southernmen-stealons and their Northern allies, proffigntepoliticians and apostate prints, with all that is drunken,dissolute, profane and moboeratic.   inclined  seeming repushed ILSERFORCH LARKSON UYTON AGAULAY HOPPER    Mr. Simmons graphically portrayer a mother. It isa thing wholly unlike any other form of humilten life.unless it be bottin, of which it has the ferocity withoutthe method. A mob is a wild animal brokenfrom its luir . . . sometimes a dangerous, many headedmonster, and commotions only a ravenous reptiles'.He admonishes the community, not only of itsguilt, but that retribution is certain:— 'In denying those stringers their right, we theothlessns of Springfield, need not think that theywere the chief sufforere; we ourselves have a hundred-holdmore to bear than they. We have gonedown a step in character, and all our rights are compromisedin theirs. . . What a sad, what a pitifulspectacle it was What a mixture of the vulgar, thenonsensical, and the profane! To begin with thoseburlesque figures with which some hopeful chitinoussaw it to desecrate the Sabbath, to the sandal of thegathering congregations, that they might insult astranger, and make Springfield a laughing-stock. Forthe rope that suspended them was round the neck ofall of us, and we are still dangling in ridicule beforethe whole country. Next, to proceed, with open libeland anonymous calumny, to assail and to gather togethera rabble of boys and men to load the sir withthe smoke and strench of their vulgar illumination,and thus, forsooth, honor the cause of government,and vindicate the country against an alion! Arethese the things which honor our community! Andis this the way in which our better principles are tobe maintained against these who, we imagine, wish toinvade them? In addressing his own congregation, he charitablysays:— 'Nothing can be firth or from my intention, than tocharge you with taking part in the late affair. . .If there were members of this Church compromised,I would not defend them. But I neither insinuate,nor do I believe, that such was the case. And Ispeak the more cheerfully and freely, because I expectto receive the assent of you all, in nearly everyword that I shall say.' We know nothing of the church or congregationover which Mr. S. is settled, but we somewhat marvelthat he should imagine they differed so widely intheir feelings and actions from the great mass of thepeople in that town, as to give no sanction to the riot.Why did they not open their meeting-house to Mr.Thompson, whom every other suitable building wasclosed? That they were more deeply implicated thanMr. S. supposed is apparent from the fact, that it isdoubtful, we understand, whether they will toleratehim any longer as their paster, in conasquance ofthe delivery of those sermons! 
