 PETERBORO', March 1st, 1851. ETERBORO DEAR READERS,—I came here yesterday by stagefrom Canistota to attend the meeting appointed toreceive our friends, George Thompson and WilliamLloyd Garrison. I was much distressed to learn,on my arrival, that Mr. Garrison (whose presencehad been anticipated with an enthusiasm little shortof that felt towards Mr. Thompson) was detained athome by serious illness, and that all hope of hisreaching Peterboro' in time for the meeting hadbeen given up by the friends. This was a seriousdrawback upon the occasion, for I wanted the man(of whom it can be more truly said than of all othersis this country, that he is 'every salve spokenagainst') seen and heard for himself. EAR EADERS Mr. Thompson was on the ground, as fresh andbuoyant as though he had never been the object ofcalumny, or a mark for a rotten egg. Mr. Fester made the opening speech, marked byhis usual clear, forcible and stringent presentationof anti-slavery truth. . . . Mr. Foster was listened to with marked attentionand I doubt not that he made a deep impression onthe audience generally. He was followed by Geo.Thompson, who, when he arose behind the desk orpulpit, was the only man that filled the eye of the assembly.His cagle eye glanced over the scanningmultitude, taking in every part in a single instant.and the silence that now reigned was like the stillnuanwhich is observed in a previously merry company,when invaded by a quick flash of summer lightning.What followed will require more than the pen of afugitive slave to describe. Gently inclining forward,the matchless orator commenced his discourse ina distinct, yet subdued tone of voice—every sentencefull, round, complete, and shining like polishedgold. His exordium consisted of allusions to thedisparaging and slanderous charges which had procededhim. His meaner and presence would havebeen sufficient to have dispelled all the malign influenceof these, unaided by his mighty eloquence; buthe gradually moved on with his discourse, his wordsat first resembling the large poorly drops of a Julyshower, then rapilly increasing in copio tillthe dust is laid, the air is softened, the pale andsum-burnt fields brighten into beautiful green, and ahundred little streams start forth, laughing in thesunlight through parted clouds. All are now atcase; all love the speaker; all confide themselves tothe speaker's lead; and the audience, which beforewors a heavy, hard, impenetrable aspect, is nowwrasthed in smiles—now melted to tears—now converted,with laughter—now grious with horror, andnow thrilled with drlight. The speech of Mr.Thompson, on this occasion, was fully equal to thebest which I ever heard him make in Edinburghor London. His voice sounded as full and clearon the hills of Peterborn', among the hardy farmers,as when, five years ago, I heard it upon the broadplatform of Exeter Hall, surrounded by Lon's andLadies; and I doubt not that he had made as muchpreparation for this effort, as he would have donehad he been intending to deliver his speech beforethe most fashionable audience in the world. I couldgive you a few of his thoughts that 'breathed,' andperhaps some idea of his language; but I dare notmake the attempt, last I should nor the one andweaken the other. To hear George Thompson tenminutes is to have a full explanation of all the bitterrepreaches which our corrupt press and politicianshave heaped upon him.  FREDERICK DOUGLASS. REDERICK OUGLASS. 
