 The correspondent of the New Haven Politician—a paper which has championed the 'Union' interestin that city—one of whose editors recited someof the lines of the 'godlike's' thunder most approvinglyat the Union Meeting held there—thus writesfrom Washington of Mr. Clay's speech and the coloredpopulation of this country:— Politician 'The subject of the colonization of Liberia withour free black population is receiving more attentionthan ever before. I hope there will be time thissession for the consideration of this subject, andwith Mr. Clay to head the movement, we may expectsomething effectual to be begun, at least. His remarksa few days ago at the annual meeting of theColonization Society were cogent and suggestive,and the feeling expressed on that occasion washighly commendable and encouraging. The presentco shows an alarming increase of this classof miserable vagabonds in some parts of the country,especially in Virginia, Maryland, and the District.It is doctorious that they are almost universallypoor, wicked, idle and degraded, and their influence,not only on the slave, but on the white population,is exceedingly hurtful and immoral. And howcan this he otherwise? They are not free withoutproperty, without adcation, without any moral training,and generally without occupation—for if anylabor is desired, free black labor is never made useof so long as any other can be obtained. Of thisgreat and growing evil, the Southern States willsoon  effective measures to rid themselves. Ifthe free colored people are not  to Africa, theymust all be driven into the free States. Would itto be well for the abolitionist to consider wall thelandency of their doctrines? Instead of using everymeans to attract to and retain in the free Statesthese members of humanity, they ought to go heartin hand to the work of African contribution. Thisre must  if this go on  they havebeen for years po the  will be with a population which they do not want and manage to their satisfaction.'            
