 SYKACURE, March 7, 1851. YKACURE MR GARRISON: R ARRISON I hasten to give you some account of the greatConvention for freedom held here on the 5th and 6thof this month. The Convention not in Market hall.the larges hall in the city. It was filled at an earlyhour by one of the most intelligent audiences I looked upon.  The Convention appointed the following officers:— President— Gerrit Smith, of Peterbero. Vice-President— Lymas Kingsbury, of Syranuse;Robert Purvia, of Pennneylvasia; Charles A. Whaston,of Syracuse. Finance Committee— Thomas G. White of Symcuse;Lm H. Cobb. Business Committee— Rev. Samuel J.May. of Syracuses;Frederick Douglass, of Rockestor; Lydia P.Savage of Syrance; S.S.Foster, of Woromster; Dr.Lymas Clacy, of Syracess. Prayer being offered by the Rev.Ovid Mines, Mr.Putnam informed the Convention of the illness of Mr.Garrison, which caused deep regret and disappointmentto the members. He also spoke of the state ofthings in Boston, and of the crisis approaching there. Frederick Douglass then made some remarks uponthe mission of Mr.Thompson to this country, andcontrasted the reception of Mr.T.with that ofhimself, J.N.Duffum of Lyan, H.C.Wright, C.L.Remand and Elliot Burritt in England. Gerrit Smith having delivered before the 'YoungMen's League' of Syrseuse a most able lecture uponGovernment, and the rights of all to a portion of thesail; Mr.Douglass alluded to Mr.Smith and remarked,that we could reciprocate the services of GeorgeThompson on the subject of American slavery bysending Gerrit Smith to England to preach men'sGod-given right to the sail. At the close of the remarksof Mr.Douglass George Thompson enteredthe hall, and was received with the greatest enthusiasm. The President,— Gerrit Smith,— rose and said:—'I do not rise to tell you who now stands before you;you know the man. I do not rise to speak thepredess of George Thompson. I need not tell youof his services ton humanity. I need not speak of hiseloquents. I need only say he is GEORGETHOMPSON. (Great applause.) I resign the pleasingtask of introducing him to you to an old and truefriend of Mr.Thompson, Rev.Samuel J.May. (Applause.) Mr.May remarked— 'Mr.President, this is the happiestmoment of my life. I did hope that Wm.LloydGarrison would be here also; but the cup of my happinessinto the anti-slavery cause. I was converted byWm.Lloyd Garrison— (applause)— and I owe, as do allmen, much to him for his noble and fearless advocacyof the truth. We know and love Garrison, (applause)—but he is ill, and we cannot have him to-day amongstus. But we have got George Thompson. Fifteenyears ago, he left his country and his home, and comehere to pour himself out in the cause of the poortranspled slave. I had the honor and the pleasure ofbeing a co-laborer with him for many months. Hecame among us not even as Lefayess came, for Lafayettecame to fight the battle of freedom for those whohave denied the been to others. George Thompsoncame to fight the battles of freedom for all! the blackman as well as the white, (applause,) and not withcarnal weapon, but with weapons drawn from thearmory of Heaven. Mr.Thompson did at that timemore than almost any other man to wake a slumberingnation to he duty. He lighted up a fire in thehearts of those who heard him then, which is yetbrightly burning. We need his assistance here today,for the great battler of freedom is at hand! Freedomnot for the slave only, but for ourselves; andwho can speak for freedom like George Thompson?(Great applause) The politician have devisedschemes to throw all power even to the prohibitingof freedom of speech, into the hands of the South—schemes foul and bloody, and which are so disgraceful,that to speak them might blister the lips of freemen!Again, friends, we have George Thompson,the friend of all the world, with us. (Great applause.)Again we may hear his voice upon the ramparts offreedom! God has kept him, and case him to us again,to be with us and other us on in the content now approaching.We must come into collision with theAmerican Government. I say must for the FugitiveSlave Bill shall never be enfered throughout the land!(Applause.) He comes with his unequalled power aeloquence, to rouse all the clumbering  andthe deep humanity of the human heart! Welcomes tohim1 let every voice and heart say welcome!' [HereMr.May  Mr.Thompson by the hand, and him forward on the platform amid a perfect sterm ofapplause.] must    As soon as the applause substained, Mr.Thompsonspoke in substained as follows:— 'I thank you, ladies and gentleman of Syracues,for this most cordial welcome. From the newspaperaccounts you have received of the individual now beforeyou, you could not but expect to see a monster,whose mission here was to sow the seeds of rain, andto do all in his power t injure your country and theAmerican people.' [Mr.Thompson them read tworuffianly extracts, one from the Lawrence Sentinel,and the other from the Rochester Advertiser.] 'Now,(said Mr.T.) you shall judge for yourselves. For twentyfive years I have devoted my energies to the welfareof the human race. Instead of being a hireling, Ihave labored for nothing and have never received forsay labors anything to make me richer than I was whenI entered the lists to do battle for human rights. Thisday, God bear me witness, with the wife my bosomand my five little ones, I am as poor as when, ayoung man, I issue from my father's house, withoutwealth or rank to take my place upon the activestage of life. Ye when deaying myself the companof those I love, I come to this land to speak the  of all men, the rights of and liberty do  hirelling who can only, like serpents, be trased by the ultmethey leave, blacken me without stint or measure,strop away to their dank room,s and connect lies andfoul alsuders upon an innocent man. But mieguidedmen may mob him, and perchance the degger of theassisin reach his heart.But I am 'a gorcigner!'O that is it, indeed—a goreigner! So are your missionariesin the lands where you have sent them. Inall that makes a man a true American, I am an American,for to be a true American is not simply havingbeen born home. Is it American to hate tyranny andbattle against all oppression! then I am one, for mylife has been devoted to this service. Is it Americanto wish well to your country, and that she should bemore, and never less free, than now? then I am anAmerican. Is it American to subscribe so the doctrineof the perfect equality of the human ness? thenI am an American. Is it American to preach againstthe union of Church and State? then am I an Americanfor I have preached that doctrine to the mitredbishop and proud priest beneath the ivy-mantledwalls of old cathodreals? Is it American to prefer thepoor man to the rich?—the fastion to the broadcloth?then I am an American, for I come from the people!I have labored for the people, and living or dying, Iam the friend and advocate of the people! Have Iattacked the franchise? No! I plend in my own countryfor its extension to all. The right of trial by jury?Never! I claim it as the right of all, not excepting,by any means, the slave. Have I attacked any trulyAmerican institution—any thing of which Washington,Jefferson, or Franklin approved? No! youknow I have not. It is because I advocate the rightof all men to freedom that the slaveholding tyrants ofthe North and South hunt me down! But to me itis, after all, of little moment what is said; but to youit is of vast moment. Keep still, endorse these papersand screen these editors from the scorn and contemptthey deserve at you hands—pat the monstermob, set him upon me and my friends, and let himtear me in pieces, I et him taste blood, and he willturn in good time and glut himself upon you!       people people people But I go to Rochester, and test this question of myright to speak, and the good people of that city shallsay whether the Advertiser or God shell rule! I go toRochester with an unshaken trust in God, and withoutthe least bodily gear. I know in whom I havebelieved, and that He can guard me and shield mefrom the curses of hireling seribblers and lepsous politicians.I go to Rochester to see if there he notmore then seven thousand me and women wh havenot bowed the knee to Baal! Is it not, my friends, rather an ungenerous receptionfrom a democratic people when I have spent mylife, neglected my private interest, turned my bookon fortune, for the sake of pure democracy, andprohibited and even prastised its doctrines, that Ishould be slandered and maligned by these who callthemselves democrats and friends of equal rights! There are in Syracuse many Englishman' let onestand forth and prove that I have ever neglected toplend the couse of the injured poor in my own countrylet any Irishman (for those hireling dogs of thepress tell the Irish that i am the enemy of theircountry,) let any Irishman stand forth and show thatI have ever deserted his country's interests. On thecontrary, I have been the friends and defender of Irelandwhen her own some have bessly deserted her onthe floor of the British House of Commons! I haveever loved and defended Ireland, and will continueto do so, though misguided Irishman continue tohate and mob me. No, friends! let us lost one other is the face,a ndlet us speak kindly one to another—let us togetherwash our hands of this iniquity of slavery, whichcurass and blights your beautiful land—let us herepledge ourselves never to put off our armer, or quitthe field, till the Gemius of American Liberty is loosedfrom her prison, and, mounting her chariot, shallcompass the world! crushing despotions and tyrannyof every name beneath her rolling wheels! and thewide world join in one anthem of praise to that Godwho loveth all, and who hath given this beautiful erectionof his hands that men may dwell therein, lovingand blessing one another.' This splendid speech, of which I have given but afaint outline, was received by the audience with anunmingted delight. The meeting adjourned till afternoon. At the commencement of the afternoon  Mr.Foster called on the D.D.'s to come forward, if therewere any, and enlighten the abolitionists, who, theysay, are 'all wrong,' and made one of his earnestspeeches on the occasion.  Mr. Green, of Ren county, made some inmorousremarks upon the wresting of the scriptureto sustain slavery.  Mr. W.H. Burleigh them made a short but powerfulspeech upon the Fugitive Slave Law, and itstendency to bring all law into contempt. The audiencegave his remarks a hearty response. He adrestedthe utmost contempt and resistance of the law,and said with Patrick Henry, 'If this he tressen,Desist Webster, Millard Fillmors, 'make the mostof it!' The use time was ressived with sby the overflowing studience.  Mr. Thompson then took the stand, and stokeabout on hour and a half in relation to the which he with on his arrival in this country.He first spake of the charge sometimes  thatthere are slaves in England. 'Slaves in England!'said he,'I deny it. We have poverty there, and impression;but from the military commander to themonarch, through all and every goods of society noman can be sound who can take a child from itsmother, and sell it into slavery. There is oppressionin England. I have done and shall continue to doall in my power for its removal; but I come over thewaters come four months sines to a blasted land ofliberty. My first day in Boston was the Sabithand the men-hunter, bushed by will the military butnaval power of the American nation, were hunlngfor two poor trombling fugitive from slavery. I sawthe people go up to worship in their proud temples,and guided by that man who first walked a nation toa mass of two guilt, I passed through the demandstrew to the covert of thew I will presed lishman—I book them to the heart of an Englishman—I sent them to the Englishman's home' andthey are safe at this hour  the contra of amoments! (Tremondous applouse.) What say yen,Americans, to things like there? Are you true toyour destiny, true to the memory of your fathers, trueto humanity and to God, when you suffer such thingsto be dome above the graves of your patricts, and inthe name of Freedom!       'I love Boston, because it was there that the firstsuccessful resistance was made to British tyranny, andthere the first blood of the Bayelution shed—andthat the blood of a solered man! My next experienceof Boston was the scene in Fancuit Hall, where2500 persons, tax-payers and their families, were assembled,to hold a presceable meeting; and I saw thatmeeting broke us by a couple of hundred readyboys and men, and the police standing by, indifferentto the spectacle; and, as it afterwards appeared, underthe express orders of the Mayor not to inter-fereunless property or life were in danger! 'Then look at the scenes which been enactedat the South—the unspeakable insult and wrongwhich have been perpetrated upon white citizensof the North, innocent of all crime! One man soledand incarocrated, his trunk broken open, and evenhis long stockings and pieces of toilet soap made tobear suspiciously upon him, and the private correspondenceof his wife and daughter made the subjectof rade examination in open curt. Another inoffensiveman seixed and robbed of his luggage, all hepossessed in the world, and finally tarred and feathered—for no crime whatever! Look, Americans, atyour country, and blush for your meannerss and anpineness!Once, it were enough for a Roman to say,"I am a Roman citizen.' Try it, free sons of NewEngland, and see if your being Americans will saveyou from tar and feathers, or the whip and brandingiron, at the South, if you dare utter a word of disapprobationof that system of slavery which disgraceevery man and woman in America, and which robethem of both money and honor in its enroor overthe necks of the people. 'Then comes the case of Henry Long. O, if therewas ever a scene on earth, over which the dark demonof the bottemies pit might hover and preside, itwas when that poor fugitive, guilty of no crime butclaiming to own himself, was set for trial in thecourt room in the city of New York. Honor to thatgrandson of John Jay and his noble compeer, whoat that hour stepped forth to defend the defenselessman! That defence was, as you know, of no avail.The Union Committee had hired the highest legaltalent of the city to crush the last hope of that poorwretch. There he stood, one poor, friendless man,with twenty millions against him. Is it a wonderthat he was thus given up to the Slave Power? Butlet that lawyer's name be accussed! Let the nameof George Wood become infamous, and, with thenames of the Committee of Oppression, "fosterthrough the infamy of years!" 'But the great and final struggle of the Slave Powerand the power of Liberty in tis land is at hand.The battle is set in array. Perhaps—though Godforbid it!—perhaps the oppressor will carry the matterto the extent of bloodshed; and, my friends,when the send of New England, and the sons ofNew York and the free States, take down the oldmuskets and awords of their sires, will they not pauseand think if those sires would use them in a warwaged for slavery, and in which brother was setagainst brother? They will put up the weapons, andrefuse to fight for slavery. If they did not, theshades f their fathers would rebake them.' I must pass over many interesting remarks, both ofMr. Thompson and others, for I have not time, norcan you spare room for all. In evening, Mr. Douglass took the stand, evidentlysomewhat depressed at the thought of that collisionwhich seems to be approaching. Not depressedat the thought of suffering, for he expressed hiswillingness to die for the couse of the oppressed. Heremarked that all eyes were turned towards Boston,and he trusted that when Court Square was filledwith the soldiers of the tyrant, Boston might not failin her duty. He made an eloquent speech upon theoppressions of the Slave Power, and the tearful eyesin every direction told how deep was the cherd hetoushed. I took fall of his remarks,but mustomit them, and many other things, for want ofspecs. When Mr. Douglass had concluded, Mr. Thompsonsprung to his feet, and rebanked the want of faith ofhis brother Dengham. He sketched with vivid wordsthe progress of the cause since, in Boston, a handfulof men and women first uttered the truth upon thematter of slavery. 'Then, 'said he,' we could notget the demon into court and make him pld. theSlave Power of the South and its haughty allies ofthe North, did not design to make answer to an inflesment.But lock now! He has long been in court;we have made him hold up his hand and plend to thecharge of soul-murder, and the Websters, the Clays,the Frotes, the Diskinssons, the Cheston, the Fillmores,are retained as his coussed. Now make we inquisitionfor blood, and not in vain. I glory in the crisiswhich is at hand. Now is a nation awakened.Now we meet the devil, Slavery, up and full girdedfor the fight. Give Fillmore the infantry, the artilleryand the moral power; give me the living vaisa,and I ask no other weapon, for with it I can rethe warm heart of hummity, and drown cat the warlikearmament with tears of mercy. Any, by talkingwe will do it! Luther talked, and as his spirit wentup to heaven, he looked down on regulutionaised Europe.We have tried it in England, and against thepower of wealth, and the oppension of politicians,we have talked off the chairs from eight hundredthousand slaves! We said that God had given everygreen herb of the field to be breed for man; andagainst the interest of the rimb aristo of GretBritain, the poor man to-day bays his brest in themarket of the world?'   This thrilling speech drew down the most informapplause from the audience, which was so large thatevery inc of the slave, from and window skills, wascomplished, and   I must pass ever the interesting expression of theforenoon, to speak of the afternoon . AdiThompson took the floor soon after the commencementof the session, and devoted the time to analyzingMr. Clay's Colonization scheme, much to the satisfactionand amusement of his hearers. At thisspeech will probably be published entire, I will notnow stop be speak of it.  At the close of the speech of Mr. Thompson, fivefugitive, just arrived from the slave land were putupon the stand; and then came a scene such as anglesmight, and doubtless did, gladly witness. Therethey stood, fresh from the manscies, just eat fromthe hall of slavery, in the first meeting of freementhey over witnessed. And there, confronting them,were the beautiful women and maidens, and thestorn-hearted freemen of Syracues. Tears stood inmany eyes, and the compressed lip, the eye of fire,and the death-like silence, sold that here the spirit ofLiberty was fully reused, and the deep foundationsof Humanity broken up. Then Samuel J. May in acalm and solemn voice, said—Men, matrons, andmaidens of Syracuse! You see these victims of tyrannybefore you, and one of them a woman. Saynow, shall these fugitives be taken from Syrause?I call on you to answer.' 'MAY!' came up on onevoice, the voice of more than a thousand people. AY Mr. May put another question—'Citistus of Syraouse,will you defend with you lives, if need be,these defenseless and hunted children of God!''AYN!' came that voice of the multitude, like a peelof thunder, and it made the very walls quiver. Sucha scene few ever witnessed. O Webster, Fillmore,Dewey, Sharp &Co. you should have looked in then,and seen in full play the latest energies f that loveof freedom which lies so deep in every human brest,but which tyranny can at last cause to destroy bothtyrant and his fetters n its consuming fire. YN Mr. May then asked if any body would furnishthese fugitives with employment, and in fifteen minutesthey were all comfortably provided for. Thoughit is a ponal effence for say man to harbor a fogitiveas you know, yet the names f their employers werepromptly given; and if Mr. Fillmore comes or tankshis Marshal they will probably find the kettle on andevery thing hot and comfortable for them. The evening session was marked by the greistonth usiam. S.S. Foster made a capital speech, andwas followed by Mr. Thompson, in one of his bostspeeches. Several resolutions, of a most determinedand radical character, were passed. Mr. Wheaton, one of the Vice Presidents, song infine style some thrilling songs of freedom! a resolutioncomplimentary to the Mayor of Syrause, who, itthe matter of Free discussion, has taken a noble port,was passed by acclamation; and at 10 o'clock wasclosed a series f the most intensely interesting meetingever held upon the subject of freedom in thiscountry. Yours, G.W.R. 1. Resolved, That there are no higher laws than,these:— 'Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thyheart, and soul, and mind, and strength.' 'Thou shall love thy neighter as thyself.' 'Whatsoever ye wold thee men should do untoyou, do ye even so unto them likewise.' 2. Resolved, That whenever a civil governmentencourages men to obey these laws, and protectsthem in such obedience, it is fulfilling its appropriatefunction, and is a public blessing. But whatever itstand in the way to prevent men's obedience tothese laws, especially when its enestments countrveneand forbid such obedience, it is a public curse;it is a bold usurper, and ought to be overthrown if itcannot be reformed. cannot be reformed. 3. Resolved, That the fundamental principle ofthe American Revolution, set forth in our world-renownedDeclaration of Independence, was the recognitionof God as the source of all our blessings; andthe recognition of the equal and inalienable right ofall men to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. 4. Resolved, That the American Republic is anattempted Union between States, in which therewere and still are very diverse and irrecencibleviews of the nature and the rights of man, and ofman's obligations to God. Great as the advantageof the union may be, they cannot be compamble tothe evils which have flowed and must over flowfrom all concessions of the higher to the lowerviews of right and duty—all compromise with righteousness. 5. Resolved, That no body of man, however venerableand wise, ever were, or could be, astimrised tocompromise the inalienable rights of any class oftheir fellow begins; that no body of men, howeverconstituted if they should agree to such a compromisewith the utmost solemnity, could be bushedthemselves, or bind their constitutions, a moment bysuch an iniquitous agreement; much less could theytransmit to their posterity the slightest obligation toabide by that compromise. For whatever is unrighteousand cruel is in violation of the principles of themoral Constitutions of man which was friend agesbefore the Constitution of these United State—formedtoe by a wisdom infinitely higher than was foundin the Convention of 1787. moral Constitutions of man 6. Resolved, That from an early period of ourhistory, the legislation of the American Congresshas tended to favor the interests of the slaveholdersmuch more than 'to promote the general waisnessand secure the blessings of liberty; and the peoplehave been persuaded to acquiesce in roachmentsby the assurenous of their politicalleaders, that such legislation was in accordance with thecompromises of the Constitutions, and indispecableto the preservation of our 'glorious Unon.'  7. Hesolved, That the iniquity of our NationalLegislature has culminated in the enactment of'the Fugitive Slave Law.' It is now, therefore, fewthe people to decide whether our Republic shall bewholly given up to the despstic miserable of theSouthern oligarchy, until it shall be engalphed inthat rule which has alway overwhelaned oppressedgovernments, or whether by a storn refomal to complywith the requisition of this law, they will compelour legislators to retrace their stops, and returnto the way of righteous which alone are waysof happy union and enduring pence. 8. Resolved, That the uprising of 'the people'every where at the North, in opposition to this law,and the clear perception, had by may of the must intelligentat the South, of the utter impressionabilityof esfforcing this law upon us, are most encouragingevidence that over nation has not utterly lostof right, and has not yet aimed beyond thegrace of response. 9. Resolved, That there never has been a thumwhich cati men and women were so urgentlycalled upon to be their principles, that they may bring back their cnustrymenfrom the ways of darkness, into which theyhave been misled by unprincipled politicians andpolitico-religious ministers, to walk in the gospellight of the Declaration of Independence.   10. Resolved, That at this juncture, the returnof our illustrious fellow laborer, George Thompson,a citizen not of any one country so much asa citizen of the world, whose countrymen are allmankind; his return at this juncture to assist uswith his unequalled powers in the prosecution ofour holy enterprise, is cause for thankfulness notalone to him, but to that greatest Benefactor, theFather of our spirits, who has put it in his heartto spend himself so lavishly in the service of sufferinghumanity, without regard to country or clime. 11. Resolved, That so long as slave-property is aconstituent element of our government, and the onlyproperty which has a representation therein, it most,by an inevitable necessity, shape the legislation anddictate the policy of national affairs. 12. Resolved, That in a Republic, the only lawknown to the people is the general sentiment of themisses, and hence the great work of the friends ofFreedom is to renovato public sentiment by unceasingactivity in the promulgation of the doctrines ofabolitionism. 13. Resolved, That we rejoice in the convulsionswhich are now agitating the two great political partiesof the country as unmistakable evidence of theprogress of our cause; but at the same time we cannotbe unconscious of the fact, that these parties arestill the great props of the slave power, and thereforethat whoever consents, under any circumstances,to support them, throws the balance of his influenceinto the scale of slavery, is not a true Abolitionist,and ought not to resize the votes of anygenuine friend of liberty. 14. Resolved, That the 'damning infamy' whichshould forever attach to that paid traitor to freedom,Daniel Webster, should only be surpassed by thatwhich should be meted out to Drs. Dewey, Lord,Spencer, Lathrop, Sharp, Stuart, Cox, and Spring,who have sacrilegiously prostituted their ministerialoffice to exalt the inhuman enactments of profligatemen, above the well known laws of the living God. 15. Resolved, That the Union Safety Committeeof Now York, in its open and zealous efforts to securethe extradition of Henry Long—and that Geo.Wood, Esq., in consenting to act as their fee'd counselagainst the liberty of a fellow-man, innocent ofcrime, have proved themselves the willing tools ofkidnappers, and are, in the light of recognized moralprinciples, as truly guilty of piracy, as really manstealers,as if they had stolen a free man from theshores of Africa, for the purpose of thrusting himinto the hell of American Slavery. their 16. Resolved, That we reiterate our unabated,unqualified condemnation of the Colonization schemefor the far distant abolition of Slavery. We renewedlypronounce it to be what it has so long sincebeen shown to be, a scheme founded in a base andcruel prejudice; a scheme which must inevitablytend to the unsparing persecution of the free peopleof color, and to the increased severity of the sufferingsof the enslaved. 17. Resolved, That we not only most highly approve,but that we most warmly applaud, that branchof the citizens of Boston, who bravely and generouslyendangered their lives, liberty and property,in the rescue of Frederick Wilkins, (alias Shadrach,)a free and innocent man, from the grasp of a villanousband of official kidnappers—by whom he hadbeen treacherously arrested, with a view to consignhim to the hell of slavery. 18. Resolved, That the trial, conviction and imprisonmentof Mr. Alberti, a notorious kidnapper,who has devoted years of his life to the horrible businessof betraying innocent blood, is a retributionmost richly deserved, yet not more richly deservedby that poor wretch, than by the most respectableand religious traffickers in the souls of men, south ofMason and Dixon's Line. 19. Resolved, That this Convention has heardwith great pleasure, the account of the position recentlytaken by the people of Lynn, Massachusetts,in relation to the Fugitive Slave Law; and in thename of our common humanity, we thank the peopleof Lynn, and their intrepid Mayor, George Hood,for thus nobly rebuking the mean and craven spiritwhich characterizes too many of the cities of NewEngland; and we hereby pledge them our heartysupport and co-operation in their manly resistance tothe edicts of oppression. 20. Resolved, That Alfred H. Hovey, Esq., Mayorof the city of Syracuse, has the warmest thanks ofthe friends of liberty for his readiness at all timesto promote the furtherance of the wishes of thosewho have desired to make manifest their oppositionto slavery, especially to the diabolical Fugitive SlaveLaw. And, for the honor of this city, and the goodof our common country, we hope that the same loveof freedom which he has evinced may be equallyapparent in all his successors. 
