 In the U.S.Senate, on Monday, Feb.24th, a longand current debate took place, with reference to theFugitive Slave Case in Boston, and the Message ofPress Fillmore thereon, in which Messers, Rhest, Berrien,Clay, Chase, Davis of Mass., Davis of Miss., andDowns participated. In the course of his implantand abrasive speech, Mr.Clay said— Mr.President,. it has been said in the course ofthus debate, that the law has not been perfectly enacted;that there are fifteen or thirty thousandfugitive slaves— they have already reached, I believe,and in certain localities of the country, beforethe end of the year, there will be fifty or one hondredthousand slaves not surrendered up. I wouldlike to know from any one of the Senators who havereturned to state what was the actual number of fugitiveslaves in the States of the Union, upon whatauthority or fact does he proceed? Sir, if you sayfrom the commencement of the government down tothe present time, there has that number escaped fromthe slaveholding States— fifteen or thirty thousand—I should not be disposed to contradict the fact. Toassert this moment that there are fifteen or thirtythousand fugitive slaves in the free States— and onlya few, I think, have been recovered— and thereforeto infer the violation of the law, is, i say, to proceedin that darkness in which the Senator from SouthCarolina [Mr.Rhett] describes himself as constantlygroping, without statistics, without facts, and, I believeagainst the truth of the case. Mr.RHETT, (interposing.) Mr.President, thegentleman says I proceed without facts. The fact Istated about fugitive slaves, I took from the publishedproceedings of an abolition society or Conventionheld in the State of New York. HETT Mr.CLAY. Ah! exactly such an authority as theabolition society will make such statements,— correspondingto statements, I do not know what it is calledin South Carolina, from one of these societieswho are there associated together to assert the doctrassesof succession and discussion. Sir, I do notbelieve one word of the statement of that abolitionsociety. No man knows how many there are. Theyare a good many. Why are they not given up? Iventure to say, in the majority of cases their formerowners do not choose to put themselves to the troubleto purpose them. I dare say, many of them die;hundreds, perhaps thousands, have escaped to Canada.I pressure no man will get up here and say itto the duty of the government to bring the dead backto life, or bring the fugitives to Canada back to theUnited States, unless you wish to contend, as a waggunfriend of mine said the other day— 'Thesegentleman are quite unreasonable. If they had alltheir wishes, they would perhaps desire the slaveshould be caught and surrendered before he has runaway at all.' [Laughter.] Sir, what I meant to saybefore— what I do now— is. that there has been noresistance to the law for the recovery of fugitivesthat I know of, except in the single city of Boston.I admit there has been some inconveniences sustained;but, sir, we should expect that the ownerswould incur some expense. I agree entirely withthe Senator from Georgia, [Mr.Berrien,] when hedenounced the pettifogging resorts made, disgracefullyto the city of Boston, in order to arrest the agentwho went these to recover his property. Well, sir,the harhbornge of slaves, facilitated in their escapeby night, under circumstances which render it impossiblethat they should be perceived or pursued—to the general government to be made responsible forthat? All we can do is to pass laws, and enforcethere and execute them. Sir, a Senator said thisPreclamations, and this invocation for further power,was merely to catch a fugitive slave. Well, now,Mr.President, is that a true state of the case? Thefugitive who ran away the other day from Boston,I think it is probable, will never be retaken; but itwas a great consolation, and will be to his owner,to know that the marshal is responsible for him, underthe act passed at the last session of Congress. LAY. Why, sir, was not the destruction of tea, andthrowing it into the harbor of Boston, at the commencementof our revolution, any thing more thana question about Bohea tea? It is the principlewhich is involved: and what is that principle? It iswhether the laws shall be violently and outrageouslyopposed by force, or shall be executed. If, sir, todaythe law upon the subject of fugitive slaves isinstructed by violence and force, and its executionpresented, what other law in our statute-book maynot to-morrow be obstructed by equal violence, andits execution prevented? What department of government— what government itself— may not be opposedby violence and force, and thus its very existencequestioned? Then, the question is not the recoveryof a fugitive slave— the question is, shall the governmentbe maintained? Shall the law be enforced?Shall those who have violated the sanctuary of justiceand carried away by forcible rescue a person inthe custody of the United States, be punished, andall similar occurrences be arrested— prevented, ifpossible, and if not prevented, he punished or not?Why, Mr. President, we would have a case somewhat analogous to that occurring at Boston, if twoor three hundred black men, instigated by wishes,were be break open by force the Senate door, anddrag the Senator, from his seat, and carry him awayfrom the theatre of his duty. What would he saidthen? It is only one Senator out of sixty-two, andwe will make no fuss about it. [Laughter.] Thequestion is not about one, or two, or a thousand fugitivesslaves. The question strikes at the existenceof the government; it strikes at the authority oflaw; it strikes at the maintenance of the governmentwhich we derrive from our ascestors. Mr.President, the Senator from Ohio [Mr.Chase]the other day told us that the Compromise of thelast session, which it was promised would bringpeace and tranquility throughout this land, has effectedno much thing. Why, sir, so far as relates toto the Wilmot Proviso, there is quiet; so far as relatesto California, there is quiet; so far as relates to theTexas boundary, there is quiet; so far as relates tothe abolition therefore of the slave trade in this District, Ihave not heard a single voice complaining of it.Only one topic remains, Sir, that has wrought wonters.At the last session, the honorable Senator,and those who concurred with him in opinion, andexpected a vast and boundless fund of agitation. Ifthe compromise measures were passed— why, insteadof that, sir, they have themselves been reduced topeace. The Senator at the last session was an agitator,and at this he cries for peace, and reproachesme,— of which I will presently take some notice,—with being an agitator. Why, sir, it has worked amiracle. It has made thousands of converts amongstthe abolitionists themselves; and not one of themhas risen upon this floor, or, I believe, on the floorof the other House,— if he did, he was instantly repelled,— even to move a repeal of a measures, by theby, which the honorable Senator from South Carolina[Mr.Rhett.] thinks unconstitutional. He oughtto move its repeal. I was surprised he did not concludewith the mention to repeal that law. Now, sir,pease has been produced is an extent even surpassingmy most eanguine anticipations. There was anexception made to the universality of peace, as it waspredicted at the last ocassion by almost all of itsfriends. We said ultra-abolitionists would not betranquillized. We said they wold go on and agitate—those men who denounce the existence of theUnion, who declared at Springfield the other daythey would rather are the non-execution of the FugitiveSlave Law within the limits of the Common-wealth,even were it to be attended with the subversionof all law, the Constitution, and the Union itself.Did the honorable Senator suppose that wehad undertaken the Hercules in task of pacifying hisfriends—at least those who think with him upon thegeneral subject of abolition? Mr. CHASE. Does the honourable Senator to rate me amongst those who have expandeda wish for the destruction of the Union? HASE.   Mr. CLAY. No, sir! No, sir! I mean only to sayhe is in their company. (Laughter.) LAY. Mr. CHASE. Will the Senator allow the to adda word? If I am in that company, I do not know it. HASE. Mr. CLAY. I mean in the company of the abolitionists.It the Senator will disavow and repudiatsabolitionists of all shades and colors, I shall be extremelyhappy to hear the disavowal. LAY. Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, if the Senator willallow me, I will say a word. HASE. Mr. CLAY. Certainly—with great pleasure. LAY. Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, I do disavow mostemphatically all association or connection with anyclean of persons who seek the dissolution of thisUnion. I say now, as I said at the last session, that'we of the West are int he habit of looking upon theUnion as we look upon the arch of heaven, withouta thought that it can ever decay or fall.' In that sentimentI fully participate. I am aware, Mr. President,there are some abolitionists, anti-slavery men,—names are of little consequence,—who regard theConstitution as at war with moral obligation, andwith the supreme law. I am not of them. But ifthe Senator, when denouncing abolitionists, meansto include in his reproaches all those citizens who,within the limits of constitutional obligation, seek torescue this government from all connection with slavery,I can claim no exemption. I am one of thosewho mean to exercise all legitimate, constitutionalpower to restrict slavery within the limits of theslave States in all places under the exclusive jurisdictionof the national government—to maintainevery person, of whatever race or origin, in the enjoymentof personal freedom. That is my position. HASE. Mr. CLAY. I am perfectly aware of the infinitevariety of abolitionists. Some hold to one extreme,and some to another, and go to neither. I havenot yet heart the Senator disavow that he was anobolitionist; he only says that he is not a disunionabolitionist. LAY. Mr. CHASE. I do not know what the term abolitionistmeans, in the usage of the Senator. I do notknow to what class of persons the Senator means torefer, when he denounces and stigmatizes people asabolitionists. If by that epithet he intends to designatethat class of persons of whom I say I am one—who wish to maintain the Union, but not to allowslavery within the sphere of the exclusive jurisdictionof the national government, then I am doubtlessan obolitionist. But if by that term he intendsonly to describe those who would break up the Unionor interfere with that State legislation, I do not acknowledgeits applicability to me. HASE. Mr. CLAY. Upon my word, if the Senator does notknow what an abolitionist means—one who has understoodits practice to some extent and its doctrinenor a good many years—I understood he holds hisfeat upon this floor by some half a dozen votes givenhim by the abolitionists—if he does not understandwhat abolitionism means, I am sure I am unable toinstruct or inform him. They act together. Thereare some more unbrushing and more violent, pushingtheir principles to greater extreme—some whowould pull the ministers of God from the pulpit, andabuse them and prostrate them in the streets of ourcities, if allowed to do it—come who denounce religion,who denounce the Constitution of the Union,who denounce the States in which the institution ofslavery exists. Whether the Senator be one of them,it is not for me to say. I am very happy to hear himavow himself a friend of the Union. But, sir, thisUnion is to be destroyed or preserved by variousmeans. There are two or three descriptions of personsconstituting the great abolition, movement ofthe country—free soil, abolition or whatever youchoose to call it. It those who disavow extremeabolition will, nevertheless, upon the questions whicharise in Congress or in the country, be found uponthe side of the abolitionists, and co-operating withthem to support measurers which they insist upon,and men whom they alone will support by their sfrangesfor public office: now, sir, you may say thereis a difference, and characterize the various classesas you please, but the result and inevitable consequencesof this association—of them all—are, unlessresisted by the potency of the law and power ofpublic opinion, dangerous to the Union itself. LAY.  
