 'We have been denied the leisure to examine withcritical care the provisions of that enactment. TheLord's vineyard, in which we are an humble laborer,has demanded so much of our time, and has soentirely absorbed the powers of our mind, that wehave not bestowed more than a very bosty at what is denounced in the North as the 'bill ofabominations,' Nor do we expect over to troubleourselves about the matter. When the questionwas under discussion in Congress, it created nointerest—certainly no excitement, in the wholeSouth. When it passed, the South shot no gunsand kindled no bonfires. The North has bad allthe excitement. The measure was conceived in theNorth. The leading statesmen of the North wereits nursing fathers. It was understood to be a favoritemeasure of the President, one of the mostdistinguished of Northern Patriots. At all events,in became a law in accordance with the forms prescribedby the Constitution. It has the image andsuperscription of , and let  attend toit Ministers of the Gospel have nobler objects toclaim their attention and employ their talents.They are engaged in a great work, and should notcome down to mingle in the melee of such paltryand petty feuds. 'Let the potsherds of the earthstrive with the potsherds of the earth.'    'The Nebraska bill is now discussed, instead ofthe awful retributions of eternity. Negro emancipationis urged, to the utter forgetfulness of redemptionfrom sin. 'Free territory' is a localityof more frequent mention and more enchantingsweetness than 'the city which hath foundations,whose builder and maker is God.' The name ofa negro seems to have become more precious, certainlymore conducive to excitement, than thename of Jesus which ought to be above everyname.' 'These spiritual knights-errant, who appear tothink they have a divine commission to correct allthe wrongs, real and imaginary, in our nation, areinfinitely more chivalric in their onslaughts uponthe States South—whose heroes and statesmen werethe chief architects of this great Republic—thanupon 'principalities and powers, and wicked spiritsin high places.' They seek. with inaniacvalor,to pollute with the blood of civil war, the gravesof Washington, Jefferson, Marion, Munroe, Madison,Sumpter, Jackson, Clay. and others, the mostillustrious champions of our country's greatnessand renown—the men who purchased by theirblood and their wisdom, even the liberty whichthese fanatics shuse in scattering political and religiousfire-brands, arrows and death broadcastover the lands; yes, with mad daring they seek thedisruption of our Republic, while they shrink withmean poltoonery from any rencounter with theboasts of the prince of the power of the air, 'thespirit that now worketh in the children of disobedience,' againstwhom they pretend it is their chiefbusiness to wage unceasing battle.' 
