 The Jackson Mississippion of July 11, contains aletter from Dr. D.O. Williams, who was has just returnedfrom Kansas, from which we make the followingextract: Jackson Mississippion * * * 'All the best locationsin the Territory have already been staked out, andthe foundation for a log cabin laid, by hundreds andthousands of slaveholders from the border slave countiesin Missouri, who have entered into solemn, pledgesto protect each other in this claim, and to keep all Abolitionistsfrom the Territory. There remains nolonger a doubt but that Kansas has already made abeginning which insures it a Slave State. Greeley andthe Abolitionists may flounder and flutter until theyare satisfied; Kansas is now a slave Territory, and willbe a slave State. There are already enough of slaveowners interested in Kansas to whip out all the Abolitionistswho may dare to pollute the soil with their incendiaryfeet. The slave-owners of Kentucky, Virginia,and Tennesses, by hundreds and thousandswill soon seek that delightful country, and, wouldyou believe it, Mr. Editor, Mississippians have alreadybeen in the Territory, and staked out claimsin the names of men whom they have taken alongto erect a log-cabin on each pre-emption. andthe foundation for a log cabin laid, by hundreds andthousands of slaveholders from the border slave countiesin Missouri, who have entered into solemn, pledgesto protect each other in this claim, and to keep all Abolitionistsfrom the Territory. which insures it a Slave State. Kansas is now a slave Territory, and willbe a slave State. to whip out all the Abolitionistswho may dare to pollute the soil * * * * * It is reasonable to suppose that Kansaewill soon present to Congress her Constitution, witha slavery clause. Then Southern men will be requiredto breast the gathering storm, as men whohave a country to love; and they will take pleasurein despising such traitors and doughfaces as Benton,Houston, Bell, and their Free-Soil allies.' Of the author of this letter, the Mississippian thusspeaks editorially: Mississippian 'The communication under the head of "KensasTerritory" sets forth the result of the writer' personalobservations. It is from the pen of Dr. D.O. Williams, of this county, whose reputation as ashrewd, intelligent, reliable and eminently practicalman, extends over the State. He is one of ourlargest slaveholders, and is thus prompted both byfeel a lively concern in whatever relates to the futureof the South.' 
