 The above question involves a matter of grave importfor the South. That there are some among us,politicians, who, for the sake of the spoils of office,will submit to any wrong, however gross, any indignity,however flagrant, even that of personal chastisementat the hands of the North, rather than resist,we believe to be lamentably true. Of this class dowe consider that arch fiend and monstrous traitorBENTON, of Missouri, and his little satellites, RUSKand HOUSTON of Texas, the valiant STANLEY of N.Carolina, with probably KING, COBB, and 'LittleBilious,' of Georgia. But to suppose the people, theunpurchased and incorruptible people, will submit, isto suppose them lost to all sense of shame, to everyprinciple of honor, to all regard for their rights andsafety, as well as the safety of their wives and children.We are well convinced that the seemingapathy and indifference of some portions of the South,has arisen from the blindness of the people to thereal importance of the questions involved, caused bythe deceptions practiced upon them by politiciansand party presses, for party purposes. We are rejoiced,however, to be able to chronicle the fact, thata mighty change has taken place in the prospects ofthe South. The scales have fallen from the eyes ofthe people—light has at last broken in upon them,and from the Potomac to the Mississippi, from theshores of the Atlantic to the dark and bloody groundof old Kentucky, is wafted to our senses the welcomeintelligence—the grateful notes of preparation forthe approaching danger. Virginia, whose noble oldbosom has never been a nursery for traitors or cowards,has cast out, repudiated and trampled underfoot her faithless representatives, and is girding herloins for the conflict. North Carolina, too, thequondam Rip Van Winkle of the South, is awakingfrom her long slumber, and shaking her invinciblelocks. The memories of MRCKLENBURG forbid hersons to be untrue to their destiny and their duty inthe approaching crisis. Our own State, too, thoroughlyaroused, with beaver up, awaits with impatiencethe cry, 'To your tents, O Israel!' Georgia,too, always ready to 'beard the lion in his den, theDouglass in his hall,' though paralyzed by the spiritof party for a while, and betrayed by her faithlesssentinels, is now rapidly wheeling into line. Florida,Alabama and Mississippi, our younger but notless gallant sisters, led on by a YULEE, a KING, aFITEPATRICK, a GAYLE, a FOOTE, a DAVIS, are allburnehing their armor, double—shooting their guns,and preparing to meet the enemies of our rights andour institutions upon the very threshold—like younglions, truly do they chafe for the conflict. Kentuckyand Tennessee, our noble Western sisters, by repudiatingthe treachery of many of their favorite andlong cherished sons, have furnished unmistakableevidence that they are still true as steel to the Constitutionof their father, and are prepared to resist,at any and every hazard, any infraction of its provisions—peaceablyif they can, forcibly if they must.As equals, each and every one entered the confederacy;and as equals, only, they will remain. Infact, through the length and breadth of the wholeSouth, but one voice will soon be heard, like thehoarse roar of the tempest, drowning everythingelse, and proclaiming to our enemies we are ready,by, ready. ENTON USK OUSTON TANLEY ING OBB RCKLENBURG ULEE ING ITEPATRICK AYLE OOTE AVIS  Fear and tremble, then, ye faithless politicians andpolitical hucksters, the hand—writing is even nowvisible upon the wall, Mene, Mene, Tekel, Upharsive— thypower has been taken from thee, and confidedto more worthy hands. Ye have been weighed inthe balance, and found wanting. And ye traitors,BENTON, RUSK and HOUSTON, ye who would sellyour country for a price, who would barter her birth—rightfor a mess of pottage, go quickly, save the in funyof a public execution, and, like Judas Iscariot,hang yourselves. Mene, Mene, Tekel, Upharsive— ENTON USK OUSTON To the North we say likewise, fear and tremble,ye poor pitiful tyrants, ye have at last provoked aspirit which will not be allayed—which will notcrouch at your bidding. Long, long has the Southborne with your wrong, your injustice, your oppression:but the day of her redemption, and the downfallof your insolence and power, is close at hand.For thirty—five years have you plundered us; forthirty—five years have you robbed us under the formsof the Constitution; for thirty—five years have youheaped unprovoked insult and injury upon our heads.With the sweat of our brows and the toil of ourbodies have we built up your villages, towns andcities; with this you have built up your schools,colleges, and temples of science; with this you haveconverted your barren and inhospitable wastes intofruitful gardens and pleasant places. We repeat,all this you have done from the plunder of the South.Not content with this, you would now, if you could,like the serpent, sting the bosom that warmed youinto life—you would deprive us of our property, destroyour institutions, and convert the sunny South,once 'a land flowing with milk and honey,' into abarren waste, a howling wilderness. But lay notthe flattering unction to your souls, that you willever be able to accomplish this. Never, never, never.You may dissolve this Union in the madness of yourfanaticism—you may, Erostatus like, destroy thefairest political fabric ever reared by the wisdom andpatriotism of civilized man, but the destruction ofthe South by your hands is hands is an event beyond yourmeans, power or spirit to accomplish. We havean energy, a spirit, a power, an abiding source ofstrength in which you are willfully blind, which enablesus to bid defiance to a world in arms. It wasthis which enabled us in the Revolution to fight yourbattles for you—it was this which enabled us in thewar of 1812, while your prominent sons were plottingtreason at Hartford, to drive back the enemyfrom your shores, preserve your cities and townsfrom plunder, and save your wives and daughtersfrom violence—it was this which enabled us to sendtwo—thirds of the invading army into Mexico, andoffer up the blood of such spirits as RINGGOLD, BUTLER,CLAY, DICKNSON, WALKER, and a host ofothers, as a libation upon the alter of our commoncountry. And it is this which will enable us, shouldyou ever be guilty of the folly of the attempt at invasion,to drive back your hordes, countless thoughthey may be as the sands upon the sea shore. You,boast, that Northern countries have ever over.Southern, that your rivers all run South, indicating;dominion to the North, will not avail you. Ratherlook upon the latter as high ways, which Providencehas provided to tempt and lead you to destruction,and avoid them while it is yet in your power. Facilisdescensus, sed retires hic opus hic labor . Pauseand ponder well before your take a step so fatal toyourself, your honor, your prosperity and politicalpower. Pause and ponder, we repeat. INGGOLD UTLER LAY ICKNSON ALKER  Facilisdescensus, sed retires hic opus hic labor .  
