 Frederick Douglass has recently visited is oldplace of residence, New Bedford, from which he writesto the 'North Star' in the following gratifying strainrespecting the colored population of that city— An investigation into the character and conduct ofthe colored people of New Bedford would be sufficientto refute all the slander and cobweb sophistryof our enemies. No man can look upon that population,and see its order, tners, industry and honesty,without acknowledger that liberty is the true elementboth fort he black and the white man. Thecolored people of that place are mostly from theSouthern States, and a majority of them have wornthe yoke of bondage, the galling chain of slavery.They come to New Bedford poor, friendless, withoutmoney, education, on recommendation—they cameto face a bitter prejudice of the community, and tobear up under a climate too cold for Southern constitutions,unused to the exercise of freedom—strangersto the rights and duties of citizens; yet underthese and many other disadvantages, I venture to affirm,without the slightest fear of contradiction, thata people freer from crime, more upright in their dealings,mere industrious in their habits, and mo netin their persons than are the colored people of NewBedford, cannot be found among the working csesof any town or city in the American Union. Icontemplate the colored people of that place withvirtuous pride, and point the slaveholders at the Southand their allies at the North to that people as an emphaticdenial and a killing refutation of all their malignantslanders. Some of the most successfulwhalemen out of the port of New Bedford are coloredmen. There are among them not only good sailors,( men who command the highest wages,) but goodnavigators capable of taking a ship safely to anyquarter of the globe. There are of these industriousand enterprising men, not fewer than forty now inc. They have shown themselves aliveto the attractions of gold as their white fellow—citizens.I am glad of this proof of a common origin,a common identity. While in New Bedford, Ihad the pleasure of perusing several letters from anumber of old and intimate friends now in the goldregion. These letters gave me a far more favorableimpression as to the probable success of the goldhunter, than any letter which I have seen floatingabout in the newspapers. It is quite evident fromthese interesting letters, that the wealth of Californiais, is it ought to be, shared by colored as well assons from New Bedford expresses any regret at goingto California, and all soon delighted with theprospect before them.       For once, Labor has found a place where it bidsfair to be amply rewarded. The soft handed thinkeris there no match for the hard—fisted worker. Theblack man can dig gold as well as the white man.Why won't the Colonization Society send some ofits victims to California, instead of sending them allto Liberia? If it would do the former, and leave offthe latter, it would be more likely to convince thecolored people of its disinterested desire to benefittheir condition, than any efforts now making are likelyto do. thinker worker. 
