 The majority of the School Committee, in their reportattempting to justify this city in a fundamentalviolation of the Constitution of the State, have laboredto prove that other places are implicated in thesame guilt. The following communication from severalrespectable citizens of Nantucket, places thematter in a very different light from that in which itwas left in Rev. Mr. Bigelow's report. 'The statement, first, that 'exclusive schools'(meaning thereby colored schools), 'exist in noother place in this Commonwealth,' is not borne outby the evidence of facts. A colored school, theCommittee are informed, is organized in Nantucket.A few years ago, it was broken up by a ground swellof popular ferment which swept the old pilots by theboars, and brought in a new set of men and measures.The children were scattered, and allowed to range atwill. Some went to white schools, and others keptat home, or were found roaming idly through thestreets: and after a years trial, public sentiment, inconcurrence with the voice of colored parents themselves,resolved on replacing things on their old footing.The former School Committee was re—chosenand installed anew. The colored school was againopened, and has remained unclosed to the presentte. It is somewhat small, as it ever was, its numbersvarying from 30 to 40 pupils; the colored populationof the town being inconsiderable altogether.Still the fact is there. A school, a colored school,exists in Nantucket; and an attempt to abandon itwas not attended with 'no favorable result.'  colored The above is an extract from the 'Report of aSpecial Committee of he Grammar School Board,'Boston. It is essentially incorrect and untrue, andwell calculated to mislead people relative to the questionof a colored school at Nantucket. It is truethat a colored school was kept at Nantucket fora series of years, and all colored children were refusedadmittance to any other of the public schools.From time to time this was complained of. In 1840,a colored girl applied to be examined, preparatory toadmission into the High School. The Committeefound her qualified, but the town instructed them notto admit her, and she was refused. colored and she was refused. During the year 1843, several colored children askedadmittance to the Grammar Schools. The Committee,almost unanimously, came to the conclusionthat they had no legal right to keep those childrenout of the public schools, and they admitted all whowere qualified into the Grammar Schools; constitutingthe York street, or former colored school, a Primary,for the young colored children, as they livedsomewhat remote from the other schools. This wassatisfactory to the people of color, inasmuch satisfactoryto some of the white inhabitants, and at the nextannual Town Meeting, to use the language of theBoston Report. 'a ground—swell of popular fermentswept away the old Committee, and brought in a newlet of men and measures.' The Town instructedthis new Committee to expel all the colored childrenfrom all the public schools, except York street. Thisthey did, after engaging a competent male teacherfor the York street, and calling it a Grammar school.The colored children, generally, reused to go backto that school, and now came the scattering androaming of the colored children, spoken of in the BostonReport, not because the colored school was brokenup, as the Report says, but because they were drivenour of the other schools; not because they were allowedequal rights with the whole children, but because theywere deprived of them. scattering androaming not because the colored school was brokenup, but because they were drivenour of the other schools; not because they were allowedequal rights with the whole children, but because theywere deprived of them. This continued two years, and then the old Committeewas put back again, by a mere majority ofone, two, and three votes, after a sharp contest, anda very large vote. The Committee found but fewcolored children in the York Street School. Theybroke it up, and admitted all the colored children ofthe town that applied, (and most of them did,) intoany of the public schools, according to their qualifications,under the same rules and regulations whichapplied to the white children. The next year the Committee was again changed,but they did not disturb the colored children in theGrammar Schools. They opened the York street asa Primary school, which was approved by the coloredpeople, as they mostly live near that school house,and far from the others; which rendered it more convenientfor their small children. And thus it is tothis day; the colored children are admitted freelyinto the Grammar Schools and High Schools, andthe York street is kept as a Primary, for the betteraccommodation of the small children; and such ofthese as live nearer to the other juvenile schools areas freely admitted thereto. The undersigned, believing that the School Committeeof Boston had been misinformed about thematter, and assured that they would be desirous toknow the truth, and correct any false impressionwhich their report may have made, address to themthis statement. Respectfully, &c., JOHN H. SHAW, EBERN'R COLBMAN, GEO.H. POLGER, NATH'L BARNEY. Nantucket, Nov. 11, 1849. 
