 Extracts from an article in the last number of theMassachusetts Quarterly Review, on 'The Administrationof the late Mr. Polk,' by TMSONORN PARKER: MSONORN ARKER In estimating the administration of men like Jeffersonand Jackson, men of decided thoughts or decideddeeds, the personal character and opinions ofthe President are important elements to be considered.But Mr. Polk was remarkable neither forthough nor action; he had no virtues or vices todistinguish him from the common run of politicians,who swim with the party tide, up or down, in or out,as it may be. His character seems to have has noweight in the public scale, and does not appear tohave given the balance a cast to either side. Hehave follow a multitude, in front or rear—he couldnot lead. God never gave him 'the precious gift'of leading. For his office, no qualities marked himmore then a thousand other men in the land. LikeMr. Harrison and Mr. Tyler, he was indebted forthe Presidency to 'the accident of an accident.'So the god Apts was selected from other bullocksfor some qualities known only to the priests: thoughto laical eyes he was nothing but a common stot,distinguished by no mark and likelihood; soon us selected,he became a God, and had the homage of hisworshippers. The nomination of the Apis might beone 'not fit to be made,' but when clerically made,it always had the laic confirmation, and no Apis wasever found too brute to receive worship. It was said in 1848, that it was not of much consequencewho was President, if he were only aWhig; it did not require much ability to fill the office;much acquaintance with the Philosophy of Politics;not even much knowledge of the Facts ofPolitics; nay, nor any eminence of character. Mr. Polkwas not the first or the last attempt to demonstratethis by experiment. His private life was marred by no unusual blemish,and set off by no remarkable beauty. He keptthe ten commandments very much as other men;was sober, temperate, modest in his deportment;what seems latterly rather unusual for a President, hedid not swear profanely. On his death—bed he 'professedjustifying faith in the Lord Jesus Christ,''relying alone for salvation on the great doctrine ofatonement, and received the ordinance of baptism;'thus he secured a good name in the churches, notyet accorded to Franklin and Washington. Estimatinghim by the ordinary standard about him, thetrue way to judge such a man, he has been set downas an exemplary man, using his opportunities withcommon fidelity. Some official acts of his werepurely official. His friends, since his death, claimbut little for him. Eulogies are not supposed tolimit themselves to telling the truth, or to extendthemselves to telling the whole truth. Still they area good test of public opinion. Burr got none;General Jackson had many; those on Mr. Polk werechiefly official and their temperature, for officialpanegyrics, was uncommonly low, plainly intimatingthat little could be made of such a subject. Mr. Polkwas hardly susceptible of rhetorical treatmentafter death. While in power, he could easily bepraised. We shall take it for granted that, exceptingsome of the eminent leaders, almost any prominentman in the Democratic party, if mad Presidentunder such circumstances, would have done verymuch as Mr. Polk did; would have been merely aportion of the party machine. Last year the Whigssaid, also, it was not very important what the personalopinions of the President were. Mr. Polk refused his signature to there bills passedby Congress; one making 'appropriations forthe improvement of certain harbors and rivers,' onefor the ascertainment and satisfaction of 'claims ofAmerican citizens' on France before the 31st ofJuly, 1801, a third 'for continuing certain works inthe territory of Wisconsin, and for other purposes.'It is a little remarkable to d a man who commencedwar upon Mexico, by invading her territory, seizedwith such scruples about violating the Constitutionwhile paying an honest debt. The Constitutionwhich can be violated to promote slavery, can easilyafford an excuse for the neglect of justice.  Facile inrnit fuslem qui vult cadere cem. Facile inrnit fuslem qui vult cadere cem.   Mr. Polk found the nation with a debt of $17,075,445 52,he left it with a debt of $64,938,400 70.That was the debt on the 4th of March, 1849, includingthe $2,192,500 of the loan of 1848, subsequentlypaid in. Mr. Polk has gone to the dge of all men, who isalso their Father. The hurra of the multitude, andthe applause of an irresponsible party, are of no morevalue then the water which a Methodist ministersprinkled on the head of the dying man. His wealthbecame nothing; his power and his fame went backto those that gave; at the grave's mouth his ds,and he had friends, forsook him, and the monarch ofthe nation, the master of negro slaves, the author ofa war, was alone with his God. Not a slave in thewhole wide world would have taken his place. ButGOD sees not as man. Here *let us leave him, notwithout pity for his earthly history—not without lovefor a brother man whose weakness, not his wickedness,wrought for our nation such shame and wo.   * Of his administration in general, we would saylittle. He proved by experiment that his was a'nomination not fit to be made;' not fit to be confirmedafter the convection had made it; he demonstratedby experiment the folly of putting a little man— into a great man's place; the folly of taking the morecreature of a party to be President of a nation. Itwas not the first time this had been done, not thelast. Yet such is he structure of government andsociety in America, such the character of the people,so young so free, so fresh, and strong—that not evensuch an administration as Mr. Polk's can permanentlyimpede the nation's march. Cattle and corn werenever more abundant. Foreigners came here in greatnumbers, 229,488 in the year ending 30th September,1848. Our total increase must have been considerablymore than half a million a year. Not longago men ed at America—a Republic could nothold its own, or only with men like Washington atits head. But in 1848, when the nations of Europewere convulsed with revolutions, whose immediatefailure is new the joy of the enemies of mankind,west of the ocean not less than east thereof—Americastood firm, though her nominal guide was onlyJames K. Polk. Ours is the most complicated governmentin the world, but it resembles the complicationa human body, not that of a fancy watch.Our increase in wealth was greater far than our proportionategrowth of numbers. When trade is free,and labor free, and institutions for all men, there isno danger that men will multiply faster than breadto fill their months. This is God's world, and notthe Devil's.  We are a new people in a new world; flexiblestill, and ready to take the impress of a great idea.Shame on us that we choose such leaders; men withno noble gifts of leadership, no lofty ideas, no humaneaims; men that defile the continent with brothers'blood most wickedly poured out! The Presidentof the Democrats showed himself the ally of theAutocrats of the East, who 'wade through slaughter to a throne,And shut the gates of mercy on mankind.'  The good things of Mr. Polk's administration wehave spoken of duly honored; the abominationthereof—whence came that? From the same sourceout of which so much evil has already come: fromslavery. A nation, like a man, is amenable to thelaw of God; suffers for its sin, and must suffer till itends the sin. In the North, national unity of actionis preserved with little sacrifice of individual varietyof action; the union of he people and the freedomof the person are carefully kept secure. Hence eachman has as much freedom as he can have in thepresent state of physical, moral, and social science.But in the South it is not so; there is a population of7,334,431 persons, there are 2,486,326 slaves so, ifthe average amount of freedom in the North be representedby one, in the South it will be about two—thirds;it is doubtful that the inhabitants of any partof Europe, except Russia and Turkey, have less.Think you, O reader, while we thus trample on therights of million of men, we shall not suffer for thecrime? No! God forbid that we should not suffer. There are two things the nation has to fear—twomodes of irresponsible power. One is the POWEROF PARTY; one the POWER OF GOLD. Mr. Polkwas the creature of a party; his ideas were partyideas, his measures party measures, his acts partyacts, himself a party man. A party can make aPresident, as a heathen his idol, out of any thing; nomaterial is vulgar; but a party cannot make agreat man out of all the little ones which can bescented out by the keenest convention which evermet. The Democratic party made Mr. Polk; sustainedhim; but no huzzahs could make him a greatman, a just man, or a fair man. No King is moretyrannical than a party when it has the power; nodespot more irresponsible. The Democrats andWhigs are proof of this. One has noble instinctsand some noble ideas—so had the other once; butconsider the conduct of the Baltimore Convention in1844; their conduct for five years after. Considerthe Convention of Philadelphia in 1848, and the subsequentconduct of the Whigs! This irresponsiblePower of Party has long been controlled by theSouth, for various reasons named before.  The irresponsible Power of Gold appears in twoforms, as it is held by individuals or corporations.The Power of Gold, when vast sums are amassed bya single individual, who owns more property thanfive constics in Massachusetts, is certainly dangerous,and of an evil tendency. But yet, as the individualis transient, it is not presently alarming; awise law, unwelcome often to the rich man, limitshis control to a few years. His children may be fathersof poor men. But when vast sums are held bya corporation, permanent in itself, though composedof fleeting elements, this power, which no statute ofMortmain here holds in check, becomes alarming aswell as dangerous. This Power of Gold belongs tothe North, and is likewise irresponsible. Sometimes the two help balance, and counteracton another. It was so in the administration ofJackson and Van Buren. Jackson set the Power ofParty to smite the Power of Gold. Even Mr. Polkdid so in two remarkable instances. But his is notalways to be expected: the are natural allies.The Feudalism of Birth—depending on a Caucasiandescent, and the Feudalism of Gold, depending onits dollars, are of he same family, only settled in differentparts of the land; they are true yoke—fellows.The Slaveocracy of the South, and the Plutocracyof the North, are born of the same mother. Now,for the first time for many years, they have strickenhands; but the Northern Power of Gold at the PhiladelphiaConvention was subjugated to the SouthernPower of Party, and lent itself a willing tool. Togetherthey have selected the men of their choiceconfessedly ignorant of politics, of small ability, andred with war; placed him on the throne of the nation.The Slaveocracy and the Plutocracy eachgave him its counsel. By his experiment be is todemonstrate his fitness, his importance, or his crime.He is on trial before the nation. It is not our tojudge, still less to pre—judge him. Let General Taylorbe weighed in an even balance. We trust thatsome one, four years hence, will report on his administrationwith as much impartiality as we haveaimed at, and with more power to penetrate andjudge. We wish there might be a more honorabletale to tell of the first mere military chief the nationever chose. There are great problems before thenation—involving the welfare of millions of men.We pause, with hope and fear, for the Whigs tosolve them as they can. See his Special Message of August 2d, 1846, Augustth, 1848, and December 15th, 1847. See his Special Message of August 2d, 1846, Augustth, 1848, and December 15th, 1847.  
