 The loyal people of the United States have sacrificedenough men and treasure to have put an endto the rebellion months ago. Still, that ardentlywished for result seems to be further off now thanat the beginning. The North, with greatly superiornumbers and wealth, with vastly greater resourcesof art, mechanism and manufacture, is held incheck—is baffled, confounded, and held up to thederision of the nations. Why is it so? An indignant and suffering people are told it isbecause the military commanders are not properlyreinforced, or because the troops are not properlyfed, clothed and equipped. Some ignorant andcredulous persons have been deceived by this clamor,but no man of sense and information believes oneword of it. The Federal came is not triumphant simply becausethe Generals who control the armies do notdesire it should be! simply becausethe Generals who control the armies do notdesire it should be! Shortly after the rebellion commenced, Mr. Richardson,of Illinois, and other prominent locofores inCongress, demanded that they and their friendsshould be appointed to high military positions. ThePresident yielded. He argued that, as it was notusual or politic for an Administration to appoint itsopponents to high civil trusts, it was fitting heshould mark his appreciation of locofoco professionsof loyalty by conferring abundant military honorson those who made them. Accordingly, of the threehundred and forty now Generals created, over threehundred are locofocos! of the threehundred and forty now Generals created, over threehundred are locofocos! The armies of the Union have not succeed inextinguishing the rebellion, because the Generalsby whom they have been led have not desired thatresult. What would have been said by the patriots if theContinental Congress, in 1776, instead of giving thecommand of the armies to Washington, Wayne,Lincoln, and that clam of men, had promoted thetories to the Generalships? The indignation of thepatriots would have been both hot and sharp. Theywould have given up in despair of ever establishingthe independence of the colonies. President Lincoln has been guilty of this folly.In this vast emergency, when acts of Congress signifycomparatively little, when executive proclamationsare simply blank cartridges, when battles aloneare decisive, the President has surrendered the commandof the crises has to men  ideas are not hisideas, where plans are not his plans, where hopes arenot his hopes, whose ends are not his ends. He hassuperadded to this folly, another of not much lessmagnitude. He has joined with these locofocoGenerals in proscribing and banishing from independentcommands, every General whose ideas, planehopes and  are substantially his own. Undersuch circumstances, it is not singular that hisreposted and positive orders for vigorous and decisivemovements are unneeded. The only singularityis that the President, after making ever thedirection of the armies to the locofocos, shouldexpect to have the rebellion crushed out. surrendered the commandof the crises has to men  ideas are not hisideas, where plans are not his plans, where hopes arenot his hopes, whose ends are not his ends.  every General whose ideas, planehopes and  are substantially his own.  What do these locofoco Generals mean? Clearly, they do not intend that the North shallbe o, any more than they design the Southshall be vanquished. They  to protect thestruggle, to exhaust the resources and the patienceof the loyal States and  force a compressions. Theyare acting is convert with Northern locofoco politicians,whom  are undis in of the rebels.    force a compressions.    If the president  been wise—if is had keptalso military power in his own grip, by  wish command only to men whose views werecoincident with his own—the war would here beenended months ago; thousands of lives and millionsof treasure would have been saved, and the countryto day would have entered upon a career of increasedprosperity, usefulness and renown.    We do not mean to be understood as allegingthat every locofoco General is involved in the conspiracywhich undoubtedly exists to deprive the nationalstandard of conclusive triumphs. We gladlyconcede that some of then have men above partyprejudices, passions and aims, and are most anxiousto make short work with the rebels. But these menconstitute a meager minority of the whole, andoccupy positions in which their splendid patriotismis comparatively unavailing. The army of the West and the army of the Potomachave accomplished little thins summer andfall, because it has been the programme of theircommanders that little should be accomplished. Theallegation that the Federal forces are outnumberedis a lie, or is only true of particular fields where theGenerals in command design to give the rebels theadvantage. The pretence of insufficient supplies isfalse, and would be inadmissible if true. Jacksoncontrives to get on tolerably well with a deficientcommissariat. So could McClellan or Buell, if eitherhad a mind to. Their hearts are not in the work.Their sympathies are all on the other side. We had written thus far before receiving thenews of McClellan's removal, or Halleck's report asto the cause thereof. That report, and the removalbased on it, confirm many of the suggestions thrownout above. For months, many of our readers havethought our judgment of McClellan harsh. Few ofthem, we think, are of that opinion now. The verdictof history will show our judgment to be lenient. General McClellan has been removed from thecommand of the army of the Potomac. His successoris General Burnside. The removal of McClellan was caused by his refusalto obey orders, and march promptly againstthe enemy. An elaborate report from Gen. Halleckpublished, showing that McClellan's excuse fordisobedience, which was that his requisitions forsupplies had not been filled, was totally false. When McClellan was called from Western Virginiato Washington, we hailed his advent. But,months ago, we became satisfied either that hisheart was not in the work, or that be was utterlyincompetent for the position to which he had beenelevated. A suitable commander, with the means,of which he has had the disposal, would have literallycrushed the rebellion before sow. He hasbrought the nation to the very brink of destruction. General Burnside has evinced both capacity andearnestness. Under his command, the army will notgo into-winter quarters. It is possible that he maysave the republic.—Honesdale (Penn.) Democrats. Honesdale (Penn.) Democrats. 
