 Gen. McClellan has been removed from the commandof the Army of the Potomac, and has beenor lered to report to his family at Trenton. Washington,in the old days of the Revolution that triedmen's souls, amid the snow and ice of inclementwinter, with a mere handful of worn-out soldiers.turned upon his powerful and exultant foe, androuted him in sore defeat at Trenton; McClellan,in these later and evil days of Rebellion, comes tothe bosom of his family is the same Trenton, havingfrittered away one noble army In dilatory and fatalstrategy, and having left behind the command ofanother, with which he has squandered a propitiousautumn, in letting his tatterdemalion foe insultinglykick him and his noble army in front and rear, withStuart raid, and then escape unpunished to hisSouthern strongholds. But as the world saw, inWashington, the victorious, at Trenton, the Revolutionaccomplished; so it sees, in McClellan, thesuperseded, at Trenton, the Rebellion crushed. Inthe former was recognized that military genius andthat hearty and persistent purpose, which could notfail of success; in the latter is recognized that militaryimbecility and lack of heart in this greatest ofstruggles between Right and Wrong since the worldbegan, which has brought only disaster, laid asidein disgrace—a ridiculous, expensive and useless idolof thoughtless or treasonable worship dashed inpieces—and in its place military skill, genius, andearnest devotion to the nation's cause, declared tobe the essential requisites of him who would leadthe patriotic and earnest soldiers of the Republic.In Washington, victories at Trenton, the worldsaw the turning point of the Revolution; in McClellan,retired at Trenton, it sees the turning pointof the War against Treason and Rebellion. We are not surprised at the removal of McClellan.We are not have wondered that he was not removedlong ago. He has had every advantage,every facility, every chance to prove himself agreat commander, and to save the country, buthe has not began to do either. But President Lincolnhas burns and forborne, still patience and forbearancecaused to be virtues. The blow has atlast fallen—and not a moment too soon; possibly,in Heaven's mercy, it may not be too late. Thetruth should not be disguised, that McClellan'sinefficiency, or something worse, has brought thenation to the very brink of ruin. But let all loyalmen trust in God, in our noble army under competentand honest commanders, and in Abraham Lincoln,that our country shall yet be saved. If any person who has observantly watched thecourse of events for the last eighteen months, is nototherwise convinced that the President has doneright in removing McClellan, let him read the letterof Gen. Halleck respecting the recent career on theNorth Potense of this "very unfortunate" commander.Gen. Halleck is no "," as "radiral,"but his testimony as to McClellan's calessdelays and his disobedience of orders, whereby Leomade good his retreat weeks ago in as clusive asit is damming. Consider, also the testimony ofGen. Halleck as to the disasters surrender of Harper'sFerry, in which he cenoures McClellan for hisslow- march into Mary land after the invadingrebels, at the rate of six miles a day, and express the deliberate conviction that he could and shouldhave reinforced that important post—in which convictionthe Commission concurred.       could and shouldhave reinforced McClellan may not be a traitor; but if he isreally loyal, he is one of the meet unfortunates ofmen in his warmest friends and supporters: for theyembrace every secenist and traitor north ofRebeldom, from Fernando Wood and FranklinPierce down to the editor of the New Humplivepartial. To be sure, be has had some adventureand friends among loyal case, but they have beencomparatively from and have been growing "bountifullyless," every day, for a long time. That meandescript element. In the North, which is susmanfor conveniences styled "conservative," and whichhas "constitutional" surplus about petting downthe Rebellion, has also atrack for McClellan. Atgood deed has been said about the attachment of elsearmy to him, but much of it is "is your settlement this  of the day, which permitted the rebel army to escapewhen it might have been ground to powder andthe Rebellion ended, opened the eyes of thousandsin the army to the true character of their commander.Mark it, that the soldiers of the armyof the Potomac will not cry their eyes out, not rebel,because McClellan has been removed. Hispopularity was, in great measure, factitious, manufacturedto order, by newspaper and other claquers—a spurious article.       So far at our observation extends, no event of thewar has earned more real satisfaction, or inspiredmore genuine hope in the hearts of truly loyal men,than the supersedure of George B. McClellan, andthe appointment of Ambrose E. Burnside, thewhole-souled patriot and fighting General, in hisstead. This is the truth, and it should not beminced. The vast majority of the truly loyal peopleof the North feel that a deadly incubus has beenat last removed from the otherwise resistless energiesof the best army the world ever saw. Theyfeel that the war will now be prosecuted with rigor,energy, and unflagging persistence, till Rebellionshall be dead. They expect that henceforth the"programme" shall be "decisive" fighting—fightingto the bitter end. They have confidence inBURNSIDE, and rejoice in the faith that "there is aGod in Israel." fighting URNSIDE 
