 The honorable terms that Radicalism suicidally on are, not submission to the national authority,not a return to the fold of the Constitution, notthe Union of unequal States, but submission to theLiberty Party Abolition platform; equality for thenegroes: and failing in agreeing to this, Radicalism desolation, cities sowed with the salt of examination!Such terms as these—such as the vulgar Chandler, of Michigan, and the im-Wade, of Ohio, and the whole criminal settalk of are nothing less than eternal war! As weread the terrible appeals of Radicalism,—made, too,by parties who are greedily grabbing all they canget from the public crib—whose pockets are linedwith the fruits of corruption as their hands are redwith the blood of brethren—we involuntarily ask—where is the old virtue and old patriotism and theold intelligence of majorities in Massachusetts? HasChristianity fled to brutish beasts? Does New Englandexpert to subjugate the great West to her Abolitionprogramme? We are committing suicide everyhour in arguing such an infernal policy.     We are committing suicide everyhour in arguing such an infernal policy. Let patriots be of good cheer. The day of reckoningis coming, when rascality will be fully unveiled.The country, even now, is saved! saved by the nobleconservative host who have come to its rescue—used by the union between the true men of the MiddleStates, the Border States, and the West. Theville Patriot has the right of it. The moral ofthe elections—that involuntarily brings out the all from Tennessee, and other States, now coming in a swelling tide—is that Radicalism is dawn.Unhappily, time is yet to elapse before the patriotic of the People, irrespective of party, can, underour system, fully operate—but it can be heard!It is an permanent as right and truth, and is irrevocable.It will not be without effect. It is for theUnion as it was—for the Constitution as it is. Thenoble majority who have declared this, readlywill go no increasing—will brand as traitors all whotalk about the Constitution being no better than uselessparchment, and war against the Union as it was—Boston Post. by the union between the true men of the MiddleStates, the Border States, and the West.    Radicalism is dawn.   Boston Post. ☞The democratic professions of the post are asdent and hollow as are the virtuous protractof a predigate might-walker before the police court. democratic   
