 The country was startled on the first day of theweek, though it was both the Sabbath and Sunday,with snow on the ground, and rain falling on thesnow,—the country, we say, was startled, by theannouncement that Gen. McClellan had been removedfrom the command of the Army of the Potomac,and sent to Trenton, a place at which Washingtononce had the audacity to defeat a force ofBritish Hessians, although the time was mid-winter,and he had to lead his ill-clad and badly-shod menacross a cold and ice-encumbered river to get atthem. Men could not believe the news, notwithstandingthe dispatch was more than usually clearand specific, and went into details as to the greatevent. It seems that the Cabinet had had the matterunder discussion for some days, and that theparty for change carried its point, and the Presidenttransferred the command to Gen. Burnside, whostands so well in public estimation, and who haswon an honorable fame by the use of a wise headand a strong hand. It did not appear possible, atfirst, that this could be true, but it was; and Gen.McClellan, like a patriotic citizen, transferred thecommand to his appointed successor, and went toTrenton. We think the President has done wiselyand well, in making the change; for either Gen.McClellan could not or would not do much to advancethe cases of peace, which cause can beadvanced only through vigorous action on the partof our armies. Even those who were at first inclinedto blame the President, had occasion to reconsidertheir opinion when they read Gen. Halleck'sletter to Secretary Stanton, of October 28th,in which it is made clearly apparent that the complaintsabout want of supplies, and so forth, madeby Gen. McClellan, were without foundation. It isknown, too, that Gen. McClellan did not obey theorders be received from Gen. Halleck, his superiorofficer, thus making himself liable to the gravestcharge that can be preferred against a soldier, andfor being guilty of which greater soldiers than hehave been severely punished. There is differenceof opinion as to the reason why Gen. McClellanalways failed either to defeat the enemy or to followup victory. Some think that he was "playing agame," and that he did not wish to inflict such adefeat on the Southrous as should place them at themercy of the North, and that he believed mildtreatment would bring the "wayward sisters" backinto the Union, one of these days. This, we suspect,will be found a piece of refining to which theGeneral is not equal. The better opinion is, thathe has done his best, and that his best is bad indeed.He has been thought profound simply because he isshallow. As his conduct was not consistent withthe object of his appointment, and as his integrityhad never been called in question, men came to theconclusion that his purpose was so deep that it couldnot be fathomed by ordinary minds. All this was adelusion. The General's character is a commonone, and the cause of his peculiar conduct is to beseen on the surface of things. He did badly becausehe could not do well. He is a common-placeman, who was elevated by circumstances to a pstfor which he had no qualification beyond that ofpreparing armies for the field. He was frightenedby the gigantic shadow of his own reputation; and,knowing that he could not justify his countrymen'sextraordinary expectations, he has ever been opposedto active operations. He would have been ahappier man had he never been elevated above therank of General of Division. His fellow-citizensare as much to blame for what has happened as heis, for they would have it that he was another Napoleon,and drowned all attempts at criticism on hischaracter and conduct in roars of laughter or of indignation.Not to accept the new military gospelaccording to St. George, was to expose oneself toinsult and to denunciation. The new leader wasaffectionately called "Little Mac," and he hasturned out to resemble much the Mack of Ulm.That he meant well by his country, cannot bedoubted; but as he has not a particle of that kindof ability which his country requires in the commanderof her principal army, his goodness foundexpression only in intention. He failed within avery few weeks after he became, though unofficially,the chief military man at Washington. Had hebeen removed the day after the blundering Ball'sBluff business, either the war would now have beenover, or it would have worn a very different facefrom that which it now presents to an unadmiringworld. Yet, if government had then removed him,how the country would have protested against itsaction! The country had its way, and it has thesatisfaction of knowing that it pure based the luxuryat the cost of the expenditure of an hundred thousandmen, and of at least three hundred milliondollars. "Little Mac" was to have a trial, andmost sorely has he tried men's patience. It may bedoubted whether it is good policy to expend so muchblood and gold merely to ascertain when a manis or is not a Young Napoleon,—and a vary youngone, too.—Boston Traveller.  Boston Traveller. 
