 The Union exiles who have escaped from the terrorsof Rebeldom, held a meeting in Cooper Institute,New York, which was attended by a vast assemblageof people. The principal speakers were Hon. A.J.Hamilton, of Texas, T.J. Boynton, of Florida, Rev.W.B. Carter, of Tennessee, and Rev. Mr. Hoye, ofMississippi. Mr. Hamilton scouted the idea that peace wouldbe secured by compromise. He said:— "The Southern Union men spurn all such offers ofcompromise as I do here to-night; they spurn thesympathy of man who proposes to relieve them bytendering the olive branch. Adore all, I do notwant the aid and sympathy of a man who thinksthat the war must be carried on in such a way asstill to preserve the cause of the war. How thenare we Abolitionists? I intend to contribute myhumble efforts to pull Slavery up by the last roots.[Cheers, loud and continued.] I know that Slaverymust perish in order that Liberty may survive.[Great applause.] I know that the manacles mustfall from the fettered limbs of the black race on thiscontinent, in order that the white man may not bemanacled. We, therefore, again spurn the sympathyof any man who talks about the Union as it was,if he means to say that we are to go back to the conditionthat preceded this Revolution. This will notbe the Union our fathers intended it to be, until thecause of this Rebellion has been swept from the land.[Cheers.] You may imagine from this that I havesome idea that the President's Proclamation is apretty good thing. [Applause.] If there has beenone solitary step taken in the right direction by thePresident, it is the issuing of the Proclamation ofEmancipation." [Tremendous applause.] Rev. W.B. Carter, of East Tennessee, was thenext speaker. In the course of his speech he said: Being a slaveholder himself, he could have remainedSouth by staining his soul with treason—[applause]—but G forbid that he or his childrenshould ever be victims to that! He did sometimeslike to hit the copper-heads. [Cheers.] He hatedthe serpent whenever he saw it, North and South.[Applause.] While he hated treason South, he hatedtreason North, for while there might be some apologyfor it South, there was not the least shadow ofapology for it North. He wished to remind the editorsof New York, and he did it for a practical purpose,that of all the helps which secession received inthe South two-years ago, none was greater than thatfrom a certain class of the Northern press. ["Herald!""Herald!" "Express!"] Mr. Carter continued:You know them better than I do, gentlemen.In those papers we found the very arguments whichSouthern Rebels use against us. What was the characterof those arguments? Eternally prating aboutSouthern rights and Northern aggressions. Andthat is what your papers are doing now. I beg theseeditors, for the sake of our common country, for thesake of the weeping and perishing thousands of loyalmen in the South, to cease traducing their own Government,and to sustain that Government. I wantthese editors and these confounded politicians to tellme what rights I have lost. Did you ever see them?Did you ever here them? Did you ever taste them?Did you ever smell them? [Laughter.] If any ofthese Northern men have found any of my lost rights,I wish they would return them. I am conscious ofhaving lost rights, but not through my government,but through this accursed Southern Confederacy.[Applause.] I have lost the right of seeing my wifeand little children. I have lost the right of abidingbeneath my own vine and fig tree. I short, I havelost the right to be in my own country a freshman.I will tell you how to give me back those rights.Crush the accursed Rebellion against the Government."  Herald! Herald! Express! Mr. T.J. Boynton, of Fluoride, followed in a stirringspeech. He said:— In this struggle I am for no party—rather Iam for that party or that organization or that manwho shows most energy in the prosecution of warlikemeasurers, who gives the hardest blows and dealsheaviest and oftenest. [Applause.] I am againstthe party which forgets the perils of the nation,and strives for personal and party aggrandizement;and which having sent its brethren into the field tobe decimated by Rebel bullets from the front, nowfling after them the poisoned arrows of a worse thanParthian retreat by talk of compromises and conventions.I cannot enough impress upon you the follyof half measures. The shortest way to the and ofthe matter is through and over quagmires. A goodrule for voting is, "for the man the Rebels hate theworst." The difference between a rebel and ananti-coercionist or a conventionist is not measurable.Things which are equal to the same thing are equalto each other. [Applause.] Courage will vanishfrom the hearts and strength from the arms whichsupport the rebellion just in proportion as they seethat uncompromising Union men are supported andelected in the loyal section. I have no words toexpress my contempt for the man who proposes, inany event, to let the Rebels go. Let Secession go!ay, go—down to hell, and say, I sent the thither, inthe language I would recommend. [Applause.]—Just a word about the Proclamation. We accept itas the conclusion of the inscrutable, irrefragable, andinexorable logic of events. [Applause.] We wouldguard the Constitution, and to do so most effectuallywe would save the nation. Does not the spirit ofthe Constitution abide in the body of the nation?Do the souls remain on earth after the bodies aredead? Save the nation if you would save the Constitution.Has the President shown haste to exercisedoubtful powers? Did he not for a long timepropose to save the Government and Slavery too?Does he not now propose to do so if the Rebels willlay down their arms? Is it not lawful to save thenation at any expense? Is there any phrase in theConstitution which can be tortured into the intendmentthat Rebels in the field, is it less so to kick fromunder them the prop which feeds and clothes themin the field? Save the nation Rev. Mr. Hoye, of Mississippi, who has sufferedgreat persecution, also spoke with great earnestness,and having given an interesting narrative of his sufferingsand escape, he said:— I appear before you, as your President has said,from the repudiating State of Mississippi. I will tellyou how I got here; I came on the underground railroad.[Cheers.] I was seized by the rebels, heavilyironed, and placed with eighty others in a Southerndungeon. I remarked to General Jordan that I hadheard that iron was scarce in the South, but theyhad given me a large supply of it [Laughter.] Mycrime was, that I had used seditious language, or, asthey were it there, I had tallied Union tells. WhileI was in that prison, numbers of us were led out shot. At first they supplied coffins for those whoWere shot, but the great number of executions preventedthe supply of coffins; so they dug a hole inthe ground, and made them sit-down on the brink ofthe hole, and these was a certain number of soldierswho advanced, and fired three balls into the brainand three into the heart; and this was the mode ofexecution. I was to be suspended between heavenand earth as an arch-traitor, because on various occasionI had expressed my sentiments fully. I hadcharge of churches when the rebellion broke out,and I had preached a sermon in which I had toldmy people to oppose the rebellion by talking againstit, by writing against it, and, if necessary, by fightingagainst it. I was incarcerated; in company witha friend, I made an attempt to escape; my friendgot away, but I was re-arrested. They sent afterme with BLOODNOUNDS—yes, BLOODNOUNDS; theyhunt the Union troops now with those animals. Thesecond time I was more successful; I went off in asouth-went direction, opposite from my home, in orderto escape the bloodhounds, and I did not leave asingle article of clothing, through fear that theywould get my scent. I knew that, if I got away by outof the town of Tupelo, which was surrounded bythe rebel camps, I could get aid from Union men.My fellow-prisoners labored all day to get my chainsin such a condition that they could be slipped off. Ihad to carry the iron bands with me till I could getamong friends.  yes, theyhunt the Union troops now with those animals. After I escaped, I was compelled to live mostlyupon green corn and bad water; and when I reachedthe Union lines, I was in the condition of a skeleton,and I have not got over it; my constitution was hatered—and all this far being a Union man. Somedays after my escape, I was compelled to go to ahouse; I was becoming very faint, and it requiredperhaps an hour to go a quarter of a mile; I wentto one house, and I noticed that there were someslaves about it. I went away, knowing that, wherethere were slaves, the masters are Secessimists. Imight as soon have walked into Tupelo. If I couldhave seen the slaves alone, I would have trusted myselfwith them. I found another house where therewere no slaves. The man was a man of herculeanframe, and I said, in the course of conversation, thatthe Yankees were overrunning all the country, andevery man that was able to fight was needed in thearmy, and asked why wasn't he there? His wifegave me her mind very freely. She said he was notthere, and he wasn't going there, and she gave heropinion of the Conscription law. Then I told themmy condition, and they gave me food. I never likedcorn-bread very much, but the corn-bread that theyset before me was the sweetest morsel that I evertasted. A chicken was killed, and I devoured nearlythe whole; and while I was sitting eating, I hearda little girl in an adjoining room say that she hadbeen able to get only a wing, and that I was a horseto eat. I must not name this man; it would drawupon him the persecutions of the traitors. He saidthat he did not know the route to Rienzi, but heknew a man who did, and who would show me. Heconcealed me in a thicket, and brought this man tome. The man said: "I'll do all I can to get youto the Union lines; you most go to that house in thedistance, and stay all day. I would like to have youin my family, but it might get out. I've a largefamily, and most of 'em are ga, and ye know galswill talk." [Laughter and applause.] That maynot be true of the New York "gals," but it is trueof them down there. I thought this a sufficient excuse.At night he came with two horses, and conductedme to a point eight miles distant, to hisbrother-in-law's, and be asked him to conduct me tothe Union lines. His brother-in-law was a Unionman; he bitterly denounced Secessionists. He toldme, while there, that there was a gentleman by thename of Newman who "talked Union talk," as theycalled it—told of his love and devotion for the Union.The cavalry went and arrested him, and there wasa difference of opinion among them; some wore infavor of shooting him, and some were in favor ofhanging him; but they finally got scalding water, andscalded him to death. [Sensation.] Then they hungup the body, and put a label on it, saying that anyman who took down the corpse should be served inthe same way. My friend and his friends took himdown and buried him, and in after time there willbe a monument raised to his virtues. My friendsconducted me to the Union lines.  and all this far being a Union man. knowing that, wherethere were slaves, the masters are Secessimists.  they finally got scalding water, andscalded him to death. I had travelled before only during the night, butwe had to travelled during the day, because there wasa great storm, and it was dangerous to cross to Tallahatchieduring the night. At a place called Davis'sMill, we found five or six rebel soldiers; they inquiredwhere we came from. He said we were inhunt of oxen, and asked them if they had seen ablack ox and a pied ox. They had not. They saidI looked as though I had had the fever and ague fora year. He told them that I had come from Alabama,and my folks thought I was almost gone ofconsumption. This satisfied them, although it wasnot strictly in accordance with the rules of veracity.When I got in sight of the Star Spangled Banner,my feelings may be more readily imagined than described. Now, I will say a few words in answer to questionsthat have been asked me since I came North. Withregard to this Proclamation, about which we haveheard so much, I believe it is right, and for thesereasons: When I was among the soldiers of the Rebelarmy, I found that they employed slaves. Theyhad slaves at sappers and miners, at cooks, as teamters,as artisans, in the blacksmith's shop, smokingswords and knives to cut the throats of the Uniontroops, and all this by compulsion; and I think itstrange indeed if we should not divert this labor fromthat channel. [Great applause.] They do not objectto it, and why should we! Another reasonwhy I think this slave labor should be diverted isthis: Tallahatchie County, Miss., has but 55O voters,and it sends 600 soldiers to the Rebel army. Theyhave 15,000 or 20,000 slaves, and these slaves are atwork in the fields, producing the hog and the hominyof which you have heard so much. If theseslaves were liberated, these 600 men would be compelled,almost to a man, to go home to produce thathog and hominy which is necessary to the support ofthemselves and their families. I am asked if I believethat this proclamation can be carried out. Yes,I believe it can be carried out, just so sure and justso long as negroes have legs, [Laughter and applause.]For they will escape to the Union lines atevery opportunity. They came into the Union lineslong ago, but they learned it was the policy of theGovernment not to receive them. It was opposedto the views of the Generals, and Gen. Nelson, andGen. Wood, and Gen. Amman, have tied up negroes,and whipped them, and sent them back. ThisI have known to be the case, and have  to be thecase. One of these has gone so his reward. I stating things now that I knew to be true; chat Ihave seen with my eyes. Theyhad slaves at sappers and miners, at cooks, as teamters,as artisans, in the blacksmith's shop, smokingswords and knives to cut the throats of the Uniontroops They do not objectto it, and why should we! have tied up negroes,and whipped them, and sent them back. ThisI have known to be the case, and have  to be thecase.   We are others asked this question: "Will the slavesmake good soldiers? Are they sufficiently intelligent?"Let me tell you that the slaves are mere intelligentthan the poor whites in the South. Why, I a house not three months ago and therewas a lady knowing so-- of  letters,and I remarked, by way of passing the , as I waswaiting for her husband, that there was the pictureof the Presidents. "Yes," said she; "them's thepicters of the Presidents, and some of 'em must begettin' mighty old by this time, if they ain't dead."[Prolonged laughter.] I remarked, in addition, thatthat one at the head was General Washington."Yes," said she. "I've heern of him ever since Iwas a gal; I wonder if he's deed yet?" I told herthat I had seen an account of his death in the papers.[Continued laughter.] There were two familiesin Tishamingo County who were going to move,one to Texas and the other to Arkansas; but thewife of the Texas man wanted to go to Arkansasand the wife of the Arkansas man wanted to go toTexas. The men were out hunting one day, andwere thinking about it, and at last they agreed thatto trade would be good plan. As I am relatingthe matter just as it occurred, I shall have to relatethe express words: One of the women was old, andthe other was young. "Neow," said one. "if youhad an old mar', and I had a young filly, you wouldn'twant to trade even, would ye?" [Great laughter.]The other agreed with him, and so they compromisedthe matter by the one who possessed the old wifegiving a double-barreled shot-gun, and eighteen dollarsto boot. He paid the eighteen dollars, however,in coonskins, and things of that sort. Now, this isthe condition of the poor whites in that vicinity.The slaveholders rule them. slaves are mere intelligentthan the poor whites in the South.      Then, again, there is the question about whetherthe negroes will fight against their masters is or not.The negroes are a very kind people, and they arepossessed of a very great deal of piety—indeed, Ibelieve that the real piety of the South it ensconced inthe bosom of the slave population of that country—andthey would not wish to destroy their masters, howeverthey might abuse them or whip them. Butevery man in the South is not the master of everyspecific negro in the South; that negro would notfight against his master, but be would fight againstevery other master in the South. I have relativesin the South; I unfortunately have three brothers-in-law,officers in the rebel army. If I knew I wasaiming at one of them, I would not shoot; but Iwould fight willingly, and if, in fighting, I shouldkill one of them, I should do it with a good conscience. Ibelieve that the real piety of the South it ensconced inthe bosom of the slave population of that country I have been asked—Will there be insurrections?I may not, as long as the negroes can run away; solong at they can run and find protection, there will beno insurrections. But there is great alarm in theSouth, through fear that there will be insurrections.I attended the Synod of Mississippi in October lastat Natchez, and I was told that fifteen negroes hadbeen hanged there for fear of insurrection. Otherssaid it was not true, and that they were hangedupon irresponsible statements of irresponsible persons.While I was in Macon last Summer, six negroeswere executed, and one was burned in thestreets. solong at they can run and find protection, there will beno insurrections. one was burned in thestreets. When I was at that Presbyterian Synod. I preachedto a large congregation of slaves; it was thelargest congregation I ever spoke to in my life, withthis exception. With one exception, that of theminister who sat beside me, they were all slaves, yetone third of them were whiter than I am; so that slaveryis not confined to color, because you often  red-hairedand blue-eyed slaves. Another question is,will they come North? I would reply to this, thatif freedom is proclaimed South, they will not comeNorth, because they love freedom, but they hate slavery.They would prefer to go South. I saw a certainsuggestion in the papers to give them the Stateof Florida. I was glad to see it; let them have thatbeautiful territory of Ponce do Leon, so graphicallyalluded to. If, however, they come North, I haveno objection; I have lived among negroes, and canagain, but let that matter be decided hereafter. yetone third of them were whiter than I am slaveryis not confined to color, because you often  red-hairedand blue-eyed slaves.  They would prefer to go South. The causes of the Rebellion have been set forth;I need not say anything in regard to that. The onlyother question I have been asked is this: Will therebe harmony of feeling between the Southern andNorthern States hereafter? I any there will not solong as this institution of slavery exists. [Loud applause.]But let that institution be eradicated, andthere is no obstacle to harmony. Parson Brownlow, in a resent speech at GrandRapids, Michigan, made the following allusion tothe Emancipation Proclamation:— I am here to-day for the purpose of endorsingLincoln's Emancipation Proclamation, (applause.)for this reason—that it will unite the North; andyou haven't been united and rebels have; becausethe rebels have no principle at stake; and whenyou put them to the wall, they intended to haveissued a proclamation of universal emancipation,and than demanded the protection of England andFrance; and I am glad that Old Abe has taken thewind out of their sails. (Applause.) Slavery is agone-up institution. This war will make it so.There cannot be a man with a thimble-full of brains,(Laughter,) who does not know that it will put downthe institution of slavery. They will go down. Ican better illustrate it by giving a homely anecdotefrom the West. Two of my neighbors went outbunting, and one of them took a dog; and be hadn'tgone far when be found a skunk. He ran the skunkinto a hollow log. He was ignorant of the propertiesof the essence pedler. He soon had to evacuate.The other neighbor came up, and from thestate of the atmosphere knew how matters stood.Said he, 'Neighbor, have you killed it?' 'Killedthe devil! Let the d—d thing alone, and is willstink itself to death.' (Laughter.) By the time thiswar is over, slavery will have stunk itself to death. He also directed a shaft at the sympathizers withrebellion in the Northern States. "I am ashamed, mortified , that while thisis the spirit of the rebellion all over  South, ofmurder and destructions, I find a set of men, bornand educated here in the North, owning propertyhere, so mean, so unpatriotic, so God-forsaken heaven-daringhell-deserving, and so infernally contemptibleas to sympathize with this infernal rebellion. Ifthere is a Northern citizen is this audience whosympathizes with this rebellion, permit me to say toyou that you are a thousand times meaner, dirtier,uglier and more rascally than any Southern secessioniston earth. You are complaining about thewar tax, complaining against some of our Generals,and you should he taken out by  of thesesoldiers and role on a ce-rail until you are dead.If I owed the devil a debt, and had given him mybend to pay him a  of the meanest men to befound, I would turn over to him twelve Northernsympathizes, and get a big pos from the oldfollow.       Such is the voice of the Union exiles from the rebellionsSouth; such is their testimony as to the of removing the causes of the Rebellion andto the justice and propriety of the president's proclamation;such are their earnest appeals for the vigorousprosecution of the war against Treason; suchtheir earnest rema against and half-way .     
