 There is no use in denying that the removal ofGen. McClellan from the post he has so long and soinefficiently filled, has caused a feeling of reliefthroughout the loyal States, while in many quartersit is received with undisguised joy. While the convictionthat McClellan is "an auger that won'tbare" had long been growing upon many of hiss, who failed for some reason to find it out inthe disastrous campaigns of last year, the recentdevelopments of his criminal tardiness must haveopened the eyes of all such men, and have giventhem opinions coincident with the strongest opposersof the do-nothings. No man, unless he be willfullyignorant, can at the present day stand up as a defenderof George B. McClellan. The fact that theGeneral-in-Chief has testified that McClellan hasbeen repeatedly and inexcusably disobedient to ordersshould and does settle the question. Althoughthis does net comprehend the whole of the blacklist of delinquencies which the history that his friendsso much covet will lay to his charge, it is doubtlessthe immediate reason of his disgrace, as it is a fulland sufficient one. Those who are so foolish as toattempt to make a martyr oat of each material andunder such circumstances, should know that theonly thing now to be regretted is that the removaldid not take place twelve months ago, before thousandsof our men had been needlessly slaughteredand millions of treasure wasted. Every paper inthe country which had the good of the station intelligentlyat heart then demanded it, but the counselsof the pro-slavery democracy prevailed, and McClellanwas retained—at what a dreadful cost wecan now judge. The man who supposes he willever again be given the command of the army ofthe Potomac is even more brainless than the deposedGeneral himself.  A paper which assumes to be the leading Republicanjournal of Western Massachusetts thinks that"it should be enough to satisfy the most inveteratemalice that he (McClellan) has been removed anddegraded just at the moment when be had broughthis re-organized and enthusiastic army almost faceto face with the enemy, with the expectation of winningthe decisive victory of the campaign." Graciousheavens! How many more lives are to be sacrificedby imbecility and incompetency before this "decisivevictory," which McClellan has been about towin ever since the unlucky day he was placed incommand, shall be gained? Manassas, Yorktown,the peninsula battles, and Antietam, it was promisedshould all be "decisive" victories; and who doesnot know that for the little progress made duringthe past year in the suppression of the rebellion, nothanks are due George B. McClellan? Republican with the expectation of winningthe decisive victory of the campaign. We have heard a great deal from certain quarterson the importance of supporting the Administration,and we would like to know if the abovequoted paragraph tends very strongly that way.The McClellan question has been a question uponwhich men have taken very decided grounds, andupon which there has been much strong feeling. Nowthat the men, of all in the country best qualified tojudge, have given an unmistakable opinion, everyloyalist should acquiesce, and support the Administrationin the removal of Gen. McClellan, as wellas in every other measure calculated to bring thewar speedily and honorably to a termination. Butwhat shall we think of a paper which, after repeatedinjunctions to others to "stand by the government,prints articles, the only influence of which(if they have any influence) must be to foster discontentwith the well-considered decisions of theAdministration? What shall we think of a paperwhich tells of McClellan's "enthusiastic army,"when there is the best of testimony that since thebattle of Antietam, his soldiers have lost confidencein him?—and which prate of the "moderate malice"of those who manifest joy that our army is atlast rid of its greatest obstacle to success, while itevidently regrets it,—and all in the fare of its ownassertion, that "if Gen. Halleck's statement touchingthis matter of supplies is correct, [which it doesnot presume to question,] Gen. McClellan is undoubtedlyconvicted of incompetency for his command,or, unworthiness to hold it"!—NorthamptonFree Press. undoubtedly unworthiness to hold it"!—NorthamptonFree Press. 
