 The Boston correspondent of the New York Tribunethus wrote to that paper a short time since: Tribune As I have alluded to the Webster statue, let mesay that we are walting for a fair day in order tohave Mr. Everett's eulogy repeated, in front of theState House, where seats have been provided for6,000 persons. The Legislature has once heard it,even tramping though the mud from the StateHouse to the Music Hall for the purpose; but theyare eager to hear it again. But not even Mr.Everett's finely-turned periods and finished style ofelocution can make people satisfied with the statue,as a work of art or as a likeness. And there areplenty of growls from the Abolitionists. The Liberatorsays the statue must be removed, but I don'tthink it will be, unless there shall be danger of disunion,in which case Mr. Everett gives us reason tobelieve that it will 'descend from its pedestal tostand in the front rank of the peril.' Be sure, ifit ever does this, it will never get back again. Theidea of relying upon Mr. Webster or his brazenimage for aid in time of peril is very indicrous.There is nothing heroic in his history, as in the historyof John and Samuel and John Quincy Adams,who were true representatives of Massachusettscharacter. It is disgraceful to the State that thisprominence should be given to a man not a native ofthe State, and who, whatever may have been hisability and his early services on the right side of thepolitical questions of the day, betrayed the people herepresented in his last days, and cast his great influenceinto the scale of oppression. But 'complimentaryflunkeyism' is the order of the day. Agreat part of the time of many leading Republicansis taken up in burning incense under the noses ofliving Hunkers, or tramping about in processions inhonor of dead ones. My friend Sourkront, who desiresto check this tendency, has handed me a copyof an oration upon Mr. Webster, which he is readyto deliver if requested. I dare not quote the wholeof it, and I fear you will think what I do give youis of a sacrilegious character! He says—the blasphemer: Liberator 'Daniel Webster was born in New Hampshire,from which place, having been starved out by hiscreditors in early life, he came to Boston, where hewas owned for 30 years by a few corporations, who,then lading him damaged and expensive to keep,sold him for $50,000 to a New York Company, whosoon put him off to the Slave Power for a promise ofthe Presidency. The last purchaser, having got thearticle, did not pay the consideration, and therebeing no means of enforcing the contract either inthe Federal or State Courts, Mr. Webster retired toMarshfield, where, having "act" and on Mr. Winthrop,he died, and was buried with great pomp.He was then duly canonized by Mr. Everett, and hisstatue by Powers, an execrable caricature, was notup in the State House yard, causing much speculationamong the members of the General Courtwhether it was meant for Pericles, Pompey's Pillar,or the Razor Strap Man in a mood of rapt contemplation;or if it in Webster, whether it is Daniel,Noah, or the Professor. Opinions differ. A respectabletailor attracts good custom by advertisingthat he did not make the pantaloons on this statue.Mr. Webster was a good lawyer, a moderate of hislife an orator. From this latter complaint howeverowing to full feeding be recovered. His privatelife was adorned with some virtues. He was afirst rate judge of chowder, the English classics, andold otard. He was an expert fisherman (thoughtimid in a boat), a poor shot, and had the bet hogin Plymouth County. He attended church withconsiderable regularity, and his respect for theMethodist clergy as great. He hated a lean exam,an unfilled can, and Abbott Lawrence. He lovedbrook trout, Peter Harvey, and his county. Heleft to his family a splendid legacy of unpaid debts,and a sincere love of good-lookingman. Powers to the contrary notwithstanding.The great army and innumerable company ofAmerican insolvents will continue through all timeto hail him as their august apostle , an will treasurehis memory and copy his example with affectionatefidelity and respect. To all good little boys, andPresidential aspirants, the chief lesson of his life is,Ours Thyself.' he Ours Thyself. Thus far Sourkrowt. I do not indorse him. Onthe contrary, I am shocked, as you will be, by hisirreverence. But, taking his estimate and Mr.Everett's together, you will obtain a very accurateview of the character of the man whose effigy wehave just set up and consecrated. 
