 As the fame of this distinguished man has beenrapidly waning since his decease, his admires, wemight say his worshippers, are making a strenuousand desperate effort to keep alive his memory a littlelonger. They have placed a statue of him on thegrounds of the Massachusetts State House at Boston,which has thus become the property of the State. But the heart of the mass of the people is not inthe work, and effort will be made to have thestatue removed, which it is quite likely will be successful.The people are asking why so distinguishedan honor should be conferred upon him. Whatdid he accomplish in his life, especially the lastyears of it, that he should now be ranked among thefew raze worthies that the country has produced?What great bold, decisive mark did he make uponhis age? What great, lasting good for mankinddid he achieve? He made great speeches. He said some goodthings in his palmy days. He spoke eloquentlyagainst the foreign slave trade, using the boldestimagery to depict its horrors; and had he died them,he would have left an imperishable name and fame;but he afterwards took back his noble words whenhe faltered and sustained a law which allowed thevictims of the slave traffic or their descendants, tobe hunted down and returned to that hell of slaveryfrom which they had escaped. He councalled the people to conquer their prejudices,dies, (i.e. their love of humanity.) and perform'with alacrity' the 'disagreeable duty' of turningslave hunters when called upon. Is such a manworthy to be honored as a saint, a patriot, or a hero?No, and the effort to embalm his memory in theheart of mankind will be unavailing. His sun wentdown in a cloud, and it cannot now be cleared away.There is not lime enough in all the quarries in theworld to whitewash his character to that degree ofexcellence which his friends claim for him. duty The acts which tarnished his fame near the closeof his life cannot now be washed away or atonedfor. They were done coolly, deliberately, withoutexcuse, grossly outraging the common sense of thepeople. He sneered at the anti-slavery movement,stigmatizing it as a rub-a-dub agitation. He malignedthe purest-minded men and women of thecountry. His last for power was his controllingprinciple. The Union was worth more to him thanliberty. What was the moral character of Mr. Webster?It did not come up to the average. He was notoriouslya debauchee. He served certain interests, andreceived therefor immense sums of money. He workedwhere he was best paid. His profession wouldnot support him, though he received enormous feesfor his services. He died a bankrupt. We are toldthat we should forgive men their errors. This weare ready to do when the peccadilloes are triflingand unimportant; but when giant wrong is done bygiant minds involving liberty and happiness, forgivenessis not so easy a virtue. The people of New Hampshire have been solicitedto contribute money for the purchase pf a costlyportrait of her 'illustrious son,' to be placed in theState House at Concord. We believe they can makea better investment. What meritorious acts did heperform for the States? He might have honored herin his youth, but he dishonored her in his age.When he might have won undying fame he wentafter the gods of place and power, and reaped a harvestof disappointment. His friends may try to upholdhis name by getting up monuments and pictures,but as for going in such hollow pageantry, wecan't and we won't!—Milford, (N.H.) Republican. can't won't Milford N.H. Republican. 
