 A friend in Boston sends as for publication thefollowing extract of a private letter from THEODOREPARKER, dated at Montroux, Switzerland, Sept. 12.It will be read with much satisfaction by his numerousfriends. However his body may have been affectedby disease, his mind would seem to have lostnothing of its viger.—Anti-Slavery Standard. HEODORE ARKER Anti-Slavery Standard. 'Wendell Phillips has written a brave letter tothe Chief Justice of Massachusetts, and the Presidentof Harvard University. He makes a strongcase against the Judge, whose function is to executethe laws, and who decided that a place for the saleof liquor was a nuisance by statute, or liable tothe common law of nuisance, and so might be obatedby any body who would. obated What a fuss the Bostonians have made about'Saint Rufus'! How differently they treat HORACEMANN! But I am glad to hear that twenty thousanddollars have been raised for his family. I careless for the monument. I don't like such thingsmuch, and, when I die, want only an old-fashionedblue slate grave-stone, with my name and appropriatedates, to cost three or four dollars. I shouldhate to be buried under a great mass of stones. NoPresident of the United States since Madison, perhapsnone since Jefferson, ever did such service to thenation as HORACE MANN, either officially or privately.I wonder man don't look and inquire, first,what a man has been, and, second, what he hasdone, before they make such a fuss over his deadbody. ORACE ANN blue ORACE ANN That statue of Webster in the yard of the State-House,what a disgrace it is to the State! If Ihad been Governor, I would have vetoed the bill forputting it there, although it turned me out of officethe next day. But we will give it 'notice to quit'before long. This winter, fifty towns will petitionfor its removal; and next year, 230. A committeewill have the matter in charge, and hear the petitioners.Wendell Phillips and others will go upand show cause for ejectment. The statue debases the people. Thus the characterof Daniel Webster must be discussed snow, andthe dead not be allowed to rest. How foolish arehis friends, to provoke this discussion about so questionablea reputation! That great ugly piece ofcanvass in Faneuil Hall, which the friends of Websterput up there long ago, will, by and by, be seaside,and the Adamses will come back to their oldplaces. I wish I could have preached a sermon on HORACEMANN. He had faults, which were as obvious ashis great tall forehead and his magnificent virtues.It was a grand life he lived, devoted to the highestinterests of mankind, and he died faithful tohis principle, and altogether triumphant. ORACE ANN. I should also like to have preached the funeralsermon of JOHN AUGUSTUS, a truly remarkable man,living in comparative obscurity, and never wishingor asking any fame. He came to me, a day or twobefore I left America, as full of his special philanthropyas a broker's head is of stocks. I have nomore respect for more intellectual greatness than Ihave for more bulk and muscles and bones. I ask,what use did the man make of his head or his arms?It does me good to find such a man as JOHN AUGUSTUS—such woman as Matilda Goddard and DorotheaDix of America, and Florence Nightingale and MaryCarpenter of England. I thank God, and takecourage. OHN UGUSTUS OHN UGUSTUS My ecclesiastical brother, Henry W. Bellows,D.D., complains of the 'SUSPENSE OF FAITH,' whichhe says is characteristic of these times! Poor man!it is only faith in ecclesiastical blow-bags that issuspended. Faith, or FIFTY, the love of God andMorality, the keeping of God's natural laws, is notsuspended, and never will be. But, alas! whenneither the American Church, nor any other, hasover had much 'faith' in that form of religionwhich consists in pisty and morality. suspended But better times are coming—that is, good menand women are making better times—and even badmen help the work, while they mean no such thing.Thus the Fugitive Slave Bill turns out an Anti-Slaverymeasure, moving the North as nothing beforehad done: so does the Kansas-Nebraska Bill;so the Drad Scott decision. The revival of the slavetrade, which has already taken place, will create anopen anti-slavery political party in the South,which, like the Republican party, will go throughchanges like a caterpillar, and come out wingedand handsome as a butterly at the end. 'Nothingby leaps,' everything goes step by step, and weslope up to the tallest heights. It is curious thatprogress is never in a straight line, for any lengthof time; there are windings and windings, andcurvings backward, but still the general course ison and up!' good men women making on up 
