 From the (Washington) States. From the Washington States. In our issue of Monday, we published a petition,which is industriously and extensively circulatedin Massachusetts, to the Senate and House of Representativesof that Commonwealth, praying forthe removal from the State-House grounds of thestatue of Daniel Webster. This statue was placedthere only a few weeks since, and is represented bycompetent judges to be one of the finest specimens ofmodern art—an ornament and an honor, in view ofits world-renowned original, to the capital in whichit stands. Its removal is desired, as the petition alleges, becauseMr. Webster's last years were spent in defendingthe Fugitive Slave Bill, and whose lastcounsel to the Commonwealth was, to conquer herprejudices against slave-hunting and bondage 'withalacrity'! Where is fanaticism to find a stopping-place inMassachusetts, if it can proceed with impunitybeyond the disgraceful demonstration? It mightwith just as much propriety petition for the demolitionof the Bunker Hill Monument as for the removalof the estate of Mr. Webster, for theassigned; or even for the demolition of the incompleteWashington Monument in the metropolis. How far this wild spirit of abolition has takenpossession of the citizens of Massachusetts we haveno means, at present, of ascertaining. We shallnot be surprised, however—from the antecedents ofthe citizens of that State, such as sending Sumnerand Wilson to the Senate, and an entire delegationof Sewardites to the House, together with the elevationof Banks to the gubernatorial chair,—if itshall be found sufficiently potent to accomplish itsdisgraceful purpose. Such movements are disgraceful auguries as concernsthe future of the Union. They indicate, in amanner not to be misunderstood by the most ordinaryobserver, that then is no abiding militant sentimentof patriotism in the communities in whichthey are either countenanced or sustained. Theyan in direct antagonism to the Constitution andthe laws of the land, and an exploited by the advanceguard of Sewardism. exploited While then an as true men in Massachusetts asthen are in Virginia, it is nevertheless certain thatthis venerable Commonwealth is rotten to the coreas concerns devotion to our system of government.But instead of manifesting the slightest penitenceenormous political sins, she revels in herguilt, and seems to employ all her energies in makingherself as infamous as it is possible for her todo by the most skilful human contrivances. Herretrogradation to the most intolerant fanaticismwhich marked her early colonial history can certainlynot be at a great distance from the goal at whichshe has been resolutely aiming. 
