 It is rumored that an effort is being made inNew England to get the signatures of ministersand others to a paper, endorsing the policy of theTract administration in the subject of slavery.As we have not yet seen the document, we cannotspeak particularly of its contents. But we wish tosay a word of this method of forestalling publicopinion by an array of names. It is a fundamentalidea of the congregational polity, and thesame idea enters into all voluntary societies, thatthe decision of any question affecting the interestsof the body, shall be by a vote of the majority,after a free, full, and fair discussion. Howoften have churches been rent with divisions andanimosities which have been well nigh incurable,by the effect of a few signatures privately obtained,which serve as the nucleus of an organized faction,forestalling the beneficial results of free discussion,mutual exhortation, and united prayerfor Divine guidance The attempt to determine a grave questiontouching the policy of a voluntary society by theagency of a secret caucus, and to bar inquiry anddiscussion by manifesto and memorials, is foreignto the genius of new England and the congregationalsystem. Such a movement as that now referred to, is initself a confession of weakness. Why do not theprudential committee of the American board sendout agents to get the names of persons who approveof the course of Dr. Anderson in India, inadvance of all inquiry and discussion by theBoard; such a course would excite only suspicionand ridicule; and yet doubtless many would unthinkinglysign such an endorsement of the Deputation. A manifesto on behalf of the Tract Administrationwould amount to nothing in regard to thequestion at issue. No array of names can putdown inquiry and discussion as to the studied silenceof the tract committee on the horrors of thedomestic slave-trade, while they are not silent aspollutions of tobacco. No number of signaturesto such a document can constitute an expansionof the society itself upon that point. Thatcan be reached only by a vote taken after a freepublic discussion. Any attempt to evade that issuesavors of political finesse, and should be promptlydiscountenanced by all who desire fair and manlydeadly dealing in the affairs of benevolent societies.  When we remember how many good people inNew England signed an endorsement of Mr. Webster'sseventh of March speech, who afterwardswere eager to purge themselves of that act by signingan Anti-Nebraska petition, and when we callto mind the embarrassment that good men havesometimes experienced by finding themselves in-inadvertentlycommitted to a course which theirjudgment did not approve, we feel that we may bedoing a kindness to many by advising them to readand ponder with care any document they may beasked to sign, to take nothing upon trust, and especiallyto be sure that they know just what use isto be made of their names by those who solicitthem ostensibly for a good and pious cause. 
