 sectionalism, that is the word. sound it, it, halloo is to the four winds of heaven. Ring itbut right roundly. If it will do no more, it willscare crows, and overpower gulls, withal. sectionalism  'Resolved by the general Assembly of the state ofGeorgis that opposition to the principles of the by the people of Georgia as hostility to the peopleof the South, and that all persons who partake is suchsuch opposition  to be recognized as componentsparts of any party or organization not hostile to thesouth.' Resolved by the general Assembly of the state ofGeorgis   This resolution was passed unanimously by branches of the last Legislature of Georgia. TheNorth are old, and every party in the north arehold, that it is a sectional thing, a thing hostileto the people of the south, to oppose the principleof the Nebraska bill.porter of the ordinance of 1787, was opposed tothat principle; he was, therefore, a sectional markclay, the abettor and eulogist of the compromiseof 1820, was therefore a sectional man. Websterwhose, to the day of his death, was theno slaveholding territory should be admitted intothis Union, was therefore a sectional man. Whobrightest names all down through our politicalannals, from the first day of the Republic, are to be held in dishonor, as belonging tosectional men. Now, do the south  believethat the North are to be dra hateabjuration of principles—any such resolution ofthe men and the memories of the past! Is thereto be a new order of things, and must every Northernman purge himself from hostility to the Southby taking oath to support, not the Constitution ofthe united states, in its old-fashioned acceptationbut this new-fangled Nebraska bill, this yester-bornprinciple of squatter sovereignty. Dothese southern cades really imagine they are going'to dress the common wealth, and turn it, andact a new nap upon it. Are there any at thenorth weak enough to suppose this to be a realwork of union-saving is it not palpably the mostpresumptuous of all sectional presumptions!—apiece of sectional arbitrariness, to be frowned uponand repelled by all truly national men, not bentunder, or in any way encouraged unanimously    sectional mark    
