 We intended to give some of the proceedings atthe usual traitors' meeting at Framingham, in order toshow that none of the old and vile spirit is extinct,though the burning of the Constitution was this yearomitted. This, we infer, was for the same reason(besides the fact that it might not have been endured)which induces Wendell Phillips to call himselfa "Union man." The "old Union" he thinksis dissolved, and a new anti-slavery one established;and in the same way, the traitors who annually gatherat Framingham consider the Constitution, whichis shortly to rise up in vengeance against them, is abrogatedand gone. the usual traitors' meeting at Framingham the old and vile spirit traitors vengeance But we omit these proceedings, though our reporterhas furnished them, because, although the treasonwas there, it spoke with a somewhat slender note—Mr. Phillips being absent, Mr. Garrison as good as"played out," and the other performers being of noaccount. although the treasonwas there For precisely the same reason, we decline to recordthe ridiculous, and shameful at ridiculous, speechesof Judge Washburn and some others to the civicdinner at Faneuil Hall. They were of the same tenorwith the speeches of the small traitors at Framingham.But to think that men should be willing to makesuch inconceivable spectacles of themselves is marvellousand pitiable. Of Garrison and his crazycrew, we expect nothing better. They live in a little,narrow world of their own, in which they have the ridiculous, and shameful at ridiculous, speechesof Judge Washburn and some others to the civicdinner at Faneuil Hall. They were of the same tenorwith the speeches of the small traitors at Framingham. his crazycrew —"Fed on poisons, till they have no power,But are a kind off nutriment"  Of men like Judge Washburn, connected with theliberal pursuits of a University, and himself an instructorof youth, better things might at least havebeen hoped, than to be just as foolish and just as traitorousas the silly fanatics at Framingham. Andthere were others of less general account, who tookup the same strain, and made out of a national celebration,as well as they could, something no betterthan what they will find before long was a very untimelyabolition orgie. And this, too, in the veryagony of a civil war. We may well ask whethersuch men have either heads or hearts.—Boston Courier. just as foolish and just as traitorousas the silly fanatics at Framingham. very untimelyabolition orgie. whethersuch men have either heads or hearts.—Boston Courier. 
