 Resolutions adopted at a semi-treasonable, pro-slaveryDemocratic Mass Meeting, held at Cooper Institute,New York, on Tuesday evening, July 1st, 1862,under the auspices of Fernando Wood & Co.:— Resolved, 1. That in the present crisis, when ourbeloved country is involved in civil war and thefoundations of our Constitution are in danger of beingoverthrown, it is the duty of every Americancitizen, laying aside all prejudices and attachments,whether of party or locality, to devote his energies,his fortune, and if need be, his life, to the preservations,the defence, and the perpetuity of the American Union(Applause.) 2. That is considering the dangers which immediatelythreaten the Union, we find two fallacies attemptingto accomplish the work of destruction.The one being that of secession culminating in therebellion of Southern citizen, who by force of armshave attached the glorious fabric which our fatherserected: the other being that of Abolition, (loudhisses)which has induced Northern disunionists todeclare their enmity to the Constitution, that nobleinstrument which is the holy bond of brotherhood ofAmericans. 3. That while the Government is engaged in thework of suppressing the first-named class of foes tothe union, it is our duty as citizens to sustain ourGovernment and defend it from all enemies at homeand abroad; and that in this national emergency,banishing all feelings of mere passion or resentment,we should recollect only our duty to the whole country;that this war should not be waged on our partin any spirit of oppression, or for any purpose ofconquest or subjugation, or of overthrowing or interferingwith the rights or established institutions ofStates, but to defend and maintain the supremacyof the Constitution, and to preserve the Union, withall the dignity, equality, and rights of the severalStates unimpaired; and as soon as these objects areaccomplished the war ought to cease. (Cheers.) 4. That, in dealing with the other class of foes tothe Union, it becomes every citizen to bear in mindthe advice of the fathers. Obeying the sage commandsof Washington, they should remember thatthe union is the main pillar of our real independence,the support of our tranquility at home, ourpeace abroad, our safety, our prosperity, our liberty.(Applause) That as this is the point in our politicalfortress against which the batteries of internaland external enemies will be most constantly and actively(often covertly and insidiously) directed, weshould cherish a cordial, habitual, and immovable attachmentto it, accustoming ourselves to think andspeak of it as the palladium of our political safetyand prosperity, watching for its preservation withjealous anxiety, discountenancing whatever maysuggest even a suspicion that it can in any event beabandoned, and frowning upon the first dawning ofany attempt to alienate any portion of our countryfrom the rest, or to enfeeble the sacred ties whichnow link together the various parts. (Cheers.)That toward preservation of our Government itis requisites not only that we discountenance irregularopposition to its acknowledged authority, suchas is now exhibited at the South, and has been, exhibitedat the North in personal liberty bills andother unconstitutional legislation, but also that weresist with care the spirit of innovation upon itsprinciples, however specious the pretext. (Applause.)That in the doctrine of leading Radicalpoliticians, newspapers and orators, that Secessionordinances are operative to destroy the Union(great and prolonged applause), we recognize aninnovation on those principles, which has been characterizedby a member of the Cabinet as tending toaid and abet Southern Confederates, and whichis designed to be hostile to the Union. That in theplanes of Emancipation League, composed of certaindistinguished radical leaders of the Republicanparty, to exclude from the Union all States which donot abolish slavery, we see an attack upon the AmericanUnion. That in the proposition to erect a warpower above the Constitution, for the purpose ofabolishing slavery by its means, we find anotherplan to take away the rights of American citizens.That in all plans and schemes of radicalism wecan see no patriotism, no loyalty, no honesty, butthat they are clearly, though insidiously, designedequally with plans of the Southern disunionists,to overthrow the Constitution and erect in its placea new government, on principles of tyranny overthose who differ from majorities in views of right.(Cheers.) 5. That to such measures of the Administrationas may be consonant with the Constitution, we willat all times yield a hearty support; that the promptaction of the President in revoking the proclamationsof certain abolition Generals should receive the approbationof all the conservative, Union-loving citizens,from whom our government derives its chief support,in men and means to carry on the war; and thatthe continual pressing of the negro question uponthe attention of the country, and the constant attemptsin Congress and elsewhere, to connect theabolition of slavery with the work of the army, is aninsult to our brave and gallant brothers—(immensecheering)—in the field for the Union and the Constitution,and for no other cause. 6. That the soldiers comprising the armies of theunion have merited the nation's thanks—("That'sso")—and will deserve a nation s care, and upontheir victorious return we will meet them with rejoicingpraises; and should they fall in the cause, wewill build monuments to their memories, while theirwives and children shall be a precious legacy to betenderly cared for, as the objects of the nation'sguardianship. That we tender our hearty thanksto the leaders of the two great armies of the Eastand west, to Gen. Geo. B. McClellan—(greatapplause: three cheers.—Calls of "Abraham Lincoln."Hisses, and "Put him out")—for the skill andability which planned the campaigns, and for that calmself-possession which he has exhibited under the baseattack of abolitionists, while he has himself bravelyfought for enemy under great obstacles, and to Gen.Halleck for his brilliant successes; that our armiesare not enlisted in any other cause than that of theConstitution and the Union; and that the allegationsof the Abolitionists, that the soldiers of NewYork or of country are fighting for negro freedomor negro quality, dishonors as good and bravemen as the sun ever shone upon. 7. That this is a Government of white men (greatapplause); and was established exclusively for thewhite race; that the negro race are not entitled toand ought not to be admitted (cheers) to politicalor social equality which the white race, but that it isour duty to treat them with kindness and considerationas an inferior and dependent race; that theright of the several States to determine the positionand duties of the race is a sovereign right, and thepledges of the Constitution requires us, as loyal citizens,not to interfere therewith. (Cheers.) 8. That the wholesale extravagance, the plunderingby contractors ("good"), the waste of means,which it also indirectly a waste of blood and life("good"), which have é so frequently appeared inthe conduct of the war, as exposed by Committeesof Congress, Committees on claims, and in otherways, tending to national bankruptcy and individualimpoverishment, demand our profound condemnation,and that the people, already burdened enormously,yet willing to bear all necessary burdensfor the Union's sake, do nevertheless demand in theloudest tones that their life-blood shall not be drainedin this manner, for the benefit of infamous robbersof the nation, who profess so loudly to be thedefenders of the country, but whose attachment isas deadly as that of that vampire.(Great applause.) 9. Resolved, (Laughter and applause,) That theUnion as it was, is the Union of Washington and ofthe Fathers; the Union which has made America illustriousamong nations; the Union which wasthe most beneficent Government known to man.(Cheers.) That the Constitution as it is, is thehope of the nation, adhering to and protected bywhich, we shall be again free, happy and glorious;departing from and destroying which, we shall beleft with only the ruins of a great nation around us,out of which no man can prophesy any new Union,or construct any better Constitution. That, believingin these principles, and praying for the guidanceand blessing of God on our efforts, we, the representativesof various political parties, and of all classesand employments and professions, do solemnly reäffirmour allegiance to the Constitution as it is, andpledge our lives, our fortunes, and our honors to thecause of the Union as it was. (Loud and long continuedapplause.) Resolved 
