 To the Editor of the N. Y. Tribune. To the Editor of the N. Y. Tribune. SIR—A great deal has been said lately of the intelligenceand usefulness of the "contrabands," andI wish to add my testimony to that of others onthat score, and also say a word as to the return that ismade them for their services. In Virginia andNorth Carolina, for the past year, I have had opportunitiesof observing large numbers of "contraband"negroes, and my respect for the black race has beengreatly increased thereby. As a staff officer I havefrequently had occasion to obtain information of variouskinds, relating to the roads, navigation, position,defense of the enemy &c., and I have invariablyfound that obtained from the negroes to be mosttrustworthy. Nor is the cause of this in their willingnessto give information alone; there is a ready witand quickness of observation about them whichmany of their masters seem to lack. IR and I have invariablyfound that obtained from the negroes to be mosttrustworthy. I cannot think that, the negro is capable of immediatecultivation equal to that of the white race, butthat they are capable of a much higher cultivationthan is generally believed, I am convinced. Theyhave a strong desire to learn, which will sometimessurmount the greatest obstacles. Thus, they keepeyes and ears open to all that is going on aroundthem, and in this way often learn much that is notintended for them to know. I know several negro girls in Newbern, who havetaught themselves to read and write in spite of thelaw. Strange and improbable as the statement mayseem, it is nevertheless, true, and I shall, I think, besustained by every man who has observed them,when I say that the slaves who have come into ourcamps here, are, to every appearance, far more intelligentthan the "poor whites." I can accountfor this in no other way, except it be true that thesuperior race, when degraded, sinks below the inferior,and no one who has not been among them canknow how miserable is the mental condition of thepoor white man of the Sooth. When slavery shallhave gone, it will not be the negro alone who has beenemancipated. Much is said of the "white slaves"of the North, but their condition is so far superior tothe white slaves of the Sooth as to be beyond comparison.In the South, education is monopolized bythe few, as capital is in the North. It is this, then,that makes the ignorant slave often appear superiorin intelligence to his master. In the operations of the Union armies, the contrabandshave been of almost inestimable value. Theyhave obtained important information when whitemen could not; they have acted as spies whenwhite men could not be hired to risk their necks. Daring the operations against Fort Macon, it wasfound that the negroes were altogether the best andmost trustworthy pilots about the harbor, and fewharbors are more difficult of navigation than that ofBeaufort, N. C. It was necessary to send a steamerinto Bogue Sound to transport the guns and mortarsacross to our siege batteries. To get here then, itwas necessary to run by the fort at night and atflood tide. This was a perilous undertaking, for thesteamer once aground, she would have been lost; thereceding tide would have left her high on the shoal,and entirely at the mercy of the fort when daylightmade her visible. No white man could be foundwilling to act as pilot; $300 was offered to the manwho should take her by the fort safely. The manwho did take her through without an accident, renderingGovernment a service equal to thousands ofdollars, has never received a cent for his service,nor did he expect anything but his freedom. AN OFFICER. Newbern, N. C., June 3, 1862. 
