 If Gen. Hunter had not shown himself, before,entirely unsuited to take active part in a contest,the honest purpose of which was merely the suppressionof rebellion, in order to open the way for thereturn of the revolted States to their allegiance, hisimpertinent and wrong-headed letter, published yesterday,will convince all unprejudiced minds of the fact. honest impertinent and wrong-headed letter Perhaps, if his letter had been written before thelate repulse of our troops on James Island, the tone ofit would have been considerably modified, nor wouldthe officer who now writes to confidently of organizingforty or fifty regiments of blacks," by the end of nextfall," in a region where as yet he has raised but one,have felt so very sure of the success of his ridiculous,shameful, and degrading experiment. Long beforeeven the beginning of next fall, in our opinion, theproject which this conceited and arrogant officer,—the tool of others, who have already had ample occasionto discover their mistake,—has attempted, willhave been utterly exploded. If the free white citizensof this country cannot, by their own force andenergies, recover their imperiled institutions,—Godforbid that they should be so besotted as to imaginethat anything worth recovering, upholding or maintaining,in the guise of civil and religious liberty,can result from calling such legions as Gen. Hunterproposes to their aid! his ridiculous,shameful, and degrading experiment. this conceited and arrogant officer But, upon reading; the letter of this officer to theSecretary of War, the tone and manner of it are convincingto the fact, that he thinks himself addressinga willing mind. Gen. Hunter writes as if he feltfully confident that all he sees fit to say was expectedof him, and that he would be fully sustained inthe position he has undertaken to occupy. Howthis may prove, we have yet to be informed. Sofar, he has apparently acted upon a policy which, itis well known, has had a couple of sympathizers andcollateral aiders among Mr. Lincoln's Secretaries.While Mr. Stanton has furnished to the negro recruitsguns, "braided jackets and baggy red trousers,"Mr. Chase has sent primers, horn-books,strong-minded women, and weak-minded men,—all inthe expectation of making something out of the negroeswhich Providence never intended, or, at least,through this philanthropic instrumentality, of workingout a political problem for their own individualbenefit. But politicians, misled by selfish views, areproverbially short-sighted; and these gentlemen,like others, were not sagacious enough to see that assoon at the negro-game was turned into earnest, itwas practically played, out—a fact which will beforced upon the convictions of Messrs. Chase, Stantonand Hunter.—Boston Courier. strong-minded women, and weak-minded men which Providence never intended Boston Courier. 
