 The following communication from a clergymanwill give great satisfaction to many minds. Uponsuch a statement as is furnished by our correspondent,we may reckon confidently for a vast religious,moral and political improvement in New England: "Certain criticisms from your correspondents, andsome editorials of your own during and since Anniversaryweek, upon the spoutings of abolition ministers,Haven, Manning, Neale and others, have seemedto me timely and just; but I think there is an errorin supposing that ministers of all denominations inNew England, except the Roman Catholic and Episcopalian,are like the above-named gentlemen ofthe Methodist, Orthodox and Baptist orders. "Pacificus"remarks upon the truly heathen spirit whichseems to animate the great body of the New EnglandCongregational clergy, but he evidentlyjudges the whole by a few. Various denominationsare congregational in their church governments, andmay therefore be included in your correspondent'sdesignation; certainly, then are as rabid fanaticson the slavery question among the ministers of someof them as any one could reasonably desire. I have the satisfaction of stating from extensivePersonal knowledge, that the Congregational clergyof New England at the present time, among thosewho are called Orthodox, are in general quietlypursuing their pastoral and pulpit duties withoutmeddling with political affairs, save an occasional allusionto the war, which, in common with all loyalcitizens, they wish prosecuted with the almost vigoruntil the rebellion is effectually put down. Mr.Manning, in his remarks at the Grimes meeting andthat of the Church Anti-Slavery society, merelyrepresented his own narrow and bigoted views,seemingly discharging a great deal of bile upon theNew York National Tract Society, the New YorkObserver and the Boston Courier. His remarks maywell be characterized by your correspondent asheathenish, and could only come from a man with aheart in a very diseased condition. Let him bearhis own sins, but don't inflict a chastisement on thewhole denomination to which he belongs. I wassurprised to notice the radical sentiments of Rev.Mr. Haven, of the Methodist church, who is in privatelife so calm and gentlemanly in deportment.Dr. Neale, although more guarded than the otherspeakers at the Grimes meeting, showed a greatleakage in sound doctrine. Observer and the Boston Courier. My observation tells me that a very great moderationhas come over ministers since the war commenced,and that you will find the great body ofthem sound on Constitutional obligation; and I believe,that by the faithful performance of their clericalduties, they are doing much to edify the peopleand preserve the institutions of the country. Iwould that more of them took the Boston Courier,for I think your very able, sound and patrioticcourse, during this horrible civil war, would commenditself to their virtue and love of country. TheTribune and the Independent could very well bedispensed with, in order to secure the weekly BostonCourier for their perusal. Courier Tribune Independent Courier A MINISTER" —Boston Courier. 
