 NEW YORK, July 2. EW ORK To the Editor of the Boston Courier: To the Editor of the Boston Courier: There is a tide in politics, as well as in all theother affairs of men. That of abolition has had itsflood, its very spring-tide, overflowing everything inits rush, and now, thank heaven, is on its ebb. Theland it has damaged will suffer from its overflow, butwill ere long spring to life again. This fair countrywill not be ruined even by its poisonous waters.The great Union meeting of Tuesday has openedthe flood-gate for them to recede—the Empire cityhas spoken, and her voice will be heard throughoutthe North. To say the meeting at the Cooper Institutewas enthusiastic would not describe the earnestnessand patriotism that pervaded it. The philosophersof the Tribune and Post may sneer at it,as it was expected that they would; but they will invain try to stay its moral effects. With them, everyone who is not an abolitionist is a secessionist. Fortunatelyfor those they thus insult, one name is nowno worse than the other. They hang alike in thebalance of the public mind—together those whoclaim them will be annihilated, or together in onepack the base jackalls will revel on the remains ofthe country. There are now two war cries in NewYork, and the great Union mastiff is as ready topounce upon one of the brutes as upon the other.If there are two parties outside of the doomed radicals,they are those, the most violent of them, whowould hang Jeff. Davis and Sumner together, andthose who would hang Davis first, and Sumner afterwards. Tribune Post would hang Jeff. Davis and Sumner together If Sumner is re-elected to thé Senate, he may notfind it convenient to pass through this city. That hisname it odious, infamous, it not all—it is cursed andabominable! The blood of thousands sacrificed to hisambition and personal revenge cries to heaven againsthim; and if a Massachusetts Legislature can stillsupport him by its vote, those who do so will deserveto lose their children at the altar of this Moloch.Are 300,000 more men to be called upon for such asacrifice as this, or are they, despite or what fanaticallegislation has already done, to make one last effortto restore the Constitution and the Union asthey were. These are now the watchwords of thewar—the only watchwords that can fill the ranks.Men are determined that they will fight battle for abolitionno longer. They look at the mangled forms oftheir brethren at they return here, and ask—for whathave these suffered? And the speeches and enactmentsat Washington—the negro institutions at HiltonHead—the every word and thing that can besaid or done to repel an advance of the South to returnto its loyally—answer this! Rely upon it,there is another revolution at hand, and the ballot-boxesare soon to decide if it be a bloodless one ornot! he may not Men are determined that they will fight battle for abolitionno longer. They look at the mangled forms oftheir brethren at they return here, and ask—for whathave these suffered? At the great gathering on Tuesday evening, Mr.Crittenden was unable to be present, but the venerableCharles Wickliffe came in his stead, bearing theolive branch which his colleague has so long held outto his distracted country. "Who is the speaker?"cried some one from the gallery. "An old man fromKentucky, named Wickliffe," said the speaker himself,with a voice tremulous by age. It was a touchingscene, and midst the thunder of applause therefell the soft rain of tears. He who, like Crittenden,was above and beyond ambition, had journeyed hereunder a sultry sun, weary and infirm, but strong andyoung in heart, that he might spend all power thatwas left him for his country. And well did he vindicatethe fair fame of his State as he told how shehad stood for a time alone—not through fear, butthat there might be one green spot in the land,where brothers thirsting for each other's blood mightmeet and be reconciled! And when her "sacred soil" was invaded—suchsoil is sacred—how she rushed to the defence of theUnion, he left her deeds to attest. You will havereports from the newspapers of this and the otherspeeches. They were all of the same spirit, and ifthat of Mr. Brooks was somewhat severe upon PuritanNew England and the tendency of our peopleto agitate upon some one i am or another, we mustforgive him, because—well, because—it was all prettytrue. RINGBOLT. am 
