 WASHINGTON, July 2, The Secretary of Warsent the following to the House to-day:— ASHINGTON PORT ROYAL, June 28, 1862. ORT OYAL To Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War: To Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War: SIR,—I have the honor to acknowledge the receipta communication from the Adjutant Generalof the Army, dated June 13, 1862, requestingme to furnish you with the information necessary toanswer certain resolutions introduced in the Houseof Representatives, Jane 9th, on motion of Hon.Mr. Wickliffe, of Kentucky, their substance beingto inquire, 1st. whether I had organized or was organizinga regiment of fugitive slaves in this Department;2d, whether any authority had been givento me from the War Department for such organization;3d, whether I had been furnished by order ofthe War Department with clotting, uniforms, arms,equipments, &c., for such a force. IR Only having received the letter covering these inquiriesat a late hour Saturday, night, and beingobliged to urge forward my answer in time for thesteamer sailing to-day, (Monday,) this haste preventsme from entering as minutely as I could wish uponmany points of detail, such an the paramount importanceof the subject calls for. But in view of thenear termination of the present session of Congress,and the wide-spread interest which must have beenawakened by Mr. Wickliffe's resolution, I prefersending even this imperfect answer to waiting theperiod necessary for the collection of fuller and morecomprehensive data. To the first question, therefore, I reply that noregiment of fugitive slaves has been or is being organizedin this Department. There is, however, afine regiment of persons whose late masters are fugitiverebels,—men who everywhere fly before the appearanceof the National flag, leaving their servantsbehind them to shift as best they can for themselves.So far, indeed, are the loyal persons composing thisregiment from seeking to avoid the presence of theirlate owners, that they are now, one and all, workingwith remarkable industry to place themselves in aposition to join in full and effective pursuit of theirpugnacious and traitorous proprietors. To the second question I have the honor to answer,that the instructions given to Brig.-Gen. T. W.Sherman by Hon. Simon Cameron, late Secretaryof War, turned over to me by succession for myguidance, do distinctly authorize me to employ allloyal persons offering their services in defense of theUnion and for the suppression of this rebellion inany manner I might see fit, or that the circumstancesmight call for. There is no restriction as to the character or colorof the persons to be employed, or the nature of theemployment, whether civil or military, in which theirservices shall be used. I conclude, therefore, that Ihave been authorized to enlist fugitive slaves as soldiers,could any such be found in the Department.No such characters, however, have yet appearedwithin view of our most advanced pickets, the loyalslaves everywhere remaining on their plantations towelcome us, aid us and supply us with food, laborand information. It is the masters who have in many instances beenthe fugitives, running away from loyal slaves as wellas loyal soldiers, and whom we have only partiallybeen able to see with their heads over ramparts, orrifle in hand dodging behind trees in the extremedistance. In the absence of any fugitive master law the desertedslaves would be wholly without remedy, hadnot their time of treason given the right to pursue,capture and bring back these persons, of whose protectionthey have been thus suddenly bereft. To the third interrogatory, it is my painful duty toreply that I never have received any specific authorityfor issues of clothing, uniforms, arms, equipments,etc., to the troops in question, my general instructionsfrom Mr. Cameron to employ them in any mannerI might find it necessary in the military exigenciesof the Department, and the country, being myonly, but, in my judgment, sufficient justification. Neither have I had any specific authority for supplyingthose persons with shovels, spades and pick-axeswhen employing them as laborers, nor withboats and oars when using them as lightermen. Butthese are not the points indicated in Mr. Wickliffe'sresolution. To me it seemed that liberty to employmen in any particular capacity implied with it libertyalso to supply them with the necessary tools, andacting upon this fact I have clothed, equipped andarmed the only loyal regiment yet raised in SouthCarolinia. I must say, in vindication of my own conduct,that had it not been for the many other diversifiedand imperative claims on my time and attention, amuch more satisfactory result might have been hopedfor, and that in place of only one, as, at present, atleast five or six well-drilled, brave and thoroughlyacclimated regiments should by this time have beenadded to the loyal forces of the Union. The experiment of arming the blacks, so far as Ihave made it, has been a complete and even marveloussuccess. They are sober, docile, attentive andenthusiastic, displaying great natural capacity foracquiring the duties of the soldier. They are eager,beyond all things, to take the field and be led intoaction, and it is the unanimous opinion of the officerswho have bad charge of them, that in the peculiaritiesof this climate and country they will prove invaluableauxiliaries, fully equal to the similar regimentsso long and successfully used by the Britishauthorities in the West India Islands. In conclusion I would say that it is my hope, thereappearing no possibility of other reinforcements, owingto the exigencies of the campaign on the Peninsula,to have organized by the end of next fall, andto be able to present to the Government from 48,000to 50,000 of these hardy and devoted soldiers. Trusting this letter may form part of your answerto Mr. Wickliffe's resolution, I have the honor to be,most respectfully, your very obedient servant, D. HUNTER, Major General Commanding! Major General Commanding! 
