 LATE HEADQUARTERS OF GEN. FREMONT, ATE EADQUARTERS OF EN. REMONT CAMP NEAR MIDDLETOWN, June 28, 1862. AMP NEAR IDDLETOWN Thursday evening came telegraphic news to Gen.Fremont, that Major General John Pope was assigned,by the President to command the Army ofVirginia, whereof the forces under Gen. Fremontwere to constitute the first corps. That is to say,the senior Major-General of the United States Armywas reduced from the independent command of aDepartment to the command of an army corps,subordinate to a general of inferior grade, who hadbeen an insubordinate commander under him in Missouri,and is to-day his bitter personal enemy. Theorder of President Lincoln was rudely transmittedby telegraph without a word of preparation or explanation,coming in duplicate from the Secretary ofWar, and from Maj.-Gen. Pops. It overtakes himnot as the penalty of inaction or disaster, but in theprogress of a brilliant and successful campaign. Itrequires him to resign at once his Department, theindependent command of his army, his plan of campaign,and all possibility of useful service to hiscountry. Astonished by the suddenness of the demand,and desiring time for reflection and consultation,Gen. Fremont, without other reply, asked forten days' leave of absence. It was peremptorily refused.Determined, if all else mast be given up, toretain at least his honor and his own respect, he thensought to be relieved from his command, and that requestwas promptly granted. The interests of theservice, in the opinion of the President, did not permithim a brief leave of absence, but were notdeemed to be compromised by his entire withdrawalfrom duty. In accordance with the President's directions,he at once turned over the command toBrig.-Gen. Schenek, next in rank under him, andthis morning started for New York. It is not easy to realize a change of circumstancesso sudden, nor to consider them with patience.Nothing in the history of the Missouri campaign wasso unjust, so causeless, so utterly inexcusable as thislast blow. It has been my fortune to know somethingof the interior history of this campaign, andthe relations between General Fremont and the militaryauthorities at Washington. This is no hour topublish that record, or declare its character. It isenough to say that the discouragement, want of support,capricious interference, and active hostility atWashington were greater hindrances to success thanthe ingenuity and the despair of the enemy could interpose.The energy and capacity which triumphedover both are rewarded by disgrace. The publicconfidence, which pointed to Fremont as the oneGeneral entitled by his rank, his services, and hisskill to command the United States forces in Northernand Eastern Virginia, was only evidence of atoo dangerous popularity, and supplied the motive toattempt its destruction. The attempt was skillfullymade. If he retains his command under Pope, hemay be kept inactive, or hurried into disaster. Ifhe resigns, it is easy to say that his personal ambitionwas superior to his patriotism, and the nation is expectedto forget that it has been made impossible forhim to serve his country by remaining in the field;that in such circumstances, both patriotism and self-respectcompel him to retire. Information of the order was withheld until ananswer had been received to the request to be relieved.It then became necessary to issue orders tovarious officers, and the news became publicly knownat headquarters on Friday afternoon. Needless tosay that among the members of his staff, the injusticeto their loved and trusted General excited sorrowand indignation. Throughout the camp, it was notgenerally known till next morning. Desiring toavoid all demonstrations, the General arranged toleave at an early hour on Saturday. The staff wentdown to his quarters at seven; the cavalry escort,under Capt. Mathini, was drawn up in front of thehouse, and, after a brief conversation with a few officers,the General mounted, and with staff and escortrode across the fields away from the camps tothe road, and on through the town. He ha ted fora few minutes at Gen. Sigel's headquarters, andagain at Gen. Banks's, which are in the edge of thewoods some distance beyond the village. Gen.Banks came out to meet him, and the two Generalsstood a little while talking together under the treesmeeting and pasting with evident cordially. ThenGen. Fremont remounted, rode back to the road, andstopping again as he entered it, dismissed and saidgood bye to those of his staff who were not to accompanyhim. One after another his officers rodeup to their General, saluted, received his kindly andcordial farewell, and turned sadly away. With theGeneral went Col. Albert, Chief of Staff; Lieut.Col. Pilsen, Chief of Artillery; Lieut.-Col. SavageMajor Haskell and Capt. Raymond, Aides-de-Camp.Col. Zagonyi and Capt Howard are in Washington.The rest of the staff remain temporarily for duty. Headquarters have worn a gloomy look sincemorning. A few officers are gravely discussing theevents of the day Or the history of the campaign.Most of them are quietly finishing what business remainsto be done and will leave to-morrow. Theactive life and friendly intercourse and cordial spiritwhich yesterday made the camp so pleasant are oppressedby a calamity which leaves no one unaffected.With the retirement of the General the staff is scattered,and the hopes and prospects of the Summerare ended. Since the General left, I have seen and talkedwith many officers of his command. All denouncethe injustice of the removal, and deplore its influenceon the troops. These officers are not all friends ofGen. Fremont, but all agree in this feeling and opinion."A change of commanders in such circumstancesstances," said one General, " demoralizes and disheartenstroops." The inspiration of his successesof their confidence in him, and the effect of his effortsfor a more thorough discipline, are completelylost. I have had no time nor disposition to gotrough the camps for inquiry. The testimony ofsuch a number of officers is sufficient.—Correspondenceof the New York Tribune. Correspondenceof the New York Tribune. 
