 Among those who listened to the oration recentlydelivered before the Phi Beta Kappa Society of Yalecollege, by WENDELL PHILLIPS, Esq., there appearsto have been slaveholding graduate from the South,who gives vent to his grief and sufferings in the columnsof the Richmond Enquirer, as follows:— ENDELL HILLIPS Enquirer I graduated at Yale College in 1847: and, in accordancewith a time-honored custom, and onewhich does honor to human nature, I recently undertooka long and fatiguing journey, with greatconvenience to myself in regard to my pecuniaryletters, and when in the enjoyment of but feeblefaith from Tennessee to New Haven, there toact my classmates after an absence of ten years,said to renew friendships contracted in the spring-timeof my life, which can never be effaced from mymemory, and which, in my case, were certainlyunder than those contracted at any subsequentperiod. I have been looking forward to this meeting,with pleasing anticipations, for years, and haddetermined, if I possibly could, to be present.—Judge then of my deep regret, mortification anddisgust, when, on my arrival at New Haven, I learnedthat Charles Sumner had been invited to deliveran oration, nominally before the Phi Beta KappaSociety, but, in reality, before the public at large,and that, upon his declension, Wendell Phillips hadbeen invited, and had accepted. I presume thereif no doubt that the Faculty of Yale College couldhave prevented this, but they not only failed to dothat, but, so far as I am aware, never uttered oneward in opposition to it. I am informed that it wasdone principally through the instrumentality ofthe Rev. Mr. Dutton, pastor of the North Church,rendered famous, both himself and his church, byshe Sharpe's rifle meeting. In addition to this, on the night succeeding theday on which Wendell Phillips's oration was delivered,at a class supper partaken of by my class, towhich President Woolsey was invited as a specialcompliment, in consequence of our being the firstwhich graduated after he was made President, he,(President Woolsey) even on such an occasion asthat, could not refrain from expressing his hostilityso Southern Slavery: He said, that although hewas a conservative, yet he must acknowledge thathe was anti-slavery man, and that having beenhad recently in the performance of his duties as aninstructor, to examine the history of the decline ofto Roman Empire, he was satisfied, from the directedeffects of slavery he had there seen, that in futurehe would be more anti-slavery still. Notwithstanding he said that he did not suffer this subjectto be introduced in College, yet it seems strangethat he could banish it from College, and could notkeep silent on such an occasion as that, and that,to, when every one seemed desirous of avoidingthat and all other subjects that could possibly ruffleto overflowing feelings of joy naturally engenderedby the meeting of friends after ten years' sense.Not the slightest allusion to slavery wasmade during the whole evening by any one else.As for myself, I was afraid to mention the subjectat all, for fear that I should discover that someof my classmates were Black Republicans, and thatthe discovery would alter my feelings towards them. We shall now be compelled, in self-defence, todo that which we ought to have done long ago,educate our sons exclusively at Southern Colleges;and if the parents of the few Southern studentswho are now at Yale, can suffer them to remainthere now, they have different notions from myselfof what is due to self-respect. TENNESSUE. ENNESSUE. ☞Mr. PHILLIPS has since repeated his oration atProvidence, before a literary society of Brown University—eliciting the following oration from a distressedcorrespondent of the Boston Courier:— HILLIPS Courier In the afternoon, the combined literary Societieslessened to the address of Mr. Wendell Phillips onwhat he was pleased to term Education. This orationwas in one respect fine as a piece of rhetoric, andby his honied words he succeeded in removing thefind of prejudice which he evidently felt was impendingover him. But no matter how great truthsbe may have uttered in the most graceful andglowing sentences, the animus was distinctly relatedthrough all that he said, and, for one, Icould not but feel that malignity, and not verity,prompted his oration. When he spoke of the highqualifications of Everett, Pierpont, and the clergy,it was an insidious 'and they are all honorablemen,' and I doubt not if he had the power equalto his will, he would have seen them all torn topieces by an infuriated mob, while he would havemale placidly over the work of destruction. (!!) Education. animus malignity verity It was plain, there is no concealing the fact,that his whole object was to defame Edward Everett.Through it did not appear in the commencement,yet the beginning, middle and end of Mr. Phillips'smind was evidently to arouse the feelings of studentsclergy, and the usual attendants upon suchanniversaries, against the favorite son of New England,who is now so unselfishly engaged in a causenoble and so national as to call down the encomiumsof all classes. Mr. Phillips is not dead toshame, for his remarks, in regard to Mr. Everetthave been much modified in expression; as, forinstance, at the West, be recently had the exceedingindecorousness to speak of Mr. Everett as possessinga muscle in his bosom instead of a heart. But suchvirulent and wholesale attacks defeat the very endsascended. Audiences may be amused and startledfor a time by the impudence and boldness of theassaults, but no durable impression will be made,and Mr. Everett's fame and patriotic effort will livea parochial freshness, while his defamer's insidiousattempts and language will be forgotten. muscle 
