 The Republican wins; of the Constitutional Conventionof Minnesota, now in session, has, by amajority vote, disfranchised the colored people ofthe Territory. It makes a white skin an indispensablequalification for the exercise of the right ofsuffrage. Such cowardly, dastardly Republicanismis no whit better than the sham Democracy whosedespotism it decries. The Minnesota Republicancondemns this cowardice in a manly way. It says: Republican 'What do we see? A majority of the Republicandelegates to a Convention called on purpose to framean organic law for the establishment of justice, andfor securing the blessings of liberty, lose sight oftheir noble mission and their oft-repeated principles,so far as to make a man's right to self-governmentdepend on the color of his skin! And what is itfor? Why, the Tansy Democrats have appealed tothe base prejudice, born of slavery, which sneers atthe black man's manhood, and the Republicanswere too cowardly to battle with that prejudice,and so surrendered to it, and avowed their ownparticipation in it, thus bearing false witness againstthemselves, and making themselves responsible forwhat they admit to be wrong. "But the Buchaniers," it is said, "have raisedthis cry of Nigger! NIGGER! NIGGER! and wemust take the wind out of their sails"! And so,to save yourselves from defeat, did yon think it bestto go over to the enemy! Not for the world wouldyou dishonor youselves by joining the seceding minorityConvention in its council-chamber sittings;but have you not joined it in a worse sense, by steppingupon its platform of intolerance, inhumanityand oppression? Wherein can their Constitution bemore pro-slavery than yours? We fear it wouldtake a very long row of such Republicans to standup against the encroachments of Southern slavery,and restore the American government to the principlesof' 76. Nigger! IGGER It is true the people will be invited to vote on thisquestion, and are at liberty to strike out the odiousprovision; bat we cannot see that the Conventionthereby dodges the responsibility of its insertion. Honor is due to the large minority who foughtagainst this folly with all their might. Among themembers from the Eleventh District, who were trueto their principles, we obsérve the names of Bates,Messer, and Hayden; and it is probable that others,whose activity we do not know, deserve the samecredit. The first Republican Convention over held in Minnesotaincluded in its declaration of principles. "No civil disabilities on account of COLOR,BIRTH-PLACE, or RELIGIOUS BELIEF." "No civil disabilities on account of It is for the rank and file—the people—to see toit that the party does not drift away from thatland-mark of justice and true democracy. Better, athousand times, we remain in the minority, thanpurchase success by the abandonment of principle. 'We recognize no such authority in any Contention,even though it be dubbed 'Constitutional.'But we do say, that if Republicans are afraid tocommit themselves without reserve to the simpledoctrine that all men have national and equal rights,and that governments exist for the protection ofthose rights, deriving their sale powers from thecontent of the governed, the party has a spinalcomplaint which will cripple all its efforts to deliverthis land from the some of pro-slavery domination. 
