 We were somewhat surprised to hear that Rev.J.R. Johnson, pastor of the Universalist Society inMilford, had preached a discourse animadverting onthe late lecture of Mr. Garrison in the Town Hall.And still more were we surprised, on reading a reportof that discourse, in the Milford Journal of August22d, to learn that Mr. Johnson entertains the viewsand opinions therein set forth. We will briefly noticesome of these views and opinions. Journal Mr. J. is reported to have said: 'So, for liberty to the land and all the inhabitantsthereof, will the church pray and labor. For this Iam hopeful, and for this consummation so devoutly tobe wished, with my brethren I earnestly and assiduouslylabor to promote. But how is this to be done?Is it to be accomplished by casting; the pro-slaveryman and slaveholder beyond the circle of human sympathyand human regards? In listening to our radicalfriends, one would be led very naturally to thinkthat the pro-slavery portion of community should beannihilated, and instanter a community of liberty-lovingmen be created to take their places: and then slaverymight be abolished. But he thought that theprocess was to be simply this:—The slaveholder willbecome converted to free labor, because he will seemore money will be made by it. The church and theministry will become more thoroughly imbued withthe spirit of their great Teacher, and the events ofGod's providence, acting in harmony with these facts,will aid and nourish the growth of the true idea ofhuman rights—man's individual sovereignty.' Two processes for the abolition of slavery are describedin this extract; one the process of 'our radicalfriends,' Mr. Garrison and his coadjutors—theother, Mr. Johnson's approved process. The Garrisonianprocess 'is to be accomplished by castingthe pro-slavery man and slaveholder beyond the circleof human sympathy and regards'—so that thepro-slavery portion of community should be annihilated.'Now is it possible that Mr. J. understands'our radical friends' to propose any suchannihilative treatment of slaveholders and pro-slaverypeople! So far from this we have simply insistedthat slaveholders should cease to commit outrageson the sacred rights of their weaker fellow-creatures,which must be for their own good as well as that ofOthers. We rank them as capital criminals, anddesire only that they should be disfellowshipped, rebukedand restrained, just as we would have all othergreat criminals dealt with. And as to pro-slaverypeople, we simply insist that they shall cease tostand up for slaveholders as no worse than the generalityof uncriminal citizens in any country; therebykeeping them in countenance, encouraging themin their crimes, and sustaining them in their giganticwickedness. Is there anything wrong in all this?Is any injury designed against slaveholders and proslaverypeople? If all this should be done to-day,just as we insist, would anybody be injured? Wouldanybody be cast out of the pale of 'human sympathy,'and annihilated? Would not the now outragedslaves, the slaveholders, their pro-slavery accessories,the country and the human race be incomparablybetter off? Are we to recognize capitalcriminals as respectable citizens, worthy to be co-governorsof the nation, in state and church, byvoting at the polls ant in legislative assemblies;and if we will not thus recognize, but consider themmoral and political outlaws so long as they persistin their crimes, is this casting them 'beyond thecircle of human sympathies,' and annihilatingthem? If so, then there is no such thing as beingthe friends of murderers, man-stealers, robbers, andOther capital criminals, without uniting and co-actingwith them in political compacts as worthy fellows!We believe in no such doctrine. It is notfriendship towards a criminal to stand up for himas a well-enough sort of man, any more than it isgood will to the injured part of community whosewelfare he is outraging. annihilative uncriminal annihilating But what is Mr. Johnson's approved process forthe abolition of slavery? Simply this: the slaveholderwill he converted to free labor, because he willsee more money will be made by it. The church andthe ministry will become more thoroughly imbuedwith the spirit of their great Teacher, and the eventsof God's Providence, acting in harmony with thesefacts, will aid and nourish the growth of humanrights—man's individual sovereignty.' We mustconfess that this is to us a very strange and unsatisfactoryprocess to be commended by a professedminister of Christ. So long as the slaveholderthinks that more money is to be made by robbinghis weaker fellow-men of all their rights, he is tobe regarded and treated like speculators in stocks,lands, flour, etc., etc. i.e., considered respectable,and allowed to learn, by experience, thebest ways of making money! He is not a man-stealer,is he, nor a man-stealer's heir and assign! Heis only driving a bad speculation! A tolerablygood fellow, after all, only perhaps a little mistakenabout the best plan of making money! WouldMr. Johnson think so, if he and his dear ones werethe victims out of whose sinews and sensibilities themoney was being made? We trow not.' Is thisthe highest moral ground of the church and ministryin the noon of the nineteenth century? Arethey yet so little imbued as this with the spirit oftheir great Teacher'? Have the events of God'sProvidence failed to give them a sterner consciencethan this against the blackest of crimes? If not,what hope have we of their progress during thenext ten thousand years? They can see that burglars,forgers, counterfeiters and common thievesare too great criminals to tolerate, however fast forthe time being they may make money by their,crimes; but slaveholders and their accessories,though trampling outrageously on the most sacredrights of millions, are passably good citizens!—These are to be sympathized with, and treated withrespectful consideration, until they become convertedto free labor by being convinced that more moneycan be made by it? We had understood, heretofore,that Mr. Johnson was an Anti-Slavery man. Butif this is really his position, and he shall act consistentlywith it, we are sure that the most inveterateslaveholders will tolerate him as liberally as he doesthem; leaving the events of God's Providence, orthe experiences of business, to determine, in everyman's case, whether most, money is to be made byoutrageous plunder, or voluntary exchange of equivalents.Some slaveholders, however, might possiblymake the 'almighty dollar' of secondary account,and hold on to the patriarchal institution forthe sake of other advantages or gratifications affordedby it, But it is presumed that if they were allowedto retain their present standing in good society,they would not complain. For this matter ofretaining a respectable standing in society is themain point, after all. Even money-makers andpleasure-takers of the most unscrupulous sort arevery anxious to be deemed respectable in society, sothat they can stand, like our slaveholders, high inits civil and political, if not in its ecclesiasticaltrusts. They do not like to be reckoned in the categoryof felons. The unpardonable sin of the Garrisoningis, that they doggedly persist in denouncingslaveholders as capital felons, and in chargingall pro-slavery people, in church and state, with beingthe accessories of felons. But if all this can besmothered down as infidelity and treason, and antislaveryresolved into mere opposition to the unprofitablenessof the peculiar institution, then the wholecontroversy will become perfectly harmless. Theproc and the antics can amicable differ on the commonplane of social and political good fellowship;and all parties will retain their hitherto respectability;and above all, the church will have ampletime to become so thoroughly imbued with the spiritit of Christ as to feel that man-stealers, their heirsand assigns, are no more fit for religious or civil societythan the smaller follow they now treat as outlaws!This last is 'a consummation devoutly tobe wished.' Simply this: the slaveholderwill he converted to free labor, because he willsee more money will be made by it. infidelity treason unprofitableness proc antics man-stealers, their heirsand assigns But we proceed to remark, that Mr. Johnson, inother parts of the some discourse, professes and elativecredit for a kind of anti-slavery quite inconsistentwith the more ANTI-PROFIT one just considered. 'I know, said the speaker, that the Old SchoolPresbyterians and the Episcopal church, to a greatextent, are open to the charge of being pro-slavery,As ecclesiastical bodies, they have always taken astand against anti-slavery movements, and some oftheir D.D.'s have uttered sentiments on the subjectof slavery perfectly diabolical. No one can utter hisabhorrence of such men and their opinions in toostrong or too caustic terms.' We should life to know what the Old SchoolPresbyterians, Episcopalians, or anybody else, haveever said or done contrary to Mr. Johnson's processfor abolishing slavery. Have they ever objected tothe slaveholder's being converted by the simple convincementthat slavery is unprofitable, and abolishingit because more money can be nude by freelabor? We think not. The most ultra slaveholdersask only to be let alone, that they may manageslavery In their own way, make it profitable if theycan, and give it up when they are fully convincedthat they can do better. So all the pro-slaverymen, whether in politics of religion, say. 'Let theslaveholders alone. Religion has nothing to do withslavery per se; neither have political parties. It isa mere pecuniary and social question, which theslaveholders alone have the right to settle in theirown time and way.' Is not this exactly accordingto Mr. Johnson's process? Why then does be censurethe Old School Presbyterians, Episcopalian,etc.? Have they not done the right and wise thingin keeping clear of this agitation; i. e., if his processbe the true one? Plainly they have. Nevertheless,he calls some of their sentiments 'perfectlydiabolical,' and says, 'No one can utter his abhorrenceof such men and their opinion in too strongor too caustic terms.' How so? What abhorrencedo they deserve? Wherein have they zinced?—Hare is something to be explained. per se; his Again, Mr. Johnson refers to the protest of thethree thousand clergyman against the repeal of theMissouri Compromise, as a great anti-slavery testimonypreeminently commendable in itself, and powerfulin its effect. But if his own process for abolishingslavery be the true one, that protest was anobjectionable proceeding. It thrust religion andmorals into a question which was merely pecuniaryand political. This is just what Senator Douglassand the Democratic politicians all complained ofand denounced. 'This,' said they, 'is a merequestion of dollars and cents, and of secular politic.If the slaveholders think they can make slaveryprofitable in Kansas, give them a lair chance withtheir Northern brethren to try it. They will findout what is their interest. Give them an open fieldand fair play. They have a right to this. Butyou, clergymen, rush in with uplifted hands to staythe proceeding, as if some sacrilegious act, somegreat wickedness was about to be committed.'—Douglass told them that they were meddling withmatters which they did not understand—to go abouttheir own business, and not tease statesmen andpoliticians with religious interference in mere secularaffairs. If slavery is to be abolished simply bythe slaveholders finding out how to make the mostmoney, Douglass was right, and the ministers werewrong. They should either have been silent, or onlypublished arguments addressed to the slaveholders,demonstrating that free labor is more profitable thanslave labor,—respectfully leaving them to considerand decide the matter for themselves. But it is idle to play see-saw. Slave holding is acrime per se, or no crime. If a crime at all, it isone of the greatest that can be committed by man,and must be dealt with accordingly—no matter howmuch money can be made by it; the more the worse—just as in robbery, piracy, forgery, counterfeitingand swindling. Do professed Christians, moralists,and civilians ever think of leaving robbers', pirates,forgers, counterfeiters, swindlers, etc., to be convertedby finding out that more money may be madein an honest calling? Never. Why 'then theslaveholder? They can only do so by assuming thatslaveholding is not a crime per se. And on thatground slaveholding is not against religion, morality,or civil order, any more than land-holding or cattle-holding.If so, no man has a right to direct thebatteries of religion, morality or the civil lawagainst it. It raises only questions of social, pecuniaryand political expediency. In that view, theowner of a thousand slaves is necessarily no worsethan the owner of a thousand cattle. Nay more,the African slave-trader is necessarily none the worsefor his calling. For, if the demand is justifiable, sois the supply. It is useless to attempt to sit on twostools in this case. Slaveholding is a great crime,or it is no crime at all. If the former, we mustgive it no quarter, either in church or state. If thelatter, we must not presume to assail it, on religiousor moral grounds, at all. It is to be meddled withonly as a matter of pecuniary, social and secularinterest. Every man ought to settle for himself,first of all, whether slaveholding be, or be not, aGREAT CRIME, and then act accordingly. per se not per se. be not Garrison has taken his position, and hews astraight line through whatever opposes, without respectof institutions, persons, places or times. Ifthe church and ministry are assailed by his blows,he can do them no final harm. Because, if he isright in the main, his blows will ultimately correctthem; if wrong, those blows will be but a temporaryannoyance to them, whilst permanently injuriousto his own cause. If they an truly foundedon the rock Christ Jesus, the gates of hell cannotprevail against them. If not, they will certainly,sooner or later, come to nought, whoever may applaudor condemn.—Practical Christie. Practical Christie. 
