 The American Tract Society, we observe, hasopened a department of French Confectionery. Thisnew branch of evangelical labor deserves a word ofnotice. The Tract House in Nassau street, as someof our city readers may know, embraces four eligiblestories, one of which is occupied by the Societyitself, as a depository and sales-room, while the threeothers are annually rented, and yield a handsomerevenue to the Society's Treasury. One of thosestories has just been rented by the officers of theSociety, and is now open as a liquor-shop, under thename of a French Confectionery. We seldom gointo the depositary, and have never been into theconfectionery, but we learn a thing or two from theadvertisements in both windows. Printed bills, onone side, show us 'what Evangelical Christianaapprove; a and printed cards, on the other side,show as what, we presume, Evangelical Christiana whorelish:—for there are 'Evangelical Christiana who'relish' what they don't 'approve.' One the oneside we have evangelical tracts, and on the otherevangelical liquors. On the one side we see advertised,'Bible arguments for Temperance;' and onthe other, 'Choice Wines, Liquors and Cigars;'in one window, 'Kittredge's Address on the Firstof Ardent Spirits,' and in the other, the FrenchConfectioners invitation first to 'try the spirit,' andthen see what the 'effects' are in one store theSociety exhibits 'The Manufacture of Ardent Spirits,'and in the other it carries on the vending ofthe same. We one on the right hand, 'Sewellagainst Intemperance,' and on the left we might,see the same Sewell on a bender. On the one sideare the 'Debates of Conscience on the use of ArdentSpirits,' and on the other, we see these 'debates'practically decided. One window alleges;'Four Reasons against the Use of Alcoholic Liqueur,which the other window explains to mean, first,'Schiedam Schnapps,' second, 'Lemonade withStates,' 'London Cordial, 'and fourth,' BrandyGum-Drops.' On the one hand, like a writing onthe well, we see 'The Rewards of Drunkenness'and on the their the impetrations though whichis fat annual rents from confectionery dramshops.From one side we hear a warning 'Sign the Pledge,'and from the other an invitation the 'gin-slings.'In one car we hear 'Set down that Glass,' and inthe other Philadelphia lager beer;' in one car'Don't Unchain the Tiger,' and in the other PleasantSummer Drinks.' On one side the Tract Societyannounce One Glass More,' and on the other theygo in and take it. liquor-shop are  But there are other tracts on other subjects inthe Tract Society's window. For instance, there isone 'A Strange Thing;' and there is another'Will it Ever be Known?' Then there is also'The Bold Blasphemer,' and a companion-piece'The Necessity of Repentance.' In addition to the above, there are two other conspicuoustracts, one of which the Tract Society itselfshould read without delay, while the othershould be given to its French Confectioner; they are'The Fatal Mistake,' and To a Retailer in ArdentSpirits.' In the meantime perhaps there is need, ofanother 'Committee of Investigation' to inquireinto the constitutionality of the new office of FrenchConfectioner to the American Tract Society. 
