 Whereas, it must be obvious be all that theAmerican Union is constantly becoming more andmore divided, by Slavery, into two distinct and antagonisticnations, between whom harmony is impossible,and even ordinary intercourse is becomingdangerous; And, whereas, Slavery has new gained entire controlover, the three branches of our National Government,Executive, Judiciary, and Legislative; hasso Congress to establish freedom even in the territories,and by the same process has removed all legalprotection from a large portion of the people of thefree States, and has inflicted, at many times andplaces, outrages far greater than those which ourfathers rose in arms to repel; And, whereas, there seems no probability that thefuture will, in these respects, be different from thelast, under existing State relations; The undersigned respectfully invite their fellow citizensof the Free States to meet in Convention, atCLEVELAND, (Ohio,) on WEDNESDAY and THURSDAY,October 28th and 29th, 1857, to consider thepracticability, probability and expediency of a separationof the Free and Slave Sates, and to takeeach other measures as the condition of the timesmay require. EDNESDAY HURSDAY ☞The Committee, to whom, the duty of makingall necessary arrangements for this Convention wasentrusted, have decided upon CONVELAND, (Ohio,) asthe place, and WEDNESDAY and THURSDAY, October28th and 29th, as the time for holding it. The list ofsigners of the Cell is not yet completed; and a fewdays longer will be allowed, to enable these who meanto have their names enrolled, and have not yet doneso, to execute their purpose. ONVELAND EDNESDAY HURSDAY Several thousand names here been received, althoughno systematic measures whatsoever hare beentaken to procure signatures. Unquestionably, by avery little effort, many thousands mere might easily beobtained. Thus far, Ohio sends the largest number;and it is due to her, especially on account of her geographicalposition, and the insolent attempts of theSlave Power to decorate her soil and humble her inthe dust, to hold the Convention at the central pointalready designated—namely, CLEVELAND. We shallexpect a strong attendance from the Western Reserve. LEVELAND. New England, as yet, is behind the West in theinterest manifested in the Convention, judging fromthe number of those who have signed the Call; yet,in preparation of mind to give it a strong support, wedoubt not she takes the lead. But there has been astrange remissness, on the part of our Anti-Slaveryfriends, in regard to procuring signatures to the Call—as, for distance, in such places as Providence, (R.I.,)Salem, Lowell, Newburyport, New Bedford, Plymonth,(Mass.,) Portsmouth, (N.H.,) Portland andBangor, (Me.,) &C., &C. We know of scores of prominentAbolitionists, who have not yet recorded theirnames, simply because they have allowed the matterto pass out of their minds. Will they not, forthwith,signify to the Secretary, JOSEPH A. HOWLAND, atWorcester, their wish to be included in the list ofsigners? If they need to be urged to attend to sosimple a duty, what can be expected of those whomake far less of anti-slavery pretension than themselves?By an active improvement of the time yetremaining, the number of signers can easily be augmentedto ten thousand. Send in he names! OSEPH OWLAND Send in he names! The necessity for a Dissolution of the present blood-cementedUnion with the South, if the North wouldstand erect and free, and give the death-blow to thehateful slave system, is becoming more and more apparentto all reflecting minds. Every hour it is allowedto exist,' witnesses new machinations end fresh encroachmentson the part of the Slave Power, to establishits omnipresent and omnipotent sway over thewhole country, to the extinction of all the principlesof freedom, and the subversion of all free institutions.No greater treason to the cause of Liberty can becommitted than to stand by such a Union. See how the chains of Southern mastery and overanerism,usurpation and, tyranny, are strengthening,day by day! First, read the pregnant Letter of Pres.Buchanan to Prof. Silliman and other eminent citizensof Connecticut, with regard to Kansas! See how hedares to proclaim the Free State settlers of that territoryto be no part of the people, (though constitutingnine-tenths of all the bona fide inhabitants,) and tobrand them as actuated by a treasonable spirit, becausethey will not recognize, as binding upon them,a government and laws imposed upon them by invadingbandits from the Southern States! bona fide Mark his threat to bring the whole military powerof the Federal Government to exterminate them, ifneed be, in case they refuse to bow the neck and bendthe knee! Observe, too, his insulting reference tothe Hartford Convention—as if them were the remotestanalogy between the two cases! Falsehood, insolenceand consummate hypocrisy constitute the'warp and woof' of his entire Letter; yet it will beapplauded and endorsed by the servile minions of theAdministration, from one end of the country to theother—the slave-mongers and cradle-plunderers leadingoff in shouts of satanic exultation! The most intolerableportion of it is that where its slavery-riddenauthor prates about having the approbation of hisconscience, [the conscience of an unscrupulous demagogue,]and of his God, [a slaveholding demon,] andsanctimoniously talks about placing his trust in DivineProvidence, to enable him 'to do equal justiceto all portions of the Union'! In the annals of humandissembling, what can surpass this? Simultaneous with the appearance of this ominousLetter comes the intelligence from Kansas, that,at a recent convention of the Free State party, it wasresolved to waive all their scruples, and to participatein the October election, along with the border ruffians,relying upon Gov. Walker's promise' of fair play atthe polls! Robinson, Lane, Pomeroy, all have atlast 'caved in'! 'Put not your trust in prisons,' orpoliticians! Further—it is announced that Judge BENJAMIN R.CURTIS hell resigned his seat on the bench of the SupremeCourt of the United States. His plea is, a wishto attend to his private and pecuniary matters; butthere is no doubt that such a pressure has been broughtto bear upon him, in consequence of his able and uprightdecision in the Dead Scott case, that he cannotstand under it, and he ignobly beats a retreat. It isrumored that either Touchy of Consentient, Cashingof Massachusetts, or Clifford of Maine, will be his successor—either of them being as traitorous to the rightsand interests of the North, and as servile a tool toperform all their mandates, as the alder oligarchy candesire. ENJAMIN URTIS A venerable statements of this Commonwealth washeard to denounce, in the strongest language, JudgeCurtin's resignation, as on act of most capable devertionof his post and duty, to which he had allowedhimself to be driven by the sneers and frowns of hisSouthern associates and former intimates at Wasting-ton;—saying, also, that if the compensation of theoffice were inadequate, that fact was unworthy of noticeor thought for a moment, and that he (Church)should have staid, and stored these, if necessary. most capable devertionof his post and duty and stored All these things indicate, not only the constipationsof the Slave Power, but that no dissent whatever is tobe tolerated from its worst designs and most insupportableacts; that is in vain to look to the SupremeCourt for any decision favorable to the since of freedom;that, while the present Union lasts no checkcan be put upon the aggressions of the South upon therights and liberties of the North; and that THE TIMEHAS COME FOR SEPARATION. 
