 WASHINGTON, Sept. 2. ASHINGTON The following is the memorial of Professor Silliman,and forty-two others, of Connecticut, addressedto his Excellency James Buchanan, the Presidentof the United States:— 'The undersigned, citizens of the United State,and electors of the State of Connecticut, respectfullyoffer to your Excellency this their memorial. The fundamental principle of the Constitutionof the United States, and of our political initiations,is, that the people shall make their own lawsand elect their own rulers. We see with grief, ifnot with astonishment, that Governor Walker, ofKansas, openly represents and proclaims that thePresident of the United States is employing throughhim (Walker) an army, one purpose of which is toforce the people of Kansas to obey laws not theirown, nor of the United States, but laws, which itis notorious, and established upon evidence, they,never made, and rulers they never elected. We represent,therefore, that by the foregoing your Excellencyis openly held up and proclaimed, to the greatderogation of our national character, as violating inits most essential particular the solemn oath whichthe President has taken to support the Constitutionof this Union. We call attention further, to thefact that your Excellency is in like manner held upto this nation, to all mankind, and to all posterity,in the attitude of 'levying war against a portion ofthe United States,' by employing arms in Kansas touphold a body of men and a code of enactments purportingto be the legislative, but which never hadthe election, nor sanction, nor consent of the peopleof the Territory. We earnestly represent to yourExcellency, that we also have taken the oath to obeythe Constitution; and your Excellency may rest assuredthat we shall not refrain from the prayer thatAlmighty. God will make your administration anexample of justice and beneficence, and with his terriblemajesty protest our people and our Constitution. WASHINGTON, Aug.15, 1857. GENTLEMEN: On my recent return to this city,after a fortnight's absence, your memorial, withoutdate, was placed in my hands, through the agencyof Mr. Horatio King, of the Post-Office Department,to whom it had been entrusted. From the distinguishedsource whence it proceeds, as well as its peculiarcharacter, I have deemed it proper to departfrom my general rule in-such cases, and to give itan answer. ENTLEMEN You first assort that 'the fundamental principleof the Constitution of the United States and of ourpolitical institutions is, that the people shall maketheir own laws and elect their own rulers.' Youthen express your grief that I should have violatedthis principle, and through Gov. Walker have employedan army, 'one purpose of which is to force thepeople of Kansas to obey laws not their own, nor ofthe United States, but laws which it is notoriousand established upon evidence they never made, andrulers they never elected,' and as a corollary fromthe foregoing, you represent that I am 'openly heldup and proclaimed, to the great derogation of ournational character, as violating in its most essentialparticular the solemn oath which the President hastaken to support the Constitution of this Union.'These are heavy charges, proceeding from gentlemenof your high character, and, if well founded,ought to consign my name to infamy. But in proportionto their gravity, common justice, to saynothing of Christian charity, required that, beforemaking them, you should have clearly ascertainedthat they were well founded. If not, they will reboundwith withering condemnation upon their authors.Have you performed this preliminary dutytowards the man who, however unworthy, is thechief magistrate of our country? If so, either youor I are laboring under a strange delusion. Shouldthis prove to be your case, it will present a memorableexample of the truth that political prejudice isblind even to the existence of the plainest and mostpalpable historical facts. To these facts let us refer.When I entered on the duties of the Presidentialoffice on the fourth of March last, what was thecondition of Kansas? This Territory had been organizedunder the act of Congress of the 30th ofMay, 1854, and the government in all its brancheswas in full operation. A Governor, Secretary ofthe Territory, Chief Justice, two Associate Justices,a Marshal, and District Attorney had been appointedby my predecessor, by and with the advice andconsent of the Senate, and were all engaged in dischargingtheir respective duties. A code of lawshad been enacted by the Territorial Legislature, andthe judiciary were employed in expounding and carryingthese laws into effect. It is quite true that a controversy had previouslyarisen respecting the validity of the election of themembers of the Territorial Legislature, and of thelaws passed by them; but at the time I entered uponmy official duties, Congress had recognized thisLegislature in different forms and by different enactments.The delegate elected to the House ofRepresentatives under a Territorial law had justcompleted his term of service on the day previous tomy inauguration. In fact, I found the governmentof Kansas as well established as that of any otherTerritory. Under these circumstances, what wasmy duty? Was it not to sustain this government?To protect it from the violence of lawless men, whowere determined either to role or ruin? To preventit from being overturned by force? In the languageof the Constitution, to 'take care that the laws befaithfully executed'? It was for this purpose, andfor this alone, that I ordered a military force to Kansasto act as a Peace comitatus to aid the civil magistrateto carry the laws into execution. The conditionof the Territory at the time, which I need notportray, rendered this precaution absolutely necessary.In this state of affairs, would I not havebeen justly contemned, had I left the Marshal andother officers of a like character impotent to executethe process and judgments of the Courts of Justice,established by Congress or by the Territorial Legislature,under its express authority and thus have sufferedthe government itself to become an object ofcontempt in the eyes of the people? And yet thisis what you designate as forcing 'the people ofKansas to obey the laws, not their own nor of theUnited States,' and for doing which you have denouncedme as having violated my salesmen oath. Peace comitatus I ask, what else could I have done, or ought I tohave done? Would you have desired that I shouldabandon the Territorial government, sanctioned asit had been by Congress, to illegal violence, and thusrenew she scenes of civil war and bloodshed whichevery patriot in the country had declared? Thiswould indeed have been to violate my oath of office,and to fix a damning blot on the character of myadministration. I most cheerfully admit that thenecessity for sending a military force to Kansas, toaid in the execution of the civil law, reflect nocredit upon the character of our country. But, letthe blame full upon the heads of the guilty-when asdid the necessity arise? A portion of the people ofKansas, unwilling to trust to the ballot-box, thecertain American remedy for the redress of allgrievances, undertook to create an independent governmentfor themselves. Had this attempt proved successful, it would ofcourse have perverted the existing government prescribedand recognized by Congress, and substituteda revolutionary government in, its stead. This wasusurpation of the same character as it would be fora portion of the people of Connecticut to undertaketo establish a separate government with in its charteredlimits, for the purpose of redressing any grievance,real or imaginary, of which they might havecomplained, against the legitimate government.Such a principle, if carried into execution, woulddestroy all lawful authority, and produce universalanarchy. I ought to specify more particularly acondition of affairs, which I have only embraced ingeneral terms, requiring the presence of a militaryforce in Kansas. The Congress of the United Stateshad most wisely declared it to be the true intent andmeaning of this Act—the Act recognizing the Territory—not to legislate slavery into any territory, notto exclude it therefrom, but to leave ft to the peoplethereof, perfectly free to form and regulate theirdomestic institutions in their own way, subject onlyto the Constitution of the United States. As a naturalconsequence, Congress has also prescribed bythe same Act, that when the Territory pf Kansasshall be admitted as a State, it shall be received intothe Union with or without slavery, as their Constitutionmay prescribe at the time of their admission.Slavery existed at that period, and still existsin Kansas, under the Constitution of the UnitedStates. This point has at last been decided by thehighest tribunal known to oar laws. How it couldever have been seriously doubted is a mystery. If aconfederation of sovereign States acquire a new territoryat the expense of their common blood andtreasure, certain one set of the parties can have noright to exclude the other from its enjoyment, byprohibiting them taking into it whatever is recognizedto be property by a common Constitution.But when the people, the bo na fide residents of suchTerritory, proceed to frame a State Constitution,then it is their province to decide the importantquestion for themselves, whether they will continue,modify, or abolish slavery. To them, and tothem alone, does this question belong, free from allforeign interference. In the opinion of the TerritorialLegislature of Kansas, the time had arrived forentering the Union, and they accordingly passed alaw to elect delegates for the purpose of framing aState Constitution. This law was fair and just inits provisions. It conferred the right of suffrageupon every bona fide inhabitant of the Territory;and for the purpose of preventing fraud and the intrusionof citizens of near or distant States, mostproperly confided the right to those who had residedtherein three months previous to the election. Herea fair opportunity was presented for all qualifiedresident citizens or the Territory, to whatever organizationthey might have previously belonged, toparticipate in the election, and to express their opinionat the ballot-box on the question of slavery; butnumbers of lawless-men still continued to resist theTerritorial government. They refused either to berecognized or vote, and members of the Conventionwere elected, legally and properly, without their intervention.The Convention will soon assemble toperform the solemn duty of framing a Constitutionfor themselves and their posterity; and in the stateof incipient rebellion which still exists in Kansas,it is my imperative duty to employ the troops of theUnited States, should this become necessary in defendingthe Convention against violence whilstframing the Constitution, and in defending thebona fide inhabitants qualified to vote under theprovisions of this instrument, in the free exercise ofthe rights of suffrage, when it shall be submitted tothem for their approbation or rejection. I have entireconfidence in Governor Walker, that the troopswill not be employed except to resist actual aggression,or in the execution of the laws, and then netuntil the power of the civil magistrate shall proveunavailing. Following the wise example of Mr. Madisontowards the Hartford Convention, illegaland 'dangerous combinations, such as that of the TopekaConvention, will not be disturbed, unless theyshall attempt to perform some act which will bringthen into actual collision with the Constitution andthe laws, and in that event they shall be resistedand put down by the whole power of the government.In performing this duty, I shall bare the approbationof my own conscience, and, as I trust, ofmy God. I thank you for the assurance that youwill not refrain from prayer that Almighty Godwill make my administration an example of justiceand beneficence. bo na fide bona fide bona fide You can greatly assist me in arriving at this blessedconsummation by exerting your influence in allayingthe existing sectional excitement on the subjectof slavery, which has been productive of muchevil and no good, and which, if it could successes inattaining its object, would ruin the slave as well as hismaster. This would be a work of genuine philanthropy. Every day of my life I feel how inadequate I amto perform the duty of my high station, without thecontinued support of Divine Providence; yet placingmy trust in Him, and Him alone, I entertain a goodhope that He will enable me to do equal justice toall portions of the Union, and thus render me anhumble instrument in restoring pence and harmonyamong the people of the several States. Yours, very respectfully, JAMES BUCHANAN. 
