 Most of our readers have read and admired, wepresence, the fine lines by Professor Longfellow onthe Federal Union, beginning' Thou, too, sail on, Oship of Stale.' It seems that them verses, alike soholy in sentiment and so elegant in style, havearoused the ire of William Lloyd Garrison and hispack of fellow members, so that at a recent Conventionheld by them at Faneuil Hall, these crazy theoriststhought it necessary to denounce the poet. Accordinglythe following resolution was offered by Mr.Garrison, and passed, the Boston papers say, 'withmuch applause, mingled with hisses.' This resolutionwas intended to be imposing, but it has onlyproved ridiculous. While the union continues toshed so many blessings upon us, while it preventsalong series of wars between the three sections intowhich the confederation would separate, while it an undivided attention to the progress ofthe arts of peace and civilization, over almost the entirecontinent, allowing the human race to developitself under circumstances more favorable than everbefore ware known, it will be idle and preposterousfor any man or act of men to denounce that Unionat a curse, as rotten to its core with sin, as destinedto perish amid the 'exultation of all who years for thedeliverance of a groaning world.' Nonsense neverwant so far as in this resolution. Europe has beentravailing for a thousand years, because dividend intodifferent communities, whose time under the influenceof hereditary animosities, has been consumedin demoralizing wars, instead of being occupied indeveloping humanity. Yet these Boston fanaticswould whelm us in a like deluge of almost endlessblood, and havoc, and crime. In their intense sympathyfor the blacks, they would put back for centuriesthe progress of the whites. To cure a sore onthe limbs of the body politic, they would immenselyback the trunk to peaces. We know not whether towonder most at the folly or at the fanaticism of thesemen. They remind us of the crazy fellow who setup to be a god of some kind, and said that he wasright, and the world wrong, but that the latter, beingthe majority, had locked him up in a, read-house. intended to be imposing, but it has only  The Faneuil Hall Convention was indeed a motleybly of fools. Here were collected human nondescriptsof all shades: free-thinkers in religion,speaks in medicine, those who believed in all things,these who believed in nothing; in a word, men whodiffered from the whole world, and agreed amongthemselves only in their fanaticism against the Union.Here were zealots who, dissenting from all Christeners,suffer none to dissent from themselves—whodemand freedom of conscience, yet refuse to grantit—who execrate persecution, yet persecute as faras they can—and who, while claiming infallibility, arenever of the same mind for two consecutive years.  nondescripts Out upon such crazy varlets! The gibbering ofmankiss in a menagerie is not more senseless than theempty babbling of such fools. They make noiseenough, it is true, in their way; but it is like the importancecleaner of grasshoppers. They be praiseeach other, until an unthinking person might imaginethat public sentiment was on their side; butlook for they supporters, and out of the pale of theirown, 'Mutual Admiration Society,' there are none!Their whole transactions are 'sound and fury, signifyingnothing.' And so we dismiss them with contempt. [The resolution respecting Prof. Longfellow's ode tothe Union, referred to by the Bulletin, may be in the exceeding article from the Washington Union.]  
