 The following plain-spoken and manly editorial,from the Baltimore Clipper,' reached me in that excellentpaper the day after last week's number wasnamed, and I was pleasantly surprised to see sentimentsso similar to my own, expressed in languagealmost similar to that used by myself of the namesubject. I command this article and the subject tothe  attention of my readers:  'ABUSE OF WASHINGTON. A black fellow namedDouglass appears to be a controlling spirit amongstthe abolitionists of the North. He attends all abolitionconventions, and lectures against slavery andthe Union. At a recent meeting in the State of NewYork, he straighted bitterly against the Union; pronouncedit a Union of the white people of this countryto crush the slaves, and demanded that it shallbe dissolved. 'In view of the oppression of thisUnion,' said he, 'I welcome the bolt, whether fromthe North or the South, from heaven or from hell,which shall shiver this Union in pieces. Talk tous,' continued he, 'of the love of liberty of yourWashington, Jeffersons, Henrys—they were strangesto any just idea of liberty. I wish to dissolvethe Union of these States, and to do it in a directway.' And citizens of the United States—men whosefathers may have fought by the side of Washingtonfor the liberties of their country—could sit and complacentlylisten to, if they did not applaud, this lecturefrom a fugitive slave—this denunciation of theFather of his Country, and the great men who sustainedthe country in its hour of trial. It would nodoubt be gratifying to this able orator, and his moredespicable auditors and assistants, to have the Uniondissolved by force, and to see a civil war; but thecouncils of the nation cannot be controlled by suchfanatics and desperadoes. It is humiliating to seethis intimate association and fellowship existing becausethe white and the Negro race in the work of. IT is evident that the felling of hostilityentertained by Douglass against the whites is notconfused to slaveholders. He hates the whole whitepopulation, and intimates hat he would rejoice to their throats cut by his colored brethren.' BUSE OF ASHINGTON.   You are right, Mr. Clipper; and you may rust tothat New Yorkers will be on the look-out forthis Patina 2d.  
