 The following are the names attached to the Petition,now at 31 North Fifth street, in this city, publishedin our yesterday's paper, calling for 'a peacefuldissolution of the Union.' We give the petitionand the names. Very many have supposed that thismovement was a mere force, and that there would benone base enough to dishonor their manhood by affixingtheir names to such a paper. But the signaturesgiven below are genuine, and number, we believe,both white and black persons. A partition toabolish the Christian Religion, or to overthrow theinstitution of matrimony, would not be less infamousthan an appeal in favor of the dissolution of ourheaven-protected Union. We presume each of thepersons represented by these names, is ready to giveplenty of reasons why the Union should be broken up;and doubtless each has a sort of interest in the successof the shameless position. At all events, theyhave secured to themselves as immortality of ignominy.The curses of an indignant people willring in their cars, while living, and execrate theirmemories when dead. Men will point them out asthose who, more fortunate than millions of others—happy under the blessed institutions of our country—and protected by our laws—have openly raisedtheir hands to destroy a fabric unequalled in the historyof the human race. There is no excuse forsuch infamy. The act is not the act of fanaticism,but of treason; and names of these PARRICIDES,and their petition, should be enclosed in black,wherever they are held up before the people: A memorial, of which the following is a copy, isnow at the Anti-Slavery Office, 31 N. Fifth St., forsignatures. All citizens so disposed are invited tocall and attach to it their names: To the Senate and House of Representatives in Congressassembled. To the Senate and House of Representatives in Congressassembled. The undersigned, inhabitants of Philadelphia, onbehalf of themselves and of a large and rapidly increasingportion of the people of Pennsylvania andother Northern States, respectfully represent, thatthe union, at present subsisting between the slave-holdingand non-slaveholding portions of this confederacy,in a source of grievances no numerous andoppressive, as to call for immediate measures on thepart of those who have the power, for their, redress.Among these grievances, they would respectfullyenumerate the following, as the most pressing in theirdemand for correction: I. Despite the article of the Federal Constitution,which declares that' the citizens of each State shallenjoy all the privileges and immunities of citizens ofthe several States,' a portion of the citizens of theNorth, solely on account of their complexion, onvisiting Southern States are FEIELD, THRUST INTOPRISON, FIELD, CONDEMNED TO WORK WITH FELONSIN THE CHAIN GANG, AND FREQUENTLY SOLD ON THE.  II. Perfectly legal measures to bring these outragesto the notice of the Federal Courts are forbidden,by severs penal enactments, as in the case ofthe Hon. Samuel Hoar, and Hon. Henry Hubbard,who were appointed for this special purpose by theLegislature of Massachusetts, but who were drivenback with insult and violence from the States to whichthey were sent. but who were drivenback with insult and violence III. The most sacred of all rights, that of freedomof speech and of the press, without which there canbe no true liberty under any form of government,has been practically denied, in a large portion of thiscountry, and to thousands of its most respectable aswell as some of its most distinguished inhabitants.It in a notorious fact, that there art but few placessouth of Mason and Diroffs line, where the doctrineof the Declaration of Independence, that, 'allmen are created equal, and endowed with an ableright to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness,'can be publicly avowed and appropriately appliedwithout imminent personal hazard.  IV. The Union, between the slaveholding non-slaveholdingStates, and the alleged necessity of theperpetuation, is made the pretext for exorbitant andunjust demands on the part of the former, and themost degrading concessions and humiliating self-abasementon the part of the latter, begetting a spiriton the one hand of overbearing tyranny, and onthe other of slavish and gravelling submission—bothalike inconsistent with our theory of republican equality,at variance with the best interests of a majorityof the people, and injurious to the cause of freedomand free institutions throughout the world. V. The Compromises of the Federal Constitutionare felt to be especially burdensome, because by themthe people of the North are obliged: , to aid theslaveholder, directly or indirectly, in recapturing hisfugitive slaves: 2d, to assist, if in the judgment ofthe Executive it should ever become necessary, torepress by force any uprising on the part of the slavesfor their liberty; and 3d, to concede to the slave-holderextraordinary political power, in the privilegeof representing three-fifths of his slaves in the electoralCollege and in Congress—thus furnishing himat the same moment the motives and ability to perpetuatehis system. By these compromises, people ofthe North are involved as partner in the support ofSlavery, and made to share with the South in all theevils and responsibilities of its continuance. The Compromises of the Federal Constitution  By these compromises, people ofthe North are involved as partner in the support ofSlavery, and made to share with the South in all theevils and responsibilities of its continuance. To these facts, as continuing grievances no longertolerable, the undersigned invite the attention ofyour honorable body, and respectfully ask that, if inyour judgment there be no other speedy means fortheir redress, yon will take immediate measures forthe peaceful Dissolution of its Union. peaceful Dissolution of its Union. John W. Heins, Jno. Lawton, J.M. McKim, Benjamin Bacon, Seth Lukens, Elissa Davis, James Mott. 
