 There is a journal published at Washington, called theAmerican Organ, which is, as its name imports, thenational organ of the Know Nothings. The followingextracts show the way in which that journal speaks ofthe late outrages in Kansas, and the return of Gov.Reeder to his official post in that Territory:— American Organ 'Governor Reeder is to be sent back among the"border ruffians" (as they are styled by himself,)and the " ruffians" are told by the President that"not for a single moment has Gov. Reeder beendiverted from the straightforward path of duty!"—that the "ruffians" (and not Gov. Reeder) arewrong—that they have been ruffianly enough tomake a "pretext" of the conduct of the Anti-Slaverymen to do wrong themselves—that Gov.Reeder has maintained the attitude which GeneralPierce "expected" him to maintain," and thathe goes back to "discourage every movement"that will disturb the public mind. Now the President and Col. Forney both knowfull well that Gov. Reeder's re-appearance in Kansaswill be the signal for civil war. We do notbelieve that there will be one moment's peace inKansas, if he returns. Right or wrong, (and wesay not which,) a provisional government willspring up as suddenly into, existence in Kansas asit did in Paris; the people of Kansas will not allowGeneral Pierce to force Anti-Slaveryism oran Anti-Slavernor Governor upon them, and heought to know it and doubtless does know it. * * *The country will bearus witness that we have over and over again madethis declaration, that the Forney and the Piercemen were not worthy of Southern confidence, butwe did not expect so soon a formal acknowledgmentof this truth. We supposed that it would bepostponed till after the Virginia election. Theresult in Virginia, however, is now so sure to beadverse to the views of the Administration, andthey so clearly see it, that it is not deemed importantto put off what they cannot evade, and theyhave now thrown off the mask, and declared forGov. Reeder, and against the South. * * * so soon they for against * * *It is our judgment that if he (thePresident) even attempts to force Gov. Reeder uponthem contrary to their will, and after they haverepudiated him, they will resist. They will not beforced. They may or they nay not throw him intothe Missouri River; but we do not believe theywill allow this Administration to impose him uponthem. All this may be wrong on the part of theMissourians. We are simply dealing with factsand probabilities, and not discussing what is rightor what is wrong, as between the Missourianand Gov. Reeder. * * * factsand probabilities We desire to prevent civil war and fraternalbloodshed. Hence we say that since the Missourianshave literally expelled a Governor who wasnot only involved in land and Indian speculations(for which he deserves to be broke as the Presidentknows, if one-half of the Indian Bureau Commissioner'sreport be true,) but who it is also allegedinterfered with the political rights of thepeople of Kansas. Will the President send back sucha Governor at the head of troops, and put him overand maintain him over a free and jealous people by force of arms! Missourians jealous 
