 The history of party is the history of opinions;and for the last twenty years in the United States,it has been scarcely more than the history of AbolitionFrom the origin of the Government to thepresent time, the antagonism between the Northand the South has been steadily developing itselfin all the departments of feeling and of thought—in sunderingreligious associations, controlling literature,and embittering section against section.To counterpart this antagonism all sorts of expedientshave been tried. Party organizations, patchedup truces, and shallow compromises, have allhad their day and have all fallen beneath the violenceof an inborn, incurable, hopeless malady. TheNorth and South there never one people, and nothingcan ever make them so. TheNorth and South there never one people, and nothingcan ever make them so. The earlier infestations of this antagonism tooka somewhat different form from that which it nowassumes. Bounties, tariffs and discriminations infavor of the North, and against the South, werebut the faults of the same germ—sectional lust—and theirtendency was, by robbing the South ofthe just rewards of her labor, to impoverish andweaken her, and thus prepare the way for Abolitionitself. High tariffs and Abolition were butparts of the same policy. Hence the Whig party,which began with the principle of protection, soonbecame at the North the organ of Anti-Slavery, andcontinued to sink deeper and deeper into it, untilthat wing abandoned its own national platform,and went over, 'horse, foot and dragoons, to theAbolitionists. It is curious, too, to remark, thatas the principles of protection grew weaker, untilin 1852, the Whig Convention practically ignoredit in its platform that of Abolition was steadily inthe ascendant. Henry Clay, its renowned leader,was them stretched upon his dying bed, and Webster'sconservatism was fast tottering beneath theintolerant fanaticism of Seward. The Whig partystood so long as its Northern and Southern wingsrefrained from sectional tests. The tariff was nota sectional test. It had its friends in both sectionsof the Union. But Abolition was a sectional test,and hence the Northern Whig party, as it graduallybecame more a abolitionized, grew stronger atthe North and weaker at the South. As a nationalparty it fell, after having exhausted every expedientto preserve its existence. It fell because Anti-Slaveryat the North is stronger than Whiggery—becauseit can no longer control the latent antagonismbetween the North and South. Northern Whig It fell because Anti-Slaveryat the North is stronger than Whiggery The Democratic party, too, at the North, has hadin itself the same element of dissolution. It yieldedto the same sectional lust when It passed theTariff of 1828, the Force bill, enacted the TariffCompromise of '32 and violated it in 42. It hadalways a greater support in the South, because itavowed the immortal doctrine of State-Rights andFree-Trade. In 1838, before Abolition had yet acquiredfull force it passed in the Senate the Athertonresolutions, denying the right of Congress tointerfere with slavery; and a few years after, whenAbolition sentiment had more entirely seized uponthe North, it threw open the doors of Congress, bythe repeal the twenty-first rule, to petition aggressiveand insulting to the South. The poisonof Northern sectionalism was gradually workingits way. In 1856 the Tariff was modified: the antagonismon this point had grown weaker, and theslavery issue loomed up more fiercely than ever.Slavery was excluded from Oregon by a DemocraticAdministration, and Wilmot, a PennsylvaniaDemocrat, introduced his famous Proviso. It wasthe first attempt to exclude the South from thecommon territory. It laid hare the designs of theNorth, and the most Union-loving men in the Southfelt there was danger ahead from their Northernalliance. When the next Presidential canvassopened, both Whig and Democratic parties attemptedto cast out this element of sectional discord;and restore their last nationality. The slaveryquestion was method over in their platforms,and pledges of peace given in exchange for thesuport of the South. They were accepted, andWhiggery, every were strengthened by Southernersconfidence in a Southern man, elected GeneralTaylor to the presidency. He proved false to hispledges, false to his constitutional oath, and falseto the South, when he erected California, by militaryusurpation, into a free State. The disposalof the territories acquired from Mexico next broughtup the issue. The Compromise followed, in whichthe attempt was again made to stifle the antagonismand save the Union. Pledged to its support,both parties went into the last election for PresidentThe Democrats carried the day, and PresidentPierce was elected, With the hope of drivingAbolition forever from the floors of Congress, theNorthern Democrats brought forward the Nebraska bill.The Missouri Compromise Line, whichthe South had repeatedly tendered to the North assettlement of the question, but which they steadilyrespected, was repealed, and the lauded Unionsaving principles of the Compromise of 1850 reenactedin the Nebraska hill. But Anti-Slavery,which in 1820 eagerly acceded to the MissouriLine, and in 1850 robbed the South, by this sameCompromise, of all her Territories, had grown tooinsolent and powerful now to listen to any furthercompromises. Squatter sovereignty was good doctrinewhereby to exclude the South. but a foulwrong when by it she might colonize Kansas. Andwhat has been the result' The Democratic party,which, like thw Whig, had been struggling in preservethe nationality, finds itself at last overwhelmed by thenational issue, and utterly broken up by Abolition.—These remains no common platform upon whicheither the Whig or the Democratic party can unitetheir Northern and Southern wings. All hope ofnational organizations, on the basis of either isshown to be hopeless by the history of the Northduring the past year The antagonism has triumphed. The Democratic party,which, like thw Whig, had been struggling in preservethe nationality, finds itself at last overwhelmed by thenational issue, and utterly broken up by Abolition. South was the state of the old parties, when,about a year ago, the Know Nothing Order firstmade its mark in the politics of the country. Itpronounced the old parties effete and rotten. Itproposed to bury and the old issues which had dividedthe North and the South, and to erect upon theirgrave a grand, comprehensive, national idea, whichwould override all sectional differences, and givepeace and security to the Union. Sick as men wereof the old parties disgusted at their vain expedients,and lured by its peculiar principles, the newparty gathered to its folds many adherents. We did not care now to question the justice ofthe antagonism which this party assumes, to existbetween the native and foreign born, and whichconstitutes the chief basis of its organization. Weare willing to accept it as a fact. Yet, what dowe see? It excludes the foreign element, becausewe are supposed to be radical, disturbing and antagonisticto a stable nationality, and asserts that thenative born are the only true friends of order, conservatism,and the Union. We have the history ofthe past six months before us to test these principles.The election at the North came on, and everywherethe 'Fasten' between Abolition and theNew Order carried the day. The faith of Southernmen began to tremble. What hopes could behad of a National party at all acceptable to theSouth, which signalized its first triumphs in alliancewith Free Soilers? But still the cry was kept up.We still heard of the great American, national organization,in which the Slavery question was tobe buried forever. This affiliation with Free Soilerswas only a local affair. The MassachusettsLegislature, in which the Know Nothings were omnipotent,met, and in a few short weeks has givento the world a record of fanaticism, of disgustingrowdyism and shame, which the most degenerateposterity will blush to peruse. In the frenzy ofAbolition, they have attempted to make the Judiciary,that great stronghold of liberty, the vassaland tool of mob fanaticism; and they are about tonullify the Fugitive Slave law. The same Council for the State of New Yorkhave turned their bucks upon an effort made byMR. Fillmore and his friends to stifle the slaveryissue in this organization. We might pile proofupon proof to the same effect. Anti-Slavery will'not go down 'at the North. A party, organizedto put down an influence, said to be hostile to theUnion, has itself fallen prey to the same evil! Aparty which was to kill sectional differences andconsolidate the Union, has in its first victoriesstricken down religious freedom, independence ofthe Judiciary, and raised a fiercer war againstthe South then ever before. There remains no hopeif a National Know Nothing Organization, Thatparty has gone the way of the Whig and Democraticparties. Anti-Slavery will'not go down 'at the North. There remains no hopeif a National Know Nothing Organization What is the lesson taught! The North will notabandon the schemes of Abolition. Fanaticism isstronger than parties, and national organizationsare impossible which refuse to bow before it. Themask which men for thirty years have been throwingover the hideous forms of Anti-Slavery has fallenoff, and unappeased, and unappeasable it presentsitself for deadly combat with the South.—That the South can touch a national organizationwhich strikes at slavery, is not to be thought ofThe day of national parties is therefore at an end.Anti-Slavery and aggression upon the South controlthe North. Must they not destroy the Union! 
