 A letter from Kansas, which we find in the MissouriDemocrat, gives the following account of therecent killing of Malcolm Clark. It will be seenthat it differs essentially from the statements concerningthe same affair hitherto furnished by thenigger-driving journals of that quarter: Democrat A squatter meeting was held at LeavenworthCity to take into consideration the propriety ofgiving further time to claimants to come and liveupon their claims. Mr. McCrea, a lawyer of thatplace, opposed the extension of time. Mr. MalcolmClark replied to Mr. McCrea, and said that McCreawas a d—d rascal, anyway. McCrea went off andgot a pistol. When he returned, a few more wordspassed, and Clark struck him: McCrea drew hispistol; Clark picked up a board; McCrea ran, andClark pursued him. In the chase, Clark droppedhis board, when McCrea turned, and holding hispistol within a foot of Clark's breast, fired, andshot him through the heart The crowd, greatlyincensed, rushed upon McCrea with slicks andatones, and began to beat him terribly—knockingout his front teeth, &C. He ran to the river, andjumped in, but it happened to be a miry spot, andhe stuck up to his arms in mud. He was draggedout, and a vote was taken whether he should behanged on the spot, or sent to Fort Leavenworthfor trial. It was decided to send him to the Fort.He was placed in a carriage for that purpose. Thecrowd by this time had greatly increased, and itwas proposed to reconsider the vote, which wasdone. It was then, by a large majority, votedthat he should hang. A rope was immediatelysent for, but before it was brought, a gentlemanjumped into the carriage beside McCrea, drew arevolver upon the driver, and told him to drive toFort Leavenworth as fast as possible, or he wouldblow his brains out; and said to the crowd, thatif they hung McCrea, they would have to hang himalso. I have not yet been able to learn the name of thisgentleman, but I hear he is from Virginia or Kentucky.No matter whence he came, he is a boldand generous fellow. On the next day, viz., on the first day of thismonth—day before yesterday—the corpse of Clarkwas taken to Weston, Missouri, of which place hehad been a citizen before his recent residence atLeavenworth City. The people there gathered overit and made violent speeches and passed strong resolutions,one of which was that they would proceedto Fort Leavenworth and take McCrea and hanghim. Friday, the 4th inst., was fixed upon as theday of his execution. Of course, be will be protectedby the officers of the Fort. Clark was about thirty-eight or forty years ofage, very athletic, bold and self-confident, and wasa strong pro-slavery man. McCrea is an Abolitionist.He was saved by a pro-slavery man. 
