 Ever since the decease of Daniel Webster, theState of Massachusetts has taken decisive stepsbackward, and now, as if to complete her degradation,by a single bound, she has passed an Act,over the veto of Governor Gardner, to nullify theoperation of a law of Congress, and so much of theConstitution as provides that fugitives from laborand service shall be delivered up on claim of theparty to whom such service or labor may be due.The fame of Daniel Webster reached its highestpoint from the delivery of his celebrated speech inreply to Hayne. That speech gave the death-blowto unification in the South. It was circulated overto Massachusetts, and received with just pride inevery quarter of the State. The speech raised thefame of Massachusetts to an elevation never beforeknown, except perhaps in those revolutionarytimes when an Adams, Otis, and a Hancock,set the ball of revolution to motion, and gave toPatrick Henry an occasion for the memorable sentence—'The next wind that sweeps form the North,shall bring to as the clash of resounding arms.' the South. But now, without the justification which SouthCarolina had for attempting to pass an Act of nullification,—for hers was aimed at what was unconstitutional,—Massachusetts has began which, if carried out, will reader the work of herbest sons in establishing the Constitution, and ofWebster in defending it from result of no smile.In the life-time of Webster, when great measureswere up for consideration before Congress and theUnited States, it was the custom to ask, What isthe voice of Massachusetts in regard to it! Therewere millions then, throughout the length andbreadth of the whole land, who regarded the expressionof her opinions as a declaration of theside which they were to support on that issue.But how stands the State in Abolition hands! Itassaults the independence of the Judiciary; itlowers itself by an indecent investigation in theConvent matter: and finally passes an Act in directopposition to the ground which was universallytaken when Webster made the great speech of hislife,—one of the greatest ever made as a reply,—in answer to Hayne of South Carolina. The State,instead of standing upon the pinnacle of fame asshe did then when Webster had the lead, stands asshe might be expected to stand with Sumner andWilson at the post which Webster filled. Hername is now on the lips of thousands, but withdeep mortification and shame that a State in which'the infancy of the Union was first rocked,' shouldbe,—not the last, as Webster predicted, to disturbits entrenchments,—but among the first to assail thecompact by which her own existence was secured.The question raised by this infamous proceedingis this: Shall the Constitution stand! orthe Act by which it is violated! Governor Gardner,with the true spirit of her ancient sons, vetoedthe bill, but the insane crew who hold the majorityin the Legislature which adjourned yesterday,—who sold acts of incorporation and other specialacts, and who according to Wendell Phillips,ought not to be returned for another year,—thisinsane crew, no longer fearing the great arm whichnow reposes at Marshfield, violated the Constitutionwhich they had sworn to support, and attemptedto establish Northern nullification.  filled. 
