 The writer of the following letter is the same victim,who, a few days after it was written, was againseized by certain ruffians, and ten times thrown successivelyinto a pond, and otherwise brutally outraged,in Kentucky:— WRITERALL, Feb. 17, 1851. RITERALL MR. ESITEN: R. SITEN Will you permit one who is a stranger to you topresent to the public, through the columns of theChronicle, an account of the doings of the mob inyour village last evening? I ask to be heard, becauseI was its victim, and because it forms a partof the history of the village. I am a citizen of the United States. I have violatedno law, of Kentucky; that is not my object. Ihave simply exercised my constitutional rights. Iam a Baptist minister, regularly appointed by theAm. Bap. Free Mission Society, a Society sustainedby numerous Baptist churches. From a constitutionalprinciple, it dis fellowships slavery; and in itspractical operations, is connection with all its educationduties it advocates emancipation, with a view to theemployment of the colored population as hired laborersin our country. that Missionary bodies have been accustomed to sendmissionaries to every State in the Union, and to everynation in the world. They claim the right to doso, from the divine command, 'o ye into all theworld, and peach the gospel to every creature.'Mark xvi. 15. In common with others, our Societyacts on this principle. Hence, I have been laboringin Virginia, and am now laboring in Kentucky. In Lewis and Bracken counties, I have lectured topatient and attentive audiences. I lecture wherethe people are willing to hear me. I know of noway of learning whether the people will hear meor not, but that of making the inquiry. As over 600 votes in favor of emancipation werepolled in Mad icons county, I concluded to visit it, andlecture, if practicable. I visited Richmond, and requestedof the denominations respectively, the privilegeof lecturing 'on the moral and religious conditionof the slave population.' I met with a refusel in eachcase. I stated to some of the citizens that I shouldlike to see the order of the colored population intheir worship, and should attend worship with them.At the appointed time, I repaired to the house ofworship, and was invited by the colored minister, aBaptist, to preach. This invitation I accepted, andpreached from Phil. iv.6— 'In every thing, by prayerand supplication, with thanksgiving, let your requestsbe made known unto God.' Before the closing prayer was offered, I was informedthat a number of white people surrounded thedoor of the house. There were two white man besidemyself within the house during the exercises.On learning the statement relative to those assembledoutside, I immediately went out. A number ofmen surrounded me. The faces of some were nearlyconcealed by handkerchiefs, and some were armedwith largesticks. They immediately asked, 'Whatis your business in this community?' I replied,'I am the missionary of a Baptist Emancipating MissionarySociety.' They inquired again, 'Are you anabolitionists?' I replied, 'If, by that term, you meanone in favor of the slaves rising and resisting theirmasters, I am not. But, If you mean one in favor ofusing the same means to abolish slavery that we areusing to abolish intemperance, than I am one.' They requested me to show them the papers inmy pocket, if they were not private ones. I immediatelyharded them the tract written by HenryWard Beacher, a Presbyterian minister, publishedby our Society, on 'Slavery, a Rightful Topic ofPublic Discourse.' On  it in the light ofthe men, one of the mob pronounced it a regularabolition tract. They now stated that I must takemy choice, either to leave in fifteen minutes, or betarred and feathered. I stated that I was a strangers,and that it was now late. I would like to staytill morning. But they resolved that I should leavethe village, if not the county. I proceeded to thetavern. As I moved on, an egg was thrown at me.Some water was also poured upon me. Some abouted,'Kentucky hospitality.' One said my throatought to be cut. Others used profane language.Arrived at the tavern, the 'Webster House', oneproposed that I should be allowed to remain till themorning. This was opposed. Having paid my bill,I inquired if they would promise not to injure me, ifI accompanied them. They declared I should notbe injured, and decided that I should take the Lexingtonpike. At the tavern, the mob drank liquor.  As we move on, one of the company remarked,'If you had said one word about abolition, this evening,we should have takes you of the pulpit.'We came near a pond, and I was informed by oneof the company that it was intended to put me inthat pond. He urged me to run. One man runforward, and as I ran along near the pond, grabbedmy coat, but I succeeded inn getting away. As Ihurried forward, a pistol was discharged some five orsix times,— not, I suppose, with the intention of hurtingany one. Such are the facts. The mob have themselves— not me. I will not now moralist on thedisguised exhibited to the authorities in Richmond,or on the  of such conduct to defeat itsown object. In view of this state of things, havethe ministers and churches no duty to do?   Yours, for God and humanity, EDWARD MATHEWS. P.S. I herewith forward you a copy of our AnnualReport, and the tract of Mr. Boocher. E.M. 
