 ☞ It is a curious fact, that the most persistent, ferocious,lying and mobocratic opponent of the anti_slaverycause in the United States is theWashingtonUnion, the national organ of the DRMOCRATIO (!!)Party, edited by RICHIE, the prince of pretenders,and hoary with age and guilt. Here is a sample ofits truthfulness and dignity: WashingtonUnion RMOCRATIO ICHIE   On several occasions, we have taken leave to suggestthat the abolition of slavery in this countrywas the scheme of our foreign anemics, and wassustained by their money, an stimulated by theirzeal. The meetings held in London, Edinburgh,and other British cities—their spirit and recommendations,as well as the asylum they boast of affordingour runaway negroes—all tend to conform thisopinion; especially when we recollect the missionof Thompson, the suburban representative of theLondon 'Five Points' in the House of Commons, tothis country. This incendiary demagogue comes tothis country heralded by the plaudits of all the abolitionpapers and meetings in Great Britain, and it isconfidently proclaimed that he will overthrow slavery,and trample the pretended Dragon of oppressionin the dust. A lying commendation of Lord Broughamis fabricated to attract attention, and we are advisedthat and orator above St. Paul is about to mountthe rostrum of freedom. Men go to hear him; andwhat is it, after all? A vapid rehash of Garrison'swindy tirades against slavery—a boisterous 'rush ofmighty wind'—the 'cox of proleros mitil' of abolitiondeclaration! Such is George Thompson, the omnipotentBonnerges of negro equality! But there is onefeature of this abolition contest that should not beoverlooked. It is this—the whole party, in everysection and every State of the Union, seems to beactuated by one spirit of ferocity. Quakers, infidels,Magdalena, demagogues, and fanatics of allsorts, breathe one wish—it in for union among allclasses of these fanatical incendiary resolutionsof town meetings, held in negro churchesand State capitols, and beaded by the Smiths andSumner, with while faces, or the Douglass andShadrache, with black faces—their newspapers of allsorts and creeds, form the smashing hypocrisy of theNational Era and Tribune down to the disgustingvulgarity of the Liberator and Charonotype—all chantthe same tune, and all consent to bury every Minotconsideration for the glory of God, and the loving,fraternal embrace of the negro who has violatedhis mistress or murdered his master, ans been amunggledby Chaplin &Co. into the full_blown emjoymentof his liberty! The free States are literally overrunwith lecturers and harangues of all colors infavor of abolition; they are flooded with newspapersand pamphlets; and nearly every village can boasta convention which black and white vagabonds, aspenniless as the Laxxaroni of Naples, attend, atgreat expense, in decent garble and white cravats,and contribute money enough to publish thousandsof copies of their proceedings Whence come thefunds to sustain their presses, to print their incendiarypamphlets, and to pay the expenses of the Garsons,Douglases, Chaplins, ans logions of othernameloses apostles of the sublime creed of ablition?They cannot be raise in this country; theydo not fall down from the clouds. The worthless,idle, and vicious vagabonds themselves neither earsnor obtain them, unless they steal them; but eventhis resource is impracticable. They must be contributedfrom abroad. The foreign enemies of ourfree institutions finish the means to amiable them isthis dastardly and covert  A hundred thousanddollars judiciously expended is this way willkeep innumerable papers, agents, and other appliancesof popular agitation it work, and produce theresult we ace daily passing before our eyes. Putthis sum in the hands of reward, Hale, Chase, Giddings,and a few others of the like sort, and they canraise a breeze that will look like a kind of universalhurricane, sweeping the whole land. Such men arethe aspiring tools of foreign workmen, who ans fear our national greatness and power, andwould deem millions well pent if the expenditurefacilitated our disunion and downfall. Let it no beforgotten, that abolition is the cunning device of foreignadverses—the very  with which theyhope to rive this Union into fragments—and thatthose who aid the unholy apportion are the willingand corrupt dupes of crafty monarchists. the FarewellAddressee of Washington admonishes us to bewareof them; and if we  it not, we deserve tofall, unitized by the world, and despised even by ourselves. 'cox of proleros mitil National Era Tribune Liberator Charonotype they steal them     
