 When the territorial government of Kansaswas organized, the President appointed one H.S.Woodson, a Southern pro-slavery locofoeo, as Secretaryof the Territory. This man, from the first,has manifested the most vindictive spirit, and hasomitted no occasion to vent his wrath upon thefree State settlers of Kansas. When the Presidentremoved Reader, because he would not do thebidding of the Missouri mob, this man Woodsonwas, by law, the acting Governor. While in thatposition, he sanctioned all the vile, outrageous actswhich were passed for the purpose of oppressing,and, if possible, driving off the Free State men.Among these acts was the one punishing with fineand imprisonment any person who should publiclydeclare that slaves could not be legally held inKansas. He also sanctioned the act which tookfrom the settlers and gave to this mock Legislaturethe election of all county officers, sheriffs, Kc.,down to justices of the peace, and assessors.These elections of the Missouri Legislature werefor five years; and now all these officers that arein the Territory, hold their commission, not fromthe people, but from this Missouri mob. five years; The bare fact that he conspired with thesescoundrels to oppress and  the people ofKansas, by the passage or such laws, ought tohave caused his instant removal by the President.We do not know of a more grave offence, exceptit be that of attempting to induce the people ofMissouri to go over is armed hands to murder thevery people that he was sent to protect.  To show the vindictive, devilish spirit whichactuates this appointee of President Pierce, wecopy a few of the dispatches he has lately sentto the Missouri border ; invoking their aidto carry out the  work in which he is engaged.Read the following, which came to  inthe paper from the West:—      :—  will not make a serve untilthem in sufficient from in the field to insure .You will, therefore, urge all who are interested in theMatter to start immediately for the  of war. Thereto  doubt now in regard to having a right.      We all have that a  many have explained becamethey were disappointed when here before in regardto a fight. Say to them, now in the time to showgame; and if we are defeated this time the  to the .     An express has just started from Liberty. Theyhave raised but sixty men in all. Our man are in greatdanger and it is expected that Jackson,  and will  to the reach.  your .      S.H. WOODSON     others, last spring. But this government appointeetells them to come on now, as ' there is no doubtnew in regard to having a fight'. Where shall welook to find a parallel for such blood-thirstyscoundrelism?       ' there is no doubtnew in regard to having a fight'. INDEPENDENCE, Dec. 4—3 o'clock, P.M. NDEPENDENCE, To Mr. W. MUSGROVE:—Gov. Shannon has issuedwrite for the arrest of every one found in arms. JudgeJohnson, of the Territory, has been arrested by ourboys. USGROVE There are probably 300 men at the seat of war waitingfor reinforcements. We will have 600 all told tonight.No attack on Lawrence will be made until additionalreinforcements arrive. Let Lafayette show herhand. Urge all you can to come. Come one, comeall! S.H. WOODSON. This Judge Johnson is from Ohio, and wasformerly a Senator from the Southern portion ofthe State. He, with Parrot and Goodin, was aprominent Locofoeo, and upheld the present Administrationin its Kansas-Nebraska policy. INDEPENDENCE, Dec. 6—8, A.M. NDEPENDENCE TO GEN. SHIELDS:— Limerick and Lightner are herefrom Lawrence, where they slept night before last. Sixhundred Abolitionists in area there. One thousandmen at Jones's camp. The matter expected to be settledto-morrow or next day. Tell the volunteers to comeon. O EN. HIELDS S.H. WOODSON. What a sight is here presented to the Americanpeople! The Secretary of Kansas, sent there bylaw to protect the rights and interests of thepeople, has basely conspired against them, and isusing all his influence to destroy them, or drivethem from their homes. He has left Kansas, andtaken up his station in a large town in Missouri.There is a line of telegraph from that place, andhe is spending his time in sending such messagesas we have quoted to the pro-slavery ruffians ofWestern Missouri. He urges them to leave theirown State, and to invade Kansas with deadly weapons,for the purpose of getting up a 'fight' withthe settlers. Such is the position which this manoccupies to the people of the Territory and theUnion. And now, on behalf of the people who are outragedby such conduct, who are humiliated in theeyes of the civilized world, and disgraced by everyhour this Woodson is permitted to hold an officefrom the President of the Republic, we ask, weDEMAND, his immediate removal. We point to theabove despatches as conclusive evidence of hisguilt and infamy. We shall see whether the Presidentwill sanction such conduct by retaining himin office. 
