 Extract from the message of Gov. Gardner to theLegislature of Massachusetts:— The power conferred by the Constitution of ourState upon chief executive magistrate, of vetoingthe acts of the legislature, is granted in generalterm, without limitation as to cause, and hasfrequently been exercised by many of my predecessors.It has long been the opinion, however, ofsome of our most eminent statesmen, that the truetheory of republican government, and a wise statesmanship,inculcate, that except where the executiveis convinced of the unconstitutionality of themeasure proposed, or in the event of evidentlyhasty and ill-considered legislation, the deliberatedesire of the immediate representatives of the peopleshould not be thwarted by the interposition ofthe veto power. Entertaining these views, I have heretofore givenmy approval, in some cases, to acts and resolves,the expediency of which I somewhat doubted, orwhich were merely declaratory or the sentimentsof the legislature. This rule will continue toguide my action; but from all measures presentedfor my consideration, involving, in my deliberatejudgment, constitutional doubts. I shall in the future,as I have heretofore, unhesitatingly withholdmy sanction. One act of this nature, notwithstanding the decidedopinion of the Attorney General, that it was'clearly repugnant to the provisions of the Constitutionof the United States,' and 'that in hisjudgment the bill is in violation of the Constitutionof Massachusetts; notwithstanding it attempts,in express terms, to give the sanction oflaw to what our Supreme Court, in an opinionsigned by all its Justices, in reply to a questionpropounded to them by the Executive, with theadvice and consent of the Council, declared couldnot 'rightfully or legally' be dune; notwithstandingalso the consequent withholding of the Executiveapproval from it, became, by the requisiteConstitutional majorities, the law of Massachusetts. The people of our State, knowing how essentiala sacred observance of law is to the perpetuity ofour, or any, republican institutions, recognizingthe blessings derived from the Constitution of theUnited States, both for security at home and dignityabroad, unhesitatingly acknowledge all theirobligations to obey the requirements of that instrument.When one of the confederated Statesfutilely attempted to nullify its powers, there wasbut one feeling of reprobation throughout all ourborders. The ablest statesman Massachusetts everintrusted with her interests on the floors of Congress,by his successful maintenance of the paramountauthority of the Constitution of the UnitedStates, displayed a comprehensiveness of states-man shipwhich was even greater than the majesticeloquence with which he vindicated his position. The passage of this act is deeply to be deplored,because it asserts or looks to the maintenance ofrights not dearly and constitutionally ours,' whichcourse of action, in my inaugural address, I strenuouslyurged the last legislature to avoid-becauseit weakness the moral effect of the influence of ourState-because it sets in example, which, if followedby other members of the confederacy, willmost certainly destroy our only bond of union—and because it tends to an armed conflict betweenthe state and the national governments. Eitherthis law most remain a dead letter on our statutebook. unenforced when the hour of trial comes,thus reducing Massachusetts to the humiliatingposition of enacting a law she has not the courageto enforce, or else, if the attempt it made, it mustbe supported by the whole military array of theState in direct and immediate conflict with thearmy of the United States. There is no alternativebut submission or open war. While Massachusetts will he loyal to her constitutionalobligations, she demands that all herconstitutional rights shall be respected. She asksare fulfillment of national compacts, the faithfulperformance of the sacred agreements of the fathers,and, though the act referred to has temporallydiminished the moral weight of this demand,its repeal will go far towards giving hervoice its former power. Her people, in commonwith the entire North, and many at the South, believingslavery to be a moral, social and politicalevil no power to interfere with it in thoseStates where by local law it exists; but they demand,by a United voice in both branches of Congress,and by almost an united a sentiment athome, that it shall not be suffered to extend itselfinto those territories where by solemn covenantour nation has stipulated that it should neverenter. The dispassionate judgment of our citizenswill at once teach them that this end, somuch to be desired, cannot be promoted, but, onthe contrary, must be seriously retarded, by thepassage. or continuance on our statute-book, ofa law of acknowledged unconstitutionality. I therefore recommend that so much of this act,entitled, 'An Act to Protect the Rights and Libertiesof the People of the Commonwealth ofMassachusetts,' as may conflict with the Constitutionof the United States, and all laws made inpursuance thereof, be repealed 
