 We feel assured that none of our readers willfail to read the message of the President, which,for the importance of its subject matter, deservesmore than usual attention. The sending of thismessage to Congress before that body had organized,is not the only novelty connected with thisdocument. Innovation upon established usage inits transmission is but the fitting harbinger of aninnovation still more remarkable, which will befound in the document itself. The disrespect forthe popular branch of Congress involved in communicatingthe annual massage before that bodywas in a position to set upon its recommendations,is not more striking than is the extraordinary sealwith which the President, who is sworn to watchover the interests of the whole Union, and to administerthe affairs of the government impartially,throws himself and the weight of his office and influenceinto the southern side in the great moralcontroversy which agitates the Union. But of thismore anon. We should be reluctant to believe that the Presidentreally desired to scarifies the priceless blessingsof peace, and to plunge the nation into a warwith a European power, but there is too much ofthe spirit of the Irishmen at Donneybrook fair pervadinghis message. 'Past eleven o'clock, and nofight yet? Will any gintleman tread on the tail ofme cost?' might he parodied to read, 'Three yearsgone, and no glorious war. Will Great Britain orDenmark give us a pretext?' A foreign war maybe a very convenient way of quieting the slaveryagitation which this administration has incited,but we trust in the good sense of the Americanpeople that they will take from the bold, unscrupulous,and had men at the head of the government,the power to do mischief. glorious There are subjects connected with the internaladministration of the government, discussed in themessage, which we are compelled to pa over atthe present time, and with some remarks upon theextraordinary petition of the President on the slaveryquestion, we close our hasty review of themessage. The discussion of subjects of internalcontroversy is not a new feature in the messages ofthe President, but no President from Washingtondown to Fillmore has approached these delicatequestions in a partisan or sectional spirit. Theyhave invariably treated the controversies whichhave grown out of the antagonistic feelings andinterests of the States in a spirit of conciliationand impartiality, and from a higher stand-pointthan that of party or section. From this establishedand very proper rule of action. PresidentPierce has departed. He has descended from hisofficial position to enter the ring of sectional strife,and to feed the flames of discord which now burnso fiercely in our confederacy. He enlists in theranks of the Southern secessionists and fire-eaters,throws off his coat, tucks up his sleeves, and dealshis feeble blows against that section of the Unionwhich gave him birth, and whose cause should havehad his warmest sympathies. He makes a specialplea which for the hacknoyed style of its argument,would disgrace the most obscure country lawyer,in behalf of the South, and against the North.There is not an argument or assertion in this remarkableplea which has not been urged again andagain by the Clingman, the Stephens, and otherSouthern extremists, and which has not been againand again refuted. But the worst feature of thissectional argument is its gross and palpable injusticeand misrepresentation. The President assumesthat those who are opposing the extension ofslavery into new territories, are 'engaged in theoffensive and hopeless undertaking of reforming thedomestic institutions of other States.' With thislie as a text, he reads to the North a homily uponits aggressive spirit. He assumes that in the controversybetween the interests of slavery and theinterests of freedom, the South has from the formationof the Constitution down to the present dayconceded to the North—that it has not sought toaggrandize itself—that the territorial accessionsupon our Southern borders have not been made tostrengthen slavery, but for the mutual benefit ofthe whole Union. We have no patience to commentupon the detestable flunkeyism of this argument,the object of which is too transparent to requirean exposition. If the slaveholders do notappreciate this last and most object bid for the nextPresidency—if it does not place General Piercemany lengths ahead of all the heartless politicianswho are contending for Southern favor, then willSouthern ingratitude be crowned by an act whichwill eclipse all previous exhibitions of that characteristictrait.   We had supposed that President Pierce hadreached n depth of degradation which was the utmostattainable, but it seems there is a lower deepwhich he has now sounded. When the impartialhistorian writes the history of his administration,he will accord to him the bad preeminence of beingthe first President to light a torch of discordbetween the different sections of the Union, and hewill give to trim the merited title of the first sectionalPresident. the first sectionalPresident. PRESIDENT'S MESSSAGE. On the subject of slavery,the President, true to his natural instincts andthe invariable practice of his administration, goesthe entire Southern doctrine. Of all the Northerndough-faces who have been bought up by the South,President Pierce is the meanest and the most contemptible.It is difficult to believe, in reading thisportion of the message, that it is the production ofany other than a South Carolinian fire-enter towhom the crack of the whip and the clank of chainsare the sweetest music. It is indeed a shame anddisgrace that the Government should be in thehands of so despicable a tool of the Slave Poweras President Pierce has proved himself both by hispublic acts and his official papers. After readingan official document like this, no man can wonderat the course pursued by Atchison, Stringfellow,and their hordes of border ruffians. Through thewhole of their murderous operations in Kansas,they have had the practical aid and comfort of aNorthern President who has thus imbrued his handsin the innocent blood of men, New England born,like himself, but who, unlike him, have been trueto the principles of their Revolutionary Sires, andlike them have sacrificed their lives in their defence.—Dedham Gazelle. RESIDENT'S ESSSAGE. practical —Dedham Gazelle. 
