 In the Melbourne (Australia) Argus, of June 21st, isthe following report of a case which was brought beforethe Country Court of Bourke—His Honor R.W. Pohiman,Erq.. Judge—by a colored American, named Patterson,against a white American, named Travers, forassault and battery. It is an exemplification of Britishjustice which it gives us much pleasure to record. Mr. M'Dermott said this was an action in trespassfor assault and battery. The pleas were, notguilty, and a special plea that defendant was justified,plaintiff having entered a certain room, andbeing requested to withdraw, bad refused to doso, and was thereupon put out, without any unnecessaryviolence. The defendant was an Americangentleman, who was the proprietor of a bowlingsaloon in Great Bourke streat. The game of bowlsis not an English game, but something like a gameof marbled upon a large scale, bowling down objectsin the distance. Those who appreciated thegame were to pay a certain sum for the use of theroom and the balls, which was always paid by theloser. The plaintiff was a gentleman of some respectabilityin Melbourne, and, on the 17th March,he entered the bowling saloon, where there wereMr. Moss and some other gentlemen. Mr. Mossinvited plaintiff to bowl with him, and, whilstdoing so, defendant came up and said that nodarkey should bowl there. The plaintiff replied,that he had as good a right as any one else, butdefendant insisted that he should not remain.Whilst plaintiff was proceedings out of the roomin a way to show that he would not be driven out,the defendant seized upon him and assaulted himin a violent, cowedly and savage manner, saying,I'll show you—niggers not to come into mysaloon.' If this had been a mere ordinary case ofassault, he should have left it to jury withoutfurther comment; but this case was very different,and involved the rights and privileges of aBritish subject, who was to be exposed to suchtreatment because of the color of a skin not like his own—a principle held by the glorious Republicwho enforced the liberty of the subject accordingto their own peculiar notions, and wouldcoerce an individual by the exercise of Lynh lawupon him. Such men would willingly introduceslavery into the colony, with all its abominations,cruelties, and horrors, and enforced by the riflethe bloodhound, and the lash. The laws of thiscountry knew no difference as to color, and hewould deny that the American had so very great aphysical and moral development over the negro assome demanded for him. They had established aRepublic of their own, which was fully equal tothe Republic of America itself; and in manlyfeelings and sentiments, they were unsurpassed,and they were not to be oppressed and ill-treatedbecause they had a dark skin. There was a largelass of honest citizens of that description in Melbourne,and if the plaintiff did not obtain a verdictthat day, it would admit the thin edge of oppressioninto the colony. They could be ejected from abowling saloon, or treated in any other oppressivemanner. The right band of citizenship had beenextended towards them, and they were entitled toall the rights of British subjects. His client hadbeen outraged in his person and his feelings, becausehe was said to belong to a race that was notfit to associate' with the free and enlightened citizensof America; and that doctrine it was attemptedto be held here. The outrage had beencommitted in a place of public amusement, towhich plaintiff had a full right, being willing topay his money; and no notice was given that itwas kept for the use of the Americans, or that anydifference was made as to color. It was a privilegefor the assessors to vindicate their gloriousconstitution, and to return such a verdict in thecase as they considered the plaintiff to be entitledto.  Mr. Zachariah Dunlop Patterson : I am plaintiff.On 17th March, went to a bowling alley inGreat Bourke street. On my way from tea to myplace of business, I stepped in, when a gentlemancalled me to roll. I rolled two bulls, and waswaiting for the pins to be placed so as to knowthem down again, when plaintiff came up, put hishand on my shoulder, and said no darkish shouldroll in that alley—he would not allow it. I replied,that as long as I behaved with proprietyand paid my way. I had a common right with othersto roll. Defendant put down his slate, onwhich he was keeping the game, to put me out.He told me to go out. I told him I would not beput out, but would go out, if he would give metime. He then caught hold of the collar of mycoat. We tossed around the alley, he attemptingto put me out, for someminutes; finally. I gotaway, or he let go. I stood leaning against anoyster room, in connection with the alley, readinga bill, when he rushed towards me, saving, 'Younigger! aint you going out!' I replied, that Ihad always treated defendant as a gentleman, anddid not merit such treatment. He then seized meby the throat, and pushed me against the side ofthe door, and choked me down to the floor, he beinga powerful one, and I a delicate one. Heraised his hand to strike me. when some one said,'Do not strike him.' Heard several persons. whomI supposed to be Americans, say round the alley,'Put the nigger out.' In a short time, I wentout. I was injured, and attended by Dr. Iffia.The defendant left Canada at the time of the rebellion.I was injured in my neck and back, andcould not follow my business the next day. I wasobliged to engage a man. The rules of the bowlingalley are, that loser shall pay at the endof the game. No objection was made to entering. I askedthe marker if the alley was disengaged, and hesaid,'Yes.' I then began the game. Would notswear defendant to be the owner. Was told by defendantthat he had purchased the alley. The firstobjection was by the defendant as to darkish notbeing allowed. I was prepared to pay. Cross-examined by Mr. Ireland: I swear I rolledtwo balls. I have seen English, Irish and Scotchthere. I have played with Englishmen at the backof the Criterion. I could not go into a bowlingalley in America, on account of my complexion.The defendant said that he wished to establish theprecedent that no colored man should play. I didnot know it until he told me in the alley that evening.He put his hand on my shoulder. If hewhispered, it was a very loud whisper. He saidno darkish should bowl in that alley. I ratherthink other people could have heard it. I said Iwould go, if he gave me time. I said that becauseI did not wish to be driven out. Do not knowthat the rest of the company spoke to Mr. Travers,and objected to me, before he attempted to put meout. He pulled me about the alley, and hokedme. Re-examined by Mr. Wood: If I  into achurch in America, I should be put into the negropew, or some kind of pen. I have been in thisbowling alley before, but never played, neitherwas I objected to.  * * * * * Mr. Ireland, for defendant, regretted that somuch wanton and virulent abuse had been importedinto the case against Americans and Americaninstitution, and the American had as much rightto protection as the colored man. He (Mr. Ireland)was opposed to every description of slavery, blackor white, as much as his learned friend who hadmade so much noise upon the subject that day, whoshould not have forgotten that slavery was bequeathedto America by Britons, and it had nowbecome an integral portion of their institutions,that it could not be separated from them. From1752, when the famous principle was enunciated byLord Mansfield, that a slave could not breathe inEngland, until 1832. the negroes in the West Indieswere not emancipated, and then only by thepayment of $20,000,000 derived from the sweat ofthe brows of Her Majesty's subjects. But thiscould not be done in America without dissolvingthe Union. He hoped the time would come whenthe colored men would be more worthy of civil andreligious liberty than they were at present. Theywere but little entitled to the sympathy of thosewho wished to emancipate them, and consideredthat slavery ought to be abolished. The facts ofthe case were. that bowling was a national game,and defendant had taken these premises for thepurpose, at a heavy rent. and his customers werepeculiarly prejudiced against colored men, andknowing that, such men ought not to have intrudedamong them. It was no greater a hardshipthat at home,—a man must wear a dress coat inthe hoaxes of the opera, or that railroad directorsdid not allow servant in livery to ride in first-classcarriages. It was well known that the black manindicated no social position at all, and even whenemancipated, they must turn their energies to betterpurposes that they did at present to remove theopinions of the Americans against them But itwas not because that such a prejudice existedagainst them that Mr. Patterson was to be made avictim and a martyr, and to raise a question as toraces: and he had no business to enter his blackface into the saloon, more especially being the onlyone there. The read question, however, for theirconsideration was. whether Travers had used moreviolence than was necessary to remove this man,and upon that point the case of Wood v. Leadbitterwas conclusive. On the present occasion hethought it right to put forward the claims of America,who might one day become our most powerfulally.The colored men obtained all that theywere entired to, and it would be more good tasteif they were more retiring than they were. Butthis colony was not to be the battle-ground betweenblack and white, and he was sure the assessorswould not make it an arena for any such purpose.He (Mr. Ireland) considered the black lower in thescale than the white, and he preferred white companyto black; but that was not the question, butwhether these men could intrude where they pleasedwithout being turned out. In this case, Traversdid not act of his own motion, but according to therequests of those who were his customers to removean obnoxious individual, to whom Americans bothof the South and other States would object; and itwould be for them to say whether any unreasonableviolence had been used; if not, his client wasentailed to their verdict. He would now call witnesseswho would clearly establish his view of thecase. Mr. Thomas Harvey Travers: I keep a bowlinsalcon.It is a national game. I have been openabout five weeks. I pay $130 a week rent. Ihave been well patronized by Americans. I didnot see the plaintiff come in. I saw him with aball in his hand, and went and whispered low inhis ear, 'You can't roll here.' I whispered so asnot to hurt his feelings. He replied, 'What doyou mean?' I told him the Americans would notcome if I allowed colored men to roll. I said nothingto him at first about darkish. He became a littleboisterous. I told him I wanted no noise in theally, and he must go out. He said he would goout when he was ready. I told him he must goout at once. I put my hand on his shoulder, andtold him to go. He said he would not be put out.I pushed him gently towards the door: he grabbedme by the breast, and resisted. He possessesa little strength, although small. I went and satdown. and went on marking the game. He begantalking and making a noise: and then I went upagain, and told him he must go out right away ; Iwould not wait another minute. He said he wouldnot be put out. I seized him probably by thethroat. In the scuffle we both fell down. He said,'Don't strike me.' I said I did not intend. Hethen said if I let him go, he would go out. I didso, and he went out. I did not use any more violencethan was necessary to remove him. Cros-examined by Mr. M'Dermott: It is againstmy rules to allow a colored man to roll. I tellthem that. I whispered that to plaintiff. Myobjection is. because it would injure my business.I have no written rules : they are in myhead. It is on the ground of self-interest thatI object to colored men in my salon. The Americanswould not support me if I did so. I am nota native of South Carolina, nor have I been there.I was not a policeman in America. I decline answeringwhether I have possessed black men aschattel property. I decline to answer whether Ihave ever branded black men with red-hot irons.I do not believe I put my knee on plaintiff when hefell. I only used sufficient violence to overcomehis violence. [For lack of space, we emit the testimony of the witnesses,pro and con.] Edward R. M'Culloch : The bowling alley is national,and called American. It is supported bythem, and could not be supported without. Mr. M'Dermott : It is not because Americangentlemen wish to amuse themselves, that Britishinstitutions should be trampled on. * * * * * In reply, Mr. M'Dermott said that the argumentused by the other side was, that American prejudiceswere to succumb to British rights. It wasstrange to hear a British counsel in a British courtof justice get up and uphold slavery. Mr. Ireland must object to this, as he had particularlyguarded himself against saying so. Mr. M'Dermott, in continuation, said that he hadlegitimately introduced the subject of slavery—asystem abhorred—and his learned friend attemptedto palliate that system. Lord Brougham had remarked :'Toll me not of rights.—talk not of theproperty of the planter in his slaves. I deny theright, I acknow ledge not the property, The principles,the feelings of our common nature rise inrebellion against it. Be the appeal made to theunderstanding or to the heart, the  is thesame which rejects it. In vain you tell me of lawswhich sanction such a claim. There is a lawabove all the  of human codes, the samethroughout the world, the dawning of the creation, be,(Applause.) Was the plaintiff to be driven out ofthe bowling-alley as though he would contaminatethose assembled? It had been said that the coloredman was physically and morally inferior tothe American. This he denied. They had a highand intellectual development as much as the Americans;there was no blot on the flag of the Republicof Liberia, which could be found upon theAmerican flag; there were to be found in the cotton-fieldsand rice-swamps of South Carolina, amore noble and a more exalted race than thehave the honor of vindicating the rights ofthese men, and by their verdict prove to the worldthat the prejudices of Americas could not overthrowthe rights of British subjects and institutions. Hewould ask them to look at the evidence, and saywhich was the most intelligent, the negro or thedoctor, (the defendant,) and whether plaintiff wasnot worthy of being a citizen in any state in theworld. He was the champion of an oppressed race,a British subject, and native of Canada, and entitledto his rights and standing in the streets ofMelbourne; apart from the accident of his position,he was as respectable as the President of America.(Applause.) He trusted that justice would be alwaysdone to those who had fide from the lash ofthe oppressor and sought refuge in a British port.(Loud applause.)   His Honor, in putting the case to the assessors,ruled that he considered the bowling-alley in whichthe assault had been committed a private place,and they would so regard it. It was a principle oflaw, that every man's house was his castle, and ifit were intruded on, and the party refused on beingrequired, he could be removed, but no more forcemust be used than is absolutely necessary forthat purpose. The point in this case arose, and hewas sorry it did arise, having reference to a largeclass of persons, whose public wrongs they wouldwillingly redress. It could not be held that a coloredman could not be removed from a public place; butany one could be removed from a private place, if intruding,or even from a public place, if drunk ornoisy, but not on account of color. They hadheard the evidence of the plaintiff, that when hisfeelings had been outraged and he was about leavingthe place, Dr. Travers turned on him, a scuffleensued, and he was turned out. Was that justifiedor was greater violence used than was justifiable,under the circumstances? If not, they wouldsay what damages the plaintiff was entitled to, forthe wrong. That there should be no sympathywith the colored race, was used by Mr. Ireland indefence of his client. That this was a question, infact, between black and white, and he thoughthimself justified in doing so, because as he urged,of their moral and physical degradation. But, underthe good providence of God, they lived in timeswhen such prejudices were becoming subdued andovercome. (Applause.) The assessors having consulted for a short time,put a question to His Honor, which, not reachingthe bar, Mr. Ireland was particularly anxious toknow to what it related. His Honor said, they were only inquiring whetherthey could not go higher than £50 in returningtheir verdict. Verdict for plaintiff, £50, and costs, the announcementsof which was followed by a thunderinground of applause. For plaintiff, Mr. M'Dermott and Mr. Wood:Mr. Ireland and Mr. Dawson for defendant. 
