 The autumnal meetings of the Union were heldin the three neighboring towns of Newcastle,Shields, and Sunderland. The following resolutionwas offered:— 'That this Assembly tenders to Rev. GeorgeCuthbert Young, B.A., the expression of its thanksfor the valuable and interesting paper he has nowread on "The Openings for the Gospel in Turkey,"and requests that he will place it at the disposal ofthe Committee. That a recommendation of theclaims of the "Turkish Mission," by a vote of thelast annual assembly of the Union, having givenrise to an apprehension on the part of some persons,to the effect that the Congregational Union ofEngland and Wales look with a degree of toleranceand favor on the slavery of the United States ofAmerica, in consequence of the supposed implicationof many of the Christian organizations of thatcountry in the evil of slavery, this assembly deemsit right to repeat its emphatic condemnation of thelaw and practice of slavery as existing in the UnitedStates, and to declare its undeviating adherenceto the sentiments of the Union, as expressed in itsresolutions on the subject of slavery, adopted bythe Annual Assembly of 1853, and its determinationto carry out as far as possible the resolves itcontains.' Moved by Rev. S.D. Cullen, of Laith, and seconded by Dr. Stowell, upon which Rev. WalterScott, President of Airedale College, said that 'no one could rejoice more than he didat the efforts now being made to  Turkey:at the same time, he could not suffer this motionto pass without entering a against it. They had not been told that the AmericanBoard of Missions was connected in variousways with slavery: that they had slave-churches,and that they held doctrines of the principles ofhension, were quite subversive of the principles ofthe New Testament. They maintained, in someplaces, that because it was not  said inScripture, that children must not be taken fromtheir parents, therefore there was no sin in tearingthe children of slaves from them, and sending themto distant localities. In thie belief, America wasthe stronghold of slavery: and if it could be abolishedthere, it would soon be abolished throughoutthe world; and yet he was sorry to think, thatprofessed Christians in America were the chiefstrength of that stronghold. (Hear, hear.) Hehad no doubt, whatever, that if all the Christiansin America would come forward, and perform theirduty in protesting against slavery, it would soonbe abolished there, and throughout the world. Beforethey made up their minds on this subject, headvised them to read the papers which had beenpublished by Mr. Vincent, the agent of the AmericanTract and Book Society. (Hear, hear.) Nowno one could rejoice more heartily than he did in theprogress which was made in evangelising Turkey,and he prayed that the American missionariesmight be more and more successful; but this wasa very different thing from their connecting themselvesin any way with the American Board ofMissions.'(Hear, hear.)     After amicable discussion, the resolution waswithdrawn, by concert of mover and seconder, inorder that there might not be the remotest appearanceof the evil of tolerating any degree of pro-slaveryprinciple or action. 
