 Kidnapping of Free Negroes in Kentucky— a FreeGiril taken from Ohio and Sold into Slavery— Desperationof the Gang— Negro Traders Implicated. Kidnapping of Free Negroes in Kentucky— a FreeGiril taken from Ohio and Sold into Slavery— Desperationof the Gang— Negro Traders Implicated. The last few days unfolded to the public suchthrilling facts as to create a spirit of indomitabledetermination to purge this community of a classof desperadoes now infesting this section— as toinspire such enthusiastic excitement, seldom, ifever, witnessed in any city. Kidnapping free negroesin Ohio, and deluding our slaves from theirmasters, to recapture and sell them, is an establishedprofession of a gang located upon the borders of theOhio, combining with negro traderrs in the interiorof this State, thereby holdlyt conducting a villainoussystem of piracy, heretofore unknown in the annalsof crime in Kentucky. Kidnapping free negroesin Ohio is an establishedprofession of a gang located upon the borders of theOhio On Friday morning this community was apprisedof the fact, through the agency of colored persons,that a free negro girl was forcibly taken from Ohio,and brought to Kentucky. Suspicion or the statementsof the negroes (which is not evidence inKentucky) proved that Lewis, Allen and HenryYoung, of this county, were the individuals inwhose possession the girl was found. free negro girl was forcibly taken from Ohio,and brought to Kentucky. Arrests were made, our best and prominent citizensturning out to capture the rogues. Lewis andAllen Young were forcibly taken by the people,from prison, and delivered to the authorities ofOhio, where they will be disposed of as the aggravatingmerits of this case deserve. Henry Youngis detained for trial at this side. Thus this sufferingcommunity is to be rid of three brothers,whose bold career of crime was a terror to the peaceand safety of the public. Lewis ans Henry Young openly boast of theirdetermination to burn the city. They confess it tobe their source of livelihood to steal a free negro ordecoy our slaves, and sell them to negro traders.Let me here apprise the slave owners of Kentuckythat negro traders are more to be feared and require acloser watch than the incendiary abolitionists secretlyinsinuating themselves among us. that negro traders are more to be feared and require acloser watch than the incendiary abolitionists It is justly estimated that two-thirds of the slavesthat escape from their masters are transported, throughthe agency of slave dealers, to the South. Let theloser of slave property examine the negro pens ofthe State, and throughout the South, before offeringrewards or looking towards Canada. Now I herefearlessly charge, that any man or set of men, whodeal in slaves as a business or profession, will not hesitatefrom conscientious scruples to receive stolen property,or assist in deluding a contented slave froma home for the sake of gain. two-thirds of the slavesthat escape from their masters are transported, throughthe agency of slave dealers, to the South. any man or set of men, whodeal in slaves as a business or profession, will not hesitatefrom conscientious scruples to receive stolen property Let the citizens of this State frown down theseoffensive characters, destroy their inhuman pens,and the condition of our slaves will be much improved. I have strayed, Mr. Editor, from my subject.The city council met on Monday morning and ordereda meeting of the people to prote their rightsand property, for within five days the city has beenfired in various  and the alarm bell ropescut; in the meantune, seven or eight of our slaveswere missing. This is intolerable. The meetingabove was presided over by Mayor Dobyns. Resolutionswere passed, vigilance committees were appointed,exciting scenes transpired, which wouldnot be in place to name here, and an iron will ofdetermined reform seems to inspire one and all,under the brief and enthusiastic administration ofMayor Dobyns, who is untiring in enforcing the lawmaintaining our rights; and wherever his judicialtalents and legal experience is wanting, he declaresthe city in the hands of the people. The law issomewhere in the books, and the people must ruleand protect themselves, to the best of their knowledgeand belief, on the first principles of nature'sself-defence. May his regin of terror never end!  Startling disclosures were made to-day, regardingthe late terrible powder explosion, with other actsof violence, known in the calender of unhappyevents in Maysville. Yours readers will be duly apprised of new discoveriesand coming important news. Permit meto subscribe myself under the synonym, long familiarto the readers of the Kentucky Yeoman. Kentucky Yeoman. LEGATION. 
