 The old negro whose name has attained such historicalprominence in this country, in connectionwith the Missouri compromise, the Supreme Court,and the general question of African slavery, is nowdone with the things of time; and, though he hadno status before the Supreme Court of the UnitedStates, there is no reason to suppose that his coloror condition excluded him from the presence of thegreat Judge of the universe. In ages yet to come,when the names of the minor actors in the politicsof the day will have been forgotten, Dred Scott andthe decision which bears his name will be familiarwords in the mouth of the ranting demagogue inrostrum and pulpit, and of the student of politicalhistory. The telegraph informs us that Dred diedon Friday, the 17th inst., in the city of St. Louis;and, although the Supreme Court of the UnitedStates overruled his claims to freedom, he died a freeman, and with the consciousness that his wife Marriettand his two young daughters, Eliza and Lixxie,were also loosed from their bonds. status Although Dred's name has made such a stir in theworld, his life was by no means an eventful one. Hewas born on the plantation of the Blow family, inVirginia, and up to about his tenth year he enjoyedhis share of the fun, frolic and sports that usuallyfall to the lot of such fortunate ebon youngsters.He was subsequently carried by his master to St.Louis, and it was during his abode in that city, webelieve, that he changed masters, Blow having soldhim to Dr. Emerson, then a surgeon in the UnitedStates army. In the course of his new master'smilitary career, Dred found himself, from 1834 to1836, located at the military post at Rock Island,in Illinois, and subsequently at the since famousFort Snelling, in Minnesota. Dr. Emerson died, andhis widow, became, and now is, the wife of the Hon.Calvin C. Chaffee, member of Congress from theState of Massachusetts. For some ten years before the death of Dr. ——which event occurred about twelve years since—he had resided in St. Louis, Dred Scott being oneone of the household. But while at Fort Snolling,Dred had taken unto himself as wife the girl Harriott,then also a slave of Major Taliaferro, of theUnited States army. This was his second wife. Hisfirst died childless. Harriett bore him four childrentwo only of whom are living. Their namesare Eliza and Lassie, and their ages are respectivelyabout ten and fifteen.   After the death of Doctor Emerson, Dred Scottbecame the body servant of Capt. Bainbridge, andwas at Corpus Christi on the breaking out of theMexican war. On his return to St. Louis. he made application tohis late mistress on the subject of purchasing thefreedom of himself and family. She, however, wasaverse to the proposition, and refused to entertainit. Then it was that the Dred Scott case" commenced.Dred was informed that having been voluntarilytaken by his master into free territory (Illinoisand Minnesota), he by that act became free.He, therefore, about ten years ago, brought a suitfor his freedom against the executor of Dr. Emerson'swill—Mr. John F.A. Sanford—and the CircuitCourt of St. Louie decided it in his favor. Thatdecision, however, was overruled by the SupremeCourt of the State of Missouri; and thence it camebefore the Supreme Court of the United States,which refused to entertain it on the ground that thedescendants of Africans who had been sold here asslaves, were not, under the constitution, citizens ofthe United States, and therefore not entitled to suein the Supreme Court. This decision was made thetext for vituperative assaults from the press, pulpitand rostrum against the Supreme Court of the UnitedStates; and as well for the principles it settles asfor the dicta it lays down, will continue to be, as ithas been, the fruitful theme of politicians of bothsections for perhaps centuries to come. But, although the decision was not such as DredScott had been led to believe or hope, and althoughunder it he and his family were in the condition ofchattel property, still he, in reality, lost nothing byit. His real owner had been Mr. Chaffee, althoughthe suit was brought against Sanford, the executorof Emerson's will. A representative of the commonwealthof Massachusetts could not, with any sort ofgrace, be the proprietor of human chattels. But, ashe was a non-resident of the State, be could not,under the laws of Missouri, emancipate his slaves.These laws, however, are easily circumvented, wherethe disposition to do so exists, as it did in this case.The Scotts— parents and children—were conveyedback to the representative of their original proprietor,Mr. Taylor Blow, of St. Louis—'one of themboys he was raised with'—as Dred used to expressit, and this Mr. Blow formally entered up theiremancipation in the proper ocurt. Dred was probably not over fifty years of age athis death, although the general impression was thatha was quite an old darkey. His widow is considerablyhis junior. She follows the business of a laundressin St. Louis, and Dred used to aid her in thebusiness by carrying the clothes back and forward.The girls disappeared as soon as they learned theeffect of the Dred Scott decision, but they subsequentlyreturned to the parental roof.—N.Y. Herald. N.Y. Herald. 
