 Extracts from a speech (calculated to delight thewhole body of Southern overseers and slave-drivers,)delivered at a recent Democratic Mass Meeting heldat Bunker Hill, by Hon. E.D. BEACH:— EACH It is not the bristling hosts of some foreign forcewe have to fear. We are in no danger from abroad.Such a peril would but serve to arouse and fire thepeople of all the States as one man. It is the last for power—the much allowed ambitionfor place and distinction—political distinction—an ambition dead, to patriotism and blind to truthand duty—an ambition which would not merely compasssea and land, but would undo the work of therevolution, and roll back the progress of seventyyears for a single triumph. It organizes a sectionalparty—it proclaims a sectional warfare, of freeStates against slave States—it panders to low desiresand local hates—it fires its devotees by freshappeals to old jealousies, old rivalries, and stimulatesnew hatreds. It plants Massachusetts in hostileantagonism to Virginia. It sets New Yorkagainst Georgia, and calls them enemies, foes. Itinstitutes odious comparisons, inflames bad passions,stirs up hot blood, strife and anger. It is the Republicanparty, organized in this way and laboringto this end, that the Democratic hosts must confront—and, sooner or later, this year or the next, overcome. The leaders of this party call for an united Northto rally against a divided South. They ask us tojoin their standard. and to march, not 'under theflag which keeps pace to the music of the Union,'but under their flag, with fifteen stars blotted out.They ask us to oppose the Government under whichwe live, by which we are guarded, defended, protected.They ask us to join and overthrow the administrationof our choice, elected by the unitedvoices and votes of the Democracy of the whole Union—North as well as South, East as well as West.They avow no political principles—but the negationof all principles, blind, mulish opposition. Theyoffer no creed but the spoils of office and hope ofsuccess.  They advance no theories of government,enabling us to judge and determine for ourselveswhether or not what they would substitute is preferableto what they would overthrow. They call'success a duty' —(success, I take it, by any meansand in any way)—and without a why or a wherefore,they ask us to join a rebel camp, to run forluck, and trust to chance for success. Shall we enlistin such service? Shall we do battle in such acause?  No, my friends—it is better to be right andalways a thousand times, than wrong and win a hundredvictories—successes. It is better to be rightand always in a minority at home, than wrong andwear the tinsel of office. Shall we strengthen the arm that scatters thefirebrands of discord at home, and would pull downthe temple of liberty and security above our heads;or shall we stand by the Government that deals impartiallyand justly by all? As a citizen of Massachusetts and the Union, Iknow of no higher duty under the law, than tostand by the President who plants himself squarelyand firmly upon the Constitution of our country,and administraters the government by the rules of law,unawed by clamor and unmoved by threats. I believethe President has faithfully and honestly andconscientiously discharged the duties of his high office,and that he is to-day, by reason of his uprightand manly course, stronger in the confidence andfirmer in the affections of the American people thanever before. It is time that this sectional warfare should cease.It is high time that the politicians of Massachusettsshould leave the agitation of this slavery question—for this is the bitter root of all our political troubies—where the Constitution leaves it, to the Stateswhere it exists, to be maintained or abolished, as thepeople in those States shall decree. The people of Massachusetts, in the exercise ofthe power they possess, early abolished the institutionof African slavery within her borders. In theexercise of the same powers, the people may in theirpleasure restore and re-establish the same institutionhere. It rests with the people, and alone with thepeople of Massachusetts. Virginia and Georgia have no voice in the matter.They have no power over the subject. They haveno right to interfere. They may not say to Massachusettsand the free States, Restore and establishthe institution of slavery, that the system may beuniform throughout the country. Neither mayMassachusetts say to Virginia and the South, abolishslavery, that the system of free States may beuniform throughout the country. Neither has aright to exercise authority over the other in thismatter. Each is sovereign—each is independent—each must act for itself, and be alone responsible forits acts. Massachusetts early led the way by abolishingslavery in her own borders. I apprehend that shewas led to this course less as a matter of principle,of conscience and duty, than as a matter of convenienceand of interest. Other States followed herlead, and others still have yet to follow in their owntime and way—much sooner as a voluntary than aninvoluntary act—and when it shall please God, inhis own chosen time and way, the institution ofslavery every where will be abolished. For somewise purpose. He has made a distinction in color andcapacity and condition between the two races. Itbecomes not us to inquire too critically into the causeor the reason for this distinction, or rashly attemptto change His decrees. Massachusetts has done within her own borderswhat she had a perfect right to do whenever thejudgment and the will of the people required it.She has, wisely or unwisely, removed the barriers ofpolitical distinction between the white man and theblack man. There is a class of men in the Statewho demand that all the barriers of social distinctionshall also be broken down and removed—nay,who would yield to the black man a pre-eminence.They would enroll him in the militia of the Commonwealth,and instal him in the white man's pulpit;they would robe him with judicial ermine andplace him in the jury panel; they would commit tohis hands the duties of legislation and the educationof the white man's children; they would convertthe Commonwealth into an asylum for the free negroesexpelled as well from the free as the slaveStates. Already they throng our towns and cities;they hold conventions; they put forth politicalcreeds; they boast of their influence and strength;make claims and extraordinary demands—demandsof ominous, disgusting import—repulsive and offensive. This government was established by white men,and should always be controlled by white men. Ihave no sympathy with the men or the party ofmen who would elevate the negro to a politicaland social equality with the white man. I have nomanner of patience with the politicians who panderto this sickly sentimentality—this vitiated taste—as a means of elevation to popular favor. ☞This Hon. (?) E.D. BRACH is, and has beenfor several years past, the hopeless an shameless candidateof the pro-slavery, Border-Russian Democracyfor Governor of Massachusetts. At the conclusion ofhis despicable harangue, Col. JAMES GARDNER, ofGeorgia, was introduced to the meeting. RACH AMES ARDNER Col. Gardner said, that under our confederatedsystem of government, in which so many Statesand communities live in happiness and prosperity,there are a few great principles recognized whichare dear to the hearts of Democrats throughout theextent of this Union. Among these are freedom ofworship, equality of rights among citizens, and thesanctity of private property and the sacred obligationof non-interference in the local and domesticaffairs of the separate States. Under this system,the great Democratic party exists, and these principlesare a common bond of brotherhood and unionbetween the citizens of Massachusetts and Georgia;and citizens of the South feel that they may be athome among the sons of a Northern climate. Thepeople of the South are glad to see the prosperity ofyou here, and it is only when you trespass and encroachupon the rights of others that we are disposedto cherish that jealousy, that hostility, andthat spirit of conflict, which inspired your fathersand our fathers in the great contest which resultedin the Declaration of Independence, and the establishmentof the Constitution under which we live.(Applause.) Col. Gardner, alluding to the slavery question,said it was only a day or two since that he saw inthe Museum a bill of sale of a negro, dated 1771,from one citizen of Massachusetts to another. Yetthe people of Massachusetts got rid of the institutionin their own wisdom and in their own goodtime, and without dictation from abroad. That isthe way we shall do it, if we ever do, but we scorndictation from any source or from any quarter.(Cheers.) When that great battle of constitutionalliberty for the Anglo-Saxon race was going on inthis country, the flag that was unfurled was unfurledover thirteen Colonies, twelve of which recognizedthe institution of slavery. It has recededfrom points where it then existed, and it has advancedto others where it now lives and flourishes,and it has not carried desolation in its path; butcommunities, prosperous, moral and Christian, existand prosper where that institution flourishes. Thesame religion, the same love of civil and religiousfreedom, and for the purity of the ballot box and ofthe judicial ermine, exists as among you. All thatwe and the National Democracy ask of the BlackRepublican party is, that they adhere to the greatcharter of American liberty, and the rights of theseveral States under it be strictly construed and sacredlypreserved; and the Democracy hold that thatman is the best patriot who stands up firmest to theConstitution. The Democracy believe that so longas the Constitution is carried out in its letter, thecountry will continue prosperous and happy; butthat the moment these great principles which areembalmed in our hearts are torn down and trampledunder foot by the fanaticism of the Black Republicanparty, the Union becomes worse than a bond ofsand, and will be scattered to the four winds; andthat the same principles which inspired our forefathersto draw the sword for the protection of theirrights, will band our several sections in organizationsfor the protection of themselves and theirrights. But, happily, the sectional contest is pastand gone. The issues which were made in 1851have one after another been settled. Even Kanalsbleeds no longer. Her wounds are healed, and itis not for a Southern hand to tear them open.(Cheers.) Fanatics and demagogues in the Northmay endeavor to stir up had blood for purposes oftheir own, and to fan fires of fanaticism, so thatthe people will again forget their good sense andtheir legitimate pursuits, but they will fail of theirpurpose. The South remains quiet, non-aggressive,yet self-protecting; capable of taking care of herself,yet holding to that maxim declared by Gen. Jackson—toask for nothing but what is right, and tosubmit to nothing that is wrong. (Cheers.) In conclusion, Colonel Gardner expressed thehope that Democratic triumphs were in store, notonly in the country, but in Massachusetts. he sawtoo much good Democratic seed sown to be entirelyfruitless. He thought the people might find morecongenial employment for Black Republican leadersthan sending them to fill national legislative seats,and to throw insults in the teeth of their Southernbrethren—such as the missionary service to the negroesin Africa. (Laughter and cheers.) ☞At the same pseudo Democratic meeting, EDWARDRIDDLE, of Charlestown, (horse and carriageauctioneer, and a windy demagogue, always up for a'bid' for himself,) was called to preside, and in thecourse of his tumid harangue, said of the Republicanparty— DWARD IDDLE This is the party which, by their false, selfish andungenerous attacks upon our Southern institutions,have not only embarrassed the best interests of ourmechanics, but very materially deteriorated ourtrade and commerce with the South and West. This is the party that numbers in its ranks a portionof clergymen who defile their sacred calling bypreaching from their pulpits seditious political sentiments.In one servant Christian appeal they willinvoke a blessing upon mankind, and in another advocatethe shedding of fraternal blood, rather thanslavery shall any longer exist agreeably to the lawsof the country. In a word, this is the party thataspires to held the reins of American governmentand the everlasting away of Massachusetts. Andthey really expect to accomplish all this! Whenthat day arrives, our national constellation shines nomore! American independence will only be knownas an historical event, and the plains of our republicwill be bleached with the bones of the national andpatriotic men of our generation. But, in the languageof one whose name will never die, 'We shallcome to no such ignoble end. We shall live, andnot die. The ill-omened sounds of fanaticism willbe hushed; the ghastly specters of enemies of untied constitutionalliberty, if their hatred cannot be appeared,may prepare to sear their eye-balls as they beholdthe steady flight of the American Eagle on his burnishedwings for years and years to come.' 
