 There have arisen men of a pro-slavery partyin the North who are doing and will do what theycan to deaden the sympathy and root out the love ofliberty, which has its abode in every true Massachusettsheart. There is no doubt at all that the aristocraticelement, which has its basis on mere moneyor assumption, is somewhat active just now in ourmidst. A genuine aristocracy, founded upon publicsentiment, exalted talents or philanthropic deeds, werespect; but the mere assumption, the counterfeit,which has its origin and its end in office-holding,and the accumulation of money, we despise. It isthis latter class which comprises the pillars andfoundation-stone of Massachusetts Buchananism.It has an utter horror of a negro, because it is pleasingto the South to have it so, and it affirms veryoracularly that a 'nigger' is much better off as aslave than he would be as a freeman. You cannotimpress it with a generous emotion. It is alwaysready to return a fugitive, to flunkey to a slaveholder,to sneer at bleeding Kansas, to ridicule the sufferingsof Mr. Sumner, and to say that Brooks servedhim right when he struck him down in the SenateChamber. It will not hesitate to claim for thecoffle, the chain-gang and the auction-block Christiansanctification. This class of men, aided and backed by the NationalAdministration, have done more to retard theprogress of truth and Christian civilization in thiscountry than most of the other causes combined.They would, to-day, establish slavery in Massachusetts,if it were possible for them to do it, and theywould put it into their next platform, that no manshould be regarded a Democrat who does not own atleast one negro. This would be made the test of aman's nationality, and of his regard for the Union.We do not overstate the fact. Every one can seethat these men are at heart as much in favor of slave-holdingas any of the planters in South Carolina.It is the innate principle of aristocratic dominationwhich pervades their whole system, and gives toneto their political creed. When they say a man isnot national, they mean that he is an anti-slaveryman. When they speak of nationality, they mean apro-slavery nationality, and nothing else. They sayMassachusetts is not national in her sentiments, becauseMassachusetts is anti-slavery in her sentiments;and when they say, as they did at the meetingin Charlestown, they must send men to Congresswho will be national, they mean that they must sendmen who will vote as Mr. Keitt, Stephens of Georgia,Mason of Virginia, and other leaders of thepropagandists, vote. That is what they mean, andall that they mean. Instead of taking their standon the side of liberty, they bow their necks, likesubject serfs, to the will of a lot of slaveholders, who,while they rule them, despise them, and who willreject and revile them when they are of no furtherservice. No one knows better than this same class that noState in the Union has been less aggressive upon theSouth, or more obedient, more loyal to the requirementsof the Constitution, that Massachusetts; butbecause Massachusetts will not bow her neck to theassumptions of an oligarchy, or bare her back tothe lash of the overseer, or bow her head and kissthe dust from the master's shoe, she is sectional, fanaticaland unloyal. God grant that he may everbe so! There is the glory of the past and the gloryof the present. There, at least, they are secure, andthey are an earnest of the hereafter. Massachusetts,though occupying a small geographical areaon the map of the Union, fills more pages in thehistory of the Union than any other in it; and thisis because her people have minds and hearts imbuedwith an innate regard for liberty, and they have theintelligence and courage to speak for it whereverthey go, and to fight for it wherever the may be. 
