 A recent decision in what is familiarly known asthe Dred Scott case has brought this Court prominentlybefore the public. It may, therefore, he interestingto know how this tribunal is constituted. Congress has divided the Untied States into nineJudicial Circuits; in each a Circuit Judge is appointedpointed by the President, with the confirmation ofthe Senate.  These nine Judges most at Washington,on the first Monday in December, and constitutethe Supreme Court of the United States. It issaid that the Circuits have always been so arrangedthat a majority of the Judges has been from slaveholding states. At all events, such is the case atpresent. Each of the nine Circuits, as now constituted,embraces the following States. We annex the nameof the Judge and the population of each Circuit accordingto the census of 1850. First Circuit—Maine, New Hampshire, Massachusetts,and Rhode Island—Benjumin R, Curtis ofMassachusetts, Judge—Population, 2,043,204. Second Circuit—Vermont, Connecticut, and NewYork—Samuel Nelson. of New York, Judge—Population,3, 782.306. Third Circuit—New Jersey and Pennsylvania,Robert C. Grier, of Pennsylvania, Judge—Population,2,801,341. Fourth Cuircuit—Delaware, Maryland and Virginia—Peter V. Daniel of Virginia, Judge—Population,slaves included, 2,046,227; slaves excluded,1,531,041. Fifth Circuit—Alabama and Louisiana—John A.Campbell of Alabama, Judge—Population, slavesincluded, 1,289,885; slaves excluded, 701,732. Sixth Circuit—North Carolina, South Carolinaand Georgia—James M. Wayne of Geergia, Judge—Population, slaves included, 1,643,731; salvesexcluded, 789,932. Seventh Circuit—Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, andMichigan—John M'Lean of Ohio, Judge—Population,4,217,939. Eighth Circuit—Kentucky, Tennessee and Missouri—John Catron of Tennessee, Judge—Population,salves included, 2,667,166; slaves excluded,2,129,304. Ninth Circuit—Misnssippi and Arkansas—Population,slaves included, 816,223; slaves excluded,583,912. Four free states, Iowa, Wisconsin, California andMinncaota; and two slave states, Florida and —are not included within any Circuit. The Ninth Circuit is without a resident Judge;but the Fourth has two—Roger B. Taney of Mary.land, and Peter V. Daniel of Virginia. The formeris the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court. Thirteen Free States, with a population of 12,844,790. are divided into four Circuits, and furnishfour Judges of the Supreme Court. Thirteen SlaveStates, with an aggregate population of 8,512,232,or a free population of 5,735,921. furnish fiveJudges, one of whom is the Chief Justice. If we are accused of a sectional spirit in makingthese comparisons, we would remind the reader thatCongress has shown the same, by setting off the FreeStates into Circuits by themselves, and the SlaveStates into Circuits by themselves. It did not useto be so before sectionalism became so rampant atWashington. In the last Congress, the thirty-fourth, at the closeof the last session, a resolution, at the instance ofMr. Stanton of Ohio, was passed by the House, callingupon the Secretary of the Interior to procusefrom the Clerks of the several Circuit and DistrictCourts a statement of the number of cases on theirrespective dockets. The report made at the last sessionshows that two Free State Circuits, the Secondand Seventh, have each more business than all thefive Slave State Circuits put together. Mr. Stantonhad the report referred to the Judiciary Committee,with instructions to inquire into the expediency ofre-organizing the Circuits so as to equalize the business.But they made no report, and Mr. Stantonsays, they never will. never will. The Judges are appointed by the President and amajority of the Senate. In making these appointments,sectional considerations appear to have a decidedinfluence. When the last vacancy occured inthe Second or New York Circuit, Chancellor Walworthof New York was nominated. His democracywas unquestioned; but he was suspected of unsoundnesson the slavery question. So he was rejected bythe Senate, and Judge Nelson appointed in his place. unsoundness Senator Badger of North Carolina was nominatedto fill the last vacancy in the Fifth Circuit, but hehad expressed the opinion that Congress has theright to prohibit slavery in the territories. So theSenate rejected him, and put Judge Campbell in thevacant place. By these and other like changes, so as to get theright tools in the right place, the President and Senate,representing the great and mighty overshadow.ing oligarchy of this country, at length formed aSupreme Court, whose blanted moral perceptions,legal quibbling, and strong sectional prejudices wereenough for the Dred Scott decision, and, perhaps,for something more. right tools 
