 The Democratic meeting in Charlestown has beenheld. The speeches have been made, the processions,the music, the fireworks have disappeared.The Union, for the ten-thousandth time, has beensaved, Massachusetts has been again abused, and thepatriotism of her people impugned. Sectionalismhas been severely cuffed, and the poor black man hasagain been crucified. The administration of JamesBuchanan has been eulogized, and a surfeit of fulsomeflattery has been offered to the shrine fromwhence come the spoils and honors of federal office. It is an easy thing to get up demonstrations likethis in the vicinity of Boston. The hordes of custom-houseofficers, post-office clerks, navy-yard contractors,their dependants and expectants all clusteringhere, swarm on occasions like this, like bees ina hive, and go buzzing about with glee like a swarmon a bed of poppies or a field of clover. Great isDemocracy! great is the power of federal patronage! We have read the speeches and considered the resolutions.They all, speeches and resolutions, haveone key-note, and that is SLAVERY. Much is saiddirectly, much is left for inference. The resolutionsdistinctly claim for the slaveholder the same right totake his slave property into the Territories of theUnion, and to have it protected, as they do for theNew England manufacturer to take his cottons andcalicoes into the Territories, and have them protected. LAVERY. This is the first time, we believe, that any partyin Massachusetts has had the hardihood to expressa sentiment so at war with humanity, with soundpolicy, and with the past history of the country;and this is the doctrine which the people of Massachusettsare called upon to endorse at the next election,by giving their votes to the Democratic candidate.The people are called upon to give a voluntaryendorsement of the Dred Scott decision, a decisionat war with the entire constitutional policy advocatedby Mr. Webster during his whole life, andthe decisions of the Supreme Court given by ChiefJustice Marshall, and with the uniform practice ofthe Federal Government from its origin to the adventof James Buchanan. No principle of the governmentwas ever better understood than this, thatslavery could exist nowhere except by positive law.So said the earl Presidents, and Congresses, andCourts. So said Henry Olay, Daniel Webster, JohnMcLean, Judge Curtis; and such was the universalopinion of the Whig party of this country, asevinced by their resolutions, platforms, speeches,votes and practices; and such, we may say, was theexpressed opinion of the Democratic party of theFree States, and especially of Massachusetts. Againstthis accumulated and concurrent testimony ofthe past, we have the resolutions adopted at Charlestownon Monday night, which, in these words, affirm 'the rights of citizens of territories comingfrom North or South, involving their property ofall descriptions, whether of fabrics of New Englandmanufacture, or THE PROPERTY IN NATIONS, ARE SACURD.' the rights of citizens of territories comingfrom North or South, involving their property ofall descriptions, whether of fabrics of New Englandmanufacture, or This is what we call 'putting it strong.' Theonce who passed these resolution affect great regardfor the old Whig party, and the old Whig leaders,and specially for Mr. Webster; now every manknows, who knows anything, that the doctrinesenunciated in this resolution are as diametricallyapproved to the doctrines of the old Whig party andof Mr. Webster as are the doctrines of Mahomet tothose of the New Testament. They are as perniciousas they are infamous. They open our territoriesto the influx of slavery, and there is no powereither in Congress or the people of the territory toprevent it. This is Democracy, this is what thepeople of Massachusetts must subscribe to beforethey can be regarded an 'national,' and as fit to beregarded as lovers of the Union. It was very appropriateto burn 'blue-lights' when such doctrineswere being enunciated at the base of Bunker Hill.We are glad, however, that the resolutions havebeen passed, for we think, before the canvas is clused,the people will understand their purport, andforswear their treachery. 
