 Extracts from a dirty speech delivered by BANJAMINF. HALLETT, at the State Democratic Conventionrecently held at Worcester:— ANJAMIN ALLETT There is yet this black mist hanging over thecommon sense of Massachusetts,—this negro fanaticism,not unlike her ancient delusion upon witchcraft.The fanaticism of witchcraft ruled the Stateseven or eight years before the people drove it out,and he thought that the abolition witchcraft wouldlast about as long. It was true, there had been norecent hanging of witches or Quakers in Massachusetts,but although the abolitionists have not hungman or women, they have hung and banished decencyand common sense, church and Bible, law andconstitution! They have proscribed every creed acceptthe black one, and reduced all political virtueto supreme love of the colored race. black mist He had not time to contrast, as should be done,the different sorts of professions of 'freedom' toughingthe negro question which were made by the Republicans,so called, in and out of New England.So absurd and impracticable are these theories ofnegro 'freedom,' about which they talk so muchthat their last idol, Mr. Tom Corwin, of Ohio, declaresthat the only way by which they propose toliberate all the slaves in the Union is to cut theirthroats! That is really and in fact the only practicaldoctrine as to results to which political abolitionismhas arrived in this country! They can freethe slaves only by exterminating them. Mr. Corwinis right. Carry it out, and the surest way to freethe slaves is to cut their throats, and then of coursethey will be free! freedom Just so Mr. Senator Trumbull and the Republicansout West go for a war of extermination uponthe poor negro. They won't let him live any where.Mr. Trumbull and Mr. Lincoln were trying to defeatMr. Douglas for the Senate, in Illinois, withthis sort abolitionism, and therefore he hoped thatJudge Douglas would beat them. Mr. Trumbullavows openly that the purpose of the Republicanparty, if they get into power, is to banish the negroesboth slave and free, from the free Stales! Mr.Blair, the leading Southern Republican, proposesto drive them all out of the slave States! MrTrumbull declares that the territories must be settledwith free white men exclusively, and the negroesmay go 'elsewhere'! He don't care where theygo, but they must go 'elsewhere'! (Laughter.)And this banishment of negroes is the Republicandoctrine every where out of New England, even inKansas! While in Massachusetts, the black 'freedom'doctrine is, that you are to take the negroesinto your bosoms while living, as the colored preacherpromised them father Abraham would do whenthey died! Mr. Hallett said that might be in thegreat hereafter, but he thought that before fatherAbraham received the negro into his bosom, hewould be washed and made as white as the whiteman. (Applause.) to banish the negroesboth slave and free, from the free Stales! to drive them all out of the slave States! territories free white men exclusively must elsewhere freedom This talk of negro social equality and absorptionof the race is the Massachusetts creed of abolitionism,and we begin to see its effects upon the coloredpeople. They begin to insist upon performance aswell as profession, and thus we see the negroes assemblingin conventions, as they did the other dayat New Bedford, demanding not merely politicalequality, but entire social equality with the whites,and proclaiming that all the blacks had to do wasto get money, and the rich white men would be runningafter them to marry their daughters! Mr. Hallett then spoke of general politics, andsaid that the principles of the democratic part andthe policy of the administration had settled theslavery question. It has settled it in the old States,it had settled it as to the admission of new States,and now it is settled in Kansas and the territories;and let our opponents struggle as they may, theycannot resuscitate it. Every body who had landeda big fish knew that it always kicked and flouncedand made a great bother for a little while after youhad got it out of the water, but lat it alone, and itwould die of itself, without even knocking it on thehead. And it would be just so with this ugly blackfish that has been soiling our political waters, thisKansas slavery agitation. It was all that was leftto the opposition, and it was being disposed of now,for it had been taken out of Congress and landed inthe territory, and there let it kick till it dies of itself.(Applause.) That would be the end of all the clamor aboutthe President and Congress oppressing Kansas, andforcing a slave Constitution upon her which shecould change whenever she liked! Oppression innot letting Kansas be a State' Why, she neverhad been fit to become a State—a poor, little, weakand miserable territory, of a transient and shiftingpopulation, without money enough in all her bordersto build a State House or court house, or evena jail—and she will need the jail more than anything else, judging from the specimens we have sentthere. (Laughter.) Why, it was a mercy that shewas not a State, and obliged to support herself.And after all, it turns out that she don't want herselfto be a State quite yet. That is the oppressionand injustice to Kansas! oppressing For a long time, nobody could tell what she didwant. Finally, we told her she might come intothe Union if she wanted to, and then fix up hermatters to suit herself. She rejects the proposition,and says she don't want to come in. We say, verywell, wait till you do want to! (Applause.) Ifthat is oppression and violence, let the abolitionistkick at it, and make the most of it! Just as if aproposition of marriage should be made to a verysickle young lady, and she can't make up her mindwhether she wants to be married or not. Verywell, you say, wait till you are old enough to makeup your mind! do That is the terrible oppression with which Kansashas been treated! And now, all we say is, let herwait till she has grown big enough to set up house-keepingfor herself, and we shan't object, in hercase, whether she has 93,000 inhabitants or not,when she asks to come in, if she behaves decently,and can really make up her mind what she wants,and comes to Congress with a Constitution republicanin form. That was the end of Kansas, andwith it would be the end of 'negroism.' negroism. Mr. Hallett further regarded the doctrines of NewEngland abolitionism as a board and impossible, becausethey went against the great law of races,which had shown from the beginning that the childrenof Ham could never be brought into socialequality with the children of Japheth. To attemptto force such an unnatural condition of society inthis country was hopeless, and therefore we say, toGod, who created the negroes black for some wisepurpose, and has always permitted them to be heldin bondage, should be left the disposition of thatrace of men who are in slavery. At all events,what was done in Massachusetts was of no moreconsequence, as affecting their condition, than theaction of the African king of Dahomey, who wonderedwhat the rest of the world thought of him andhis government! Massachusetts was a very boastfulState at home, but she was a very small Statewhen you got a hundred miles away from her. Herpolitical bigotry and bitter denunciations of otherStates have deprived her of all respect and of alljust influence in the nation. Where, under her present system, has she any influencefor any good purpose? She is degraded anddespised for her wild abolitionism, as 'the negroState,' and the only thing that saves this political'Sodom,' in giving her any national character orrespect in the Union, are the tried and faithful andholy men who adhere to the Constitution and sustainthe national Democratic party. If it were notfor that, the fire of universal indignation would descend,and Massachusetts would be consumed in heriniquity. But we do not mean to leave her to sucha political fate. The Democrats are bound to stayin her, and persevere until they have subdued theburthen, and restored Massachusetts to her originalposition as a part of the promised land! 
