 Correspondence of the N.Y. Tribune. OBERLIN, Ohio, Sept. 14,1858. I was in one of the bookstores about 1:30 p. m.yesterday, when a gentleman came rushing in, palewith excitement, and cried out, 'They have carriedoff one of our men in broad daylight, and are an houron their way already!' broad daylight 'They can't have him!' we all screamed together,and rushed into the street. The news was only justgetting out, having come from a gentleman whochanced to meet the fleeing party, a mile or twosouth of the village. Brief words were spoken, andthen a rush to the livery stables. But nearly all thehones were out. Such as could be obtained werespeedily on their way. Fanners' wagons, privatecarriages, and every hock in town were chartered asfast as they could be. In fifteen minutes the squarewas alive with students and citizens armed withweapons of death. Revolvers slid quietly into theirplaces, rifles were loaded and capped, and shot-guns,muskets, pistols and knives bristled or peeped onevery side. The great difficulty experienced in gettingconveyances, however, was a serious hindrance,and it was a full hour before I could get started. They can't have him This side of Pittsfield our tire ran off, but in tenminutes we had it on again. So far as we couldlearn, the kidnappers had taken the road to Wellington,which would be their nearest station on theCleveland, Columbus and Cincinnati Railroad; andwe knew that if they waited there for the train, theycould not get away till 5 o'clock. We pressed onhard, and made the nine miles in a trifle over anhour. Passing through Pittsfield, we hallooed to agroup at the store, and bade them join us. Somelying fellow responded, 'We're all Democrats here!'Lay that away against election. When we had arrivedwithin two miles of Wellington, a young manmet us, driving furiously, and begged us to push onwith all possible has to, as the rascals were alreadyovertaken and surrounded! You may guess that nograss grew under our feet. Arrived at last, we dismounteda little outside, and forming in ordermarched up with arms in sight. Quite a crowdwere collected, but only a few seemed resolute,though all were intensely anxious and excited. Theyreceived us with great cheering, as they did also thecompanies that kept constantly arriving thereafter.The parties of whom we were in pursuit were in thesecond story of the Brick Hotel; but the landlord,who was a faithful Buchaneer, determined to keepevery one out. A Justice of the Peace and his assistants,however, could not be kept out, and wentup to make official inquiries. After them also a fewof our own company by some means gained admittances,and learning the facts reported them to us. It seems that a young colored boy, 18 or 20 yearsof age, had been wicked enough to run away fromsomewhere down South, having that disposition tobetter his circumstances, if possible, than whichnothing could be more laudable. Correspondencehad been going on with reference to said boy, similarto that I informed you of a few days since, bywhich means somebody had come for him, butwhether it was his master or not, I did not positivelylearn, and do not can. A man, calling himselfU.S. Marshal Lowe, bad forms of papers with him,purporting to have been issued by U.S. authoritiesat Columbus, but mysteriously lacking a seal!Then was no assurance whatever, therefore, thatthen persons had even the shadow of the Great PirateAct to shield them, and the crowd began to getvery ominously restive. By this time the alarm hadspread widely, the accessions from Oberlin had becomeformidable, and the square was nearly full.Hundreds of ladies crowded the sidewalks, the stores,all adjacent windows, and the nearest roofs. Thecrowd began to cry fiercely, Bring him out!''Bring out the man!' 'Out with him!' Out!''Out!' Companies of men, fully armed, repeatedlyneared the door, ready for their work; but weremet as frequently by the local officials before mentioned,with the solemn assurance that if they wouldonly be patient, the Marshal and his men should bearrested for kidnapping, and be judged by the letterof the law. Bring him out!''Bring out the man!' 'Out with him!' Out!''Out But minutes lengthened into half hours, and halfhours, added to each other, drew on the night. Theprospect was getting dark. The rumor was rife,and scarcely questioned, that a telegram had beensent to the United States Marshal at Cleveland formilitary succor, and although they could not comein by the 5 o'clock train, they might charter an extra.The men would wait no longer, and preparedagain for the assault. The poor fellow's pleadingface the attic window stirred the blood too deepfor quiet, and the word went round again that hemust he brought out! The local officials now withdrew,promising not to interfere in any way. Justnow, too, the Marshal approached, under the protectionof a constable and one of our party, and,going a few doors one side, drew half the crowd afterhim to read his papers. He thought that h is papers,when exposed to view, would frighten everybodyhome. Poor man! his simplicity was to be pitied.The warrant of a company of pirates, though theysit in Columbia's capitol, has no right in it; andthe power of Democracy was weakness that day.While the Marshal was reading, the front door wasthrown open, and the crowd rushed up, headed bypersons who carried no illegal weapons. hemust he brought out The landlord soon appeared here, however, andseriously hindered those who sought entrance. In atwinkling, therefore, a ladder was placed against thebalcony, guarded at both ends by the right men, andall want up who desired. Some picked men weremarshaled and led up the second flight of stairs tothe attic door. Two or three men were inside toguard the prey, and one or men who had better motives.But resistance was not thought of, for althoughthe assailants would not have harmed theguard so long as they were quiet, the first shot orstroke of resistance would have been answered inkind. After a moment's hesitation, the door wasunfastened from within, opened from without, andthe next instant, while the crowd rushed down thefront way, huzzaing at the top of their lungs, theprisoner was borne out through a rear door, to acarriage in waiting, and immediately took his departurefor the North, amid the shouts of his friends.I am informed by an eye-witness, that the slaveholderand his assistant were in the hall, during theascent to and the demount form the attie, quietlystanding aside out of every one's way, and havingno weapons at all in sight. Nobody here believes that land-pirates have anymore right to 'life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness'than water-pirates. As soon as the first burst of rejoicing was over,Marshal Lowe appeared at the attic window besidethe gentleman who had protected him among thecrowd, and begged through his protector to know ifhis life would be safe now that the black man wasgiven up and gone. The cry was, 'Yes.' Some oneshouted, 'They will be safe now, if they are neverto come again' but if they come again, no one willbe accountable for their lives a moment!' The'Aye', 'Aye,' 'Aye,' that indorsed this must havemade the gentleman in question feel queer all theway from their hats to their hoots. Since writing the above, I am told that the Marshal'spapers were all right, having whatever sealwas necessary; but the coward did not serve them,and is therefore, de facts, at any rate, nothing betterthan a kidnapper. The fugitive had been sickfor some time, and was still weak. But not daringto lay hands on him in Oberlin, they hired a boy tooffer him a ride but into the country and back again,and when he drew up to their carriage, two miles outsidethe village, they obliged him to change conveyances,and at once hurried him off. They selectedthe daytime and the dinner hour for their work, forthe obviously good reason that every one was thenleast suspicious. The conduct of Marshal Daytonhad put every one upon their guard at sight, and itwould have been almost impossible to have succeededin any other method beside that chosen. The Marshal'spapers were returnable in Columbus, where,of course, every thing would have been quietly settled.It was unmitigated kidnapping so far as itwent; but, bless God, it didn't go far. No one washurt, not a sbilling's damage was done, not a shotfired, and the boy saved! de facts The Kentucky officer appeared upon the balcony,under protection, and said he 'had come to executethe laws, but we had been too much for him!' Agentleman instantly sprang upon a box, and beggedhim to carry back to Kentucky, 'That no one needcome here to carry off our citizens, for they wouldfind us too much for 'em every time! We believein State Sovereignty, and the moment a slave touchesOhio soil he is free, and all the South combined cannotcarry him back, if we say No!' The Kentuckianbegged through his protector, in imitation ofthe redoubtable Marshal, to know if his life wouldbe graciously spared, and received the same assurancethat was given before. I have just this momentlearned that the use these rascals are makingof the indulgence granted them, is to tarry quietlyin their quarters, and plot further mischief. Twostudents of yesterday's party, returning to-day for amissing gun, were pursued by the Marshal, and bythe hardest driving only escaped him. We shall nottolerate this. If they do not leave soon, we shallsend a Committee to see them off. Had they notappeared to realize most fully their hair-breadth escapelast evening, we should have insisted upon seeingthem on board the next train, without compromise. But to conclude. The whole line of our returnmarch was triumphal. Nearly every farm-house hademptied its occupants into the road to cheer andbless us, and we returned their greetings in thewarmest style. At home, the whole town was out.In front of the Post-Office they joined us in threeterrific groans for Democracy, and three gloriouscheers for Liberty. In front of the Palmer Housethese were repeated, and then one standing up, commandedsilence, and spoke as follows: 'Genetleman,we know not what may hereafter be attempted. Butwe want to know who can be relied on. So manyof you as will here solemnly pledge yourselves torally on the instant of an alarm, armed and readyto pursue and rescue, say 'Aye!' The response was enough to make a man's hairstand up. It was repeated three times. Threegroans were given for Marshal Dayton, throughwhose voluntary correspondence the fugitive's retreatwas discovered, as there are the best reasonsfor believing. He wisely left town, and kept awayfrom Wellington. When he returns, if he dare returnat all, he must either come penitent, or he mayhave serious groanings to do for himself. The populaceare almost furious at him. Finally, it wasvoted with deafening unanimity that whoever laidhands on a black man in this community no matterwhat the color of authority, would do so at the perilof his life! If the occasion comes, it will be seenthat this was no empty talk. We to the slaveholderor Marshal that comes prowling about Oberlinhereafter! A fugitive cannot be taken fromhere. A number of speeches kept the crowd togetheruntil a late hour. 
