 Mr. Garrison is pleased to call the article which Isent you—a few days since, in relation to his recentdemonstration in New York, 'libellous,' and a 'malignant,attack' upon his 'religious character.' libellous religious character. O no, my dear Mr. Transcript, the artic is metAbdleus—there is not a particle of malignity aboutit. It was written in the very best spirit, and for thePtion of the very best object in this world. Mr.Garrison known very little of the debt of gratitudebe owes me; and which I should be the last person,to mention, were I not driven to it, by his injustice,upon the present occasion.  Abdleus  As long ago as the Mayoralty of Gund bymust, when Mr. Garrison entiated the memorable appearin this city, and was pursued by a furious such,I exerted myself, in a humble way, to save him frombeing torn to pieces. He had then a hankering forthe crown of martyrdom, but discovered, as itdrew near, a very pardonable reluctance to wear it—the spirit was willing, but the flesh insolvablyeain.   Mr. Garrison can never know how often I haveendeavored to find some palliation for his preposterousviolence, when I have heard grave and wisemen, in every rank of society, affirm that he was a'great public nuisance.' great public nuisance. I have heard even abolitionists may, when esteemplating some of his furious predestines, that heought to be straight, waistcoated. I have, on suchoccasions, begged then to allow something for thezeal of a reformer, who must be a little in advanceof public opinion—and something for his peculisttemperament, which converted his ink— into avial of wrath, and his pen into a harpoon.  But Mr. Garrison has gone furiously forward, frombad to worse, until nothing, however sacred, in theestimation of mankind, is suffered to escape his rudelt, if, in his opinion, it lies in the way of 'imteemancipation.' The Magna Charta of our nationalrights has long been the foot-ball of Mr. Garrisonand his association; and now these very madmanwould touch mankind to look with conceptupto the faith of their fathers, and upon that Bibletheir Magna Charta for  as both, not ofinspiration, but as a volume which is perpetrated bythe prejudices of the world.    So that, at last, however reluctantly, I am forcedto confess, that many grave, and wise, and goodseen, are not very far out of the way in theiropinion, that Mr. Garrison is a 'great public sence.' great public sence.  And now let me see what I have said that is 'fabellous,'or a 'malignant attack' upon Mr. Garrison's'religious character,' I quoted the law of this Commonwealth,against Blasphemy, R.S., chap. 130,sec. 15, and stated that, according to the report, inthe Boston Daily Advertiser of May 10, 1850, Mr. Garrisonwould be guilty of Blasphemy, had thewords been uttered in Massachusetts. I also saidthat, upon other occasions, Mr. Garrison had utteredsimilar thoughts, publicly, in this Commonwealth;and I added an expression of my hope, that, shouldMr. Garrison repeat this disgusting and impudentblasphemy within our jurisdiction, the grand jurywould perform a very simple and intelligible duty.All this I very deliberately reiterate. fabellous malignant attack religious character I selected my report of the New York proceedingsfrom the Boston Daily Advertiser, because Ihave great confidence in the carefulness of the editorof that paper, in regard to the statements therein—his predictions, respecting the cost of the terworks, always excepted. I predicated my opinion, asI stated in my first article, upon the report in thatpaper, which agrees, in all material points, with suchother reports as I have seen. Now, if that reportdoes Mr. Garrison injustice, he will complain to Mr. Hale,if be thinks it worth while. If the report doesnet do him injustice, let the reader impanel himselfand try the issue—blasphemy or not Here followsso much of the report as applies to the point: his predictions, respecting the cost of the terworks, always excepted.  Mr. Garrison opened the meeting by calling uponany person who wished to offer prayer. some persondid so. Mr. Garrison having read some passages selectedfrom the Bible—a book which, he said, 'some personsconsidered to be the word of God'—the Treasurerseed the annual financial report. The receiptswere $7,789; the expenditures, $7,408. Mr. Garrison than addressed the meeting. He declaredthe tests by which men are accustomed toJudge of personal piety to be utterly worthless. TheRomich Church was entirety a slaveholding Church.The priests bought and sold men and women. Butslavery was a mother sin. Therefore threw could beno piety in the Romich Church. Captain Rynders—(who act in the gallery near the)—Will the speaker allow me to ask whetherthe Romich Church is alone in her slaveholding?  Mr. Garrison—The gentlemen dies not understandme. If he will have a little patience, I should abundantlysatisfy him on that point. (Laughter.) The Episcopalians. Presbyterians, Baptists andMethodists work then disposed of by an equally summaryprocess. They countenanced slavery, and slaverywas a moral iniquity; therefore the churches hadno piety. The speaker attacked the inspiration of the Bible.The question of inspiration, he said, was worth nothingin the present age. The greatest amount of immoralitywas compatible with the highest degree ofveneration. The Bible had become the most popular,the most fashionable book in America. It was notdifficult to believe in a fashionable book, and faith inthe Bible was no clue to oral conduce. So thus of the dogma of different kinds.—Southernslaveholders believed in universal depravity, and bytheir example went for to prove its truth.(Hisses.)The  telegraph had been of more benefit to thehuman family, than all the discussions, since theworld began, upon the atonement, redemption, &c.(Hisses.) So with regard to ordinances and publicworship. These were not evidences of moral characterbecause observance of them is fashionable andtherefore worthless. All church organizations wereno more sacred than the boots and shoes which menmanufacture.  Ditto of the observance of the Sabbath. The dogmathat the observance of the Sabbath day will havethis nation, the speaker  as a 'dog thatwould da the notice.'    Ditto faith in Christ. This belief in Jesus, wereit, he asked, any evidence of a men's goodness? Some one in the audience responded, apparentlyfrom the gallery, 'Yes, sir.' Whereupon Mr. Garrisoncontinued—'I say no. In, this country, Jesushas become obsolete, and faith in Jesus is obsoletealso. Jesus does not meddle with the great nationalchurch of this country. He may be found in thePresidential chair, for Zachary Taylor believes in Jesus.Jesus believe in war, and in giving the Mericanshell—' Some one in the audience, unable longer to controlhis emotions, called out, 'This cannot be tolerated.It cannot be endured by the people of the UnitedStates;' and considerable excitement prevailed allover the house. It appears that Mr. Garrison permitted any one toprey that felt it to be of any use; and he read, passagesfrom the Bible, 'which,' he said, 'some personsconsidered to be the word of God.' permitted some personsconsidered to be the word of God. The report published by Mr. Hale in his Daily ofmay 10th, is taken from the New York CommercialAdvertiser. It seems not to have been prepared bythe common reporter, and its unthoiulty ti lished by the following editorial passages.    THE AMERICAN ANTI-SLAVERY —For which it is not necessary to explain, we attendedpersonally the anniversary of this Society, atthe Tabernacles, this morning and are consequentlyable to give a correct account of the scenes exactedthere. HE MERICAN NTI LAVERY   Now far the editor of that journal considered Mr.Garrison guilty of blasphemy, to be gathered fromthe following paragraph: blasphemy Mr. Garrison then continued, amid some interruptionsand hisses and remonstrances, his sickening anddisgusting blasphemies, until, by the mere sufferanceof the audience, he had wearied himself out. Hespoke in a very subdued manner. Every good citizen—every friend of law and order—must out his face, like flint, against the proceedingsof Rynders and his gang. No man ofcommon sense, however indignant he may feel towardsa body of men who wage open, war upon theConstitution and the word of God—no man, unlesshe is of opinion that two wrongs can be  twistedas to make a right, will for a moment tolerate thesuppression of one of these meetings, however closelytheir doings may reasonable the celebrated 'HellFine Chubs,' in the reign of George I., by any otherpower than that of the law. But, as Gifford said, ina letter to Murray—'even the painter's devils havesouls to be saved'—the police of New York and ofother cities must be supposed to have some regardfor the Constitution, and some respect for the Bible;what an odious task, then, must be theirs, to preservesorder in an assembly gathered expressly to assailthe Constitution—to expose the Holy Scripturesto contempt and ridicule—and to revile the characterof the President of the United States, thanwhom, since the days of Washington, this countrysaver had a wiser or a worthier! Upon the whole,I consider the office of police man, reared with acontinent of respect for the Constitution, and of for the Bible, as decidedly more tryingand odious, than employed, than in the work of catchingfugitive slaves for .      
