 The anniversary meeting of the 'American Anti-SlaverySociety,' in New York, last week, were inthe highest degree disgraceful—on the part, notonly of the base mob headed by Rynders, but alsothe members of the society, led by Garrison andDouglass. There was a pre-concerted plan, it appeared,by Rynders and his associates, to break up themeeting; and this object was effected after severalscenes of disturbance and threatened violence. Ryndersin this disgraceful affair, appears as badly as couldbe expected from one of his habits, associations, andcapacities; but Garrison, on the opposite side, hasnot placed himself any higher in the scale of respectability and decency than his opponent, from whom,considering his association and attainments, morewickedness is looked for. and decency than his The sentiments of Garrison, uttered at differentstages of the meeting, exhibit a state of mind towhich the term 'infidelity' is hardly had enough todo justice. Abuser Kneeland, in has blasphemous tirades,could hardly ascend the wickedness of Mr. Garrison. The interference of the Rynders mob was a mostunjustifiable, base, and cowardly affair—such asought to be put down by ballets, if it could not bechecked in any other way. Even Garrison ought tohave the liberty of uttering his abominable sentiments,if he can get any body to hear him. At anyrate, he should not be stopped off mob law. Yet we cannot wonder that the malignant vituperationof Garrison, and his blasphemous tirades, didexcite an uproar. Even those who condemned everyact of Rynders on the occasion, could not sympathieswith ha opponent. Every religious feeling, and allthat a dear and sacred, were insultingly assailed,and in a manner watch indicated that the speakerhad no higher object than to excite the worst passionsof all opposed to him, and the indignation of anotherclass, who entertaining sympathy for his anti-slaverysentiments, were reluctantly obliged to hear hisirrelevant abuse, If Rynders was prepared to heada mob, Garrison was as ready to start the disturbance.We cannot see, in a consideration of thecauses of this disreputable tumult, that either of thesegentlemen stands superior to the other. Mr. Garrison and his party have seen, on this common,a fair specimen of the 'free meetings' theyhave so earnestly contended for. They can now realizethat too much freedom is worse than no freedomat all. They have contended for the right to enterany meetings, on the Sabbath, or at any other time.and some of them have actually attempted to carrytheir theory into operation. Rynders, in his drunkeninterference with the meetings of the AmericanAnti-Slavery Society, did but follow the example ofthe prominent members of that Society, who have,in the same manner, in this vicinity, attempted tobreak up meetings of public worship on the Sabbath.In the failure of their Quixotic attempts to introducetheir beautiful system, they have complainedof the tyranny of the law which defeated them—thatvery law which saved them, in New York, frompersonal harm. The police was leaned on, by thesenon-resistant reformers, for protection against theviolence of the mob, whose brutal passions they hadpurposely kindled. The no-government faction have experienced apractical operation of their own mob-law theory.How do they like it? Their meeting has been convertedinto such a 'free speech' tumult as they endeavoredto make our Sabbath assemblages for worship.Do they admire the result? An appropriatecomment on this triumphant operation of their charmed'free meting' policy would be found in theclaims of N.P. Rogers, Henry Clapp, and other reformers,who have pictured, with nervous enthusiasm,the beauties of such meetings. It is time for Garrison and his associates to examinethe grounds which they have maintained; for ifthey do not retract, they must justify the Ryndersmob is every insulting effort to disturb and break uptheir convention. They will do well to consider,also, how far from doing good to any body, and,sentiments like those of Garrison at the New Yorkmeeting. Do they expect reasonable men, people ofcommon sense and common decency, to unite in anyanti-slavery operations which can be carried on onlyby the advocacy of doctrines so revolting? It wouldbe better for the African race to be doomed to perpetualbondage, than to be liberated by such meansas Garrison would advocate. More than that, theywill be so doomed, if Garrisonism prevails. If theAmerican people are to understand that slavery canfall only by the downfall of the American Union, theoverthrow of the Church, and the repudiation of theBible, they will say, Slavery, then, for ever!—and'all the people,' in all the world, 'will say, 'AN!' for ever! N  
