 Garrison's bead of nigger minstrels, consisting ofPhillips, Foster, Abby Kelley, Fred, Douglass, Garrisonhimself, et id genus omne, have been in townduring the past week, giving concerts, and coiningvarious games of that sort. They opened the blackball at the Tabernacle Tub—the den of iniquitiesper excellence—to an extensive audience of black andwhite spirits, and spirits of intermediate shades, andtuned their harps of discord to that famous niggerair composed and arranged expressly for this band ofwhitewashed niggers, called 'Clear the track,' whitefolk, the niggers are coming. This music was originallycomposed by Garrison, though the rival band,the Hutchinsons, have, of late years, gained comenotoriety by appropriating like song to their ownnee. Though the Hutchinson are but 'a weak invention,'compared with Garrisons band, still theyhave become of some note by thrusting themselvesinto the society of niggers whenever occasion hasoffered—and more particularly by forcing themselvesinto Garrison's concerns, and endeavoring to take thewind out of the sails of this old and well establishedband. Particularly has this been the case sinceGarrison has been giving concerts during this lastvisit—but more of this by and by. At the first concert,at the Tabernacle, by Garrison's niggers, theapplause and enthusiasm was so uproarious, that 'itwas impossible for the niggers to be heard—theirminstrelsy was entirely drowned, the audience preferringto hear their own voices rather than others;and although the great regulator, Capt Rynders,was on hand to keep the peace, and exerted himselfto that effect, still the niggers could not be heard.The first concert terminated in a grand uproar, andadjourned to the Society Library—throwing Horace,Greeley, and the virtuous community at his heels,into an alarming paroxysm of sympathy for their'half-brother' brethren. Their next concert was attemptedat the Society Library, but here the Hutchinsonfamily appeared, and instead upon singing,whether the audience were willing or not, and inspite of Garrison's niggers, Capt. Rynders, TomCarnley the sheriff, and the rest, niggers and whites,mixed and speckled, model artists and ail, they didsing—they carried their point triumphantly. Garrison'sniggers were entirely drives from the track,and their concerts in this city prematurely broughtto an and end—and we hope forever. Several papershave shown a disposition to censure Capt Ryndersand his party, bat this is all wrong. Capt. Rynderswas there to support Garrison's right to vilify theUnited States, and all the Presidents of fromWashington to Taylor—and if he failed, we  noreason why he should be coned: many a betterman has failed before him. et id genus omne excellence    On the other hand, we think he deserves the meedof praise. Can Garrison, Fred Douglass, or his half-brotherGreeley, do mere? Certainly not. Whennext Garrisons' niggers perform, may me be there tosee. 
