 The Paine was a professed lover of liberty, andfor aught we know, a sincere one. His politicalwritings burn with an eloquence that, but for asingle drawback, would even at this day, commandthe attention and warm op the hearts of true menevery where. That drawback was the fatuity withwhich be waged war against all things sacred. Hemaligned religion, cursed Christianity, vilified itsworshippers, and kept himself in merciless antagonismto the holiest tendencies of his time. His 'Ageof Reason,' which embodied the infidel spirit of theJacobinical epoch, was not the argument of a sober-minded,sincere, and earnest philosopher, but therhapsody of a wild, hypocritical, canting demagogueof the lowest order. He was a reformer, a patriot, arevolutionist; but his reform would have been atheism,his patriotism the recognition of any thing butthe Bible of his country, and his revolution thesubstitution of man's weakness for the omnipotenceof God. He wrote and spoke for the rights of thepeople as against their human oppressors, and therein did well; but at the same time, he labored to involvethem in the most grievous wrongs against theirbenevolent Protector, and therein did mischief enoughto make his name infamous. We have a few men near as at this time, who,with a virtue of external character that. Paine neverpossessed, yet, like him, would reform the people,and restore degraded humanity to its rightful throne,only by trampling upon religion and blaspheming itsAuthor. The proceedings at the recent meeting ofthe American Anti-slavery Society in New Yorkjustify the strong language which some of our religiousand secular contemporaries in that city use toexpress their disapprobation of the speech of Mr.Garrison. When his remarks were first reported, itwas difficult to believe they had been made, suchwas their indecency, their, profanity, their markeddefiance of all that is good and beautiful and exaltingin religion. Paine's anathemas were ethical maximscompared with Garrison's. fulminations. How professingChristiana, with a particle of sincerity or self-respect,could listen to them, is to us inexplicableon any other ground than a possible conviction intheir minds that the speaker was a madman, whoseblasphemies were so palpable that none could be offendedor deluded by them. And this is the manwho undertakes to lead off. a great reform movement—whoarrogates to himself, and the few that upholdhim, all the humanity of the age! It is not for us to deal with the motives of thosewho encourage, by their presence and sympathies,these worse than infatuations. Fanaticism, originatingin the best of purposes, and running riot into thefiercest excesses, cannot, we are aware, be easilysevered from' any cause; nor is it probable, so longas one portion of the race wars against the other,making reforms at all times a necessity that good impulseswill always be directed in healthy and safechannels. Yet it may not be inopportune to remark,what the history of all reforms under the Christianera will fully confirm, that the purest cause is retardedby mixing it up with enormities from which allreligious sensibility recoils. The demands of humanitycannot be mot by denying the claims of Christianity.Slavery never can be abolished to any purpose,if the despotism of evil is to take its place. If thefate of the three millions in bondage depended uponthe efforts of Garrison, eaten up as he is with hostilityto the noblest of our free institutions, onereight well despair. The recent attempt rend the Bible out of existence,and to sap the foundations of religion,—andthis is an essential ingredient in the abolition reform—will throw the true came of emancipation back everywhere, unless Christian philanthropists see to it thatthey nave no part nor lot in the promotion of thoseexcesses to which we have reformed. Emancipationis a Christian, not an infidel enterprise, and it canonly be achieved upon Christian principles. Letthose who unwittingly aid and abet the aberrations ofdiagnosed atheism, as Garrisonism assuredly is reflectthat by so doing they aim a deadly blow at thereform they seek to effect. 
