 It is a matter of much speculation with many,how the thousands of fugitives, that year after yearfind their way into Canada, manage to subsist.They come empty-handed, with no wealth but theirbones and sinews; and even these they dare notfully call their own till they tread the free soil ofCanada. But, unlike every other class of men, thefugitive is not poor, even in his poverty. He feelshimself rich. It is wealth to him more preciousthan the gold of California to own himself. Talknot to him of deprivation and want; he has beenreared in the school of adversity; he is not afraidof suffering; he has learned how to endure; he iswilling to take liberty just as he finds it, and thankHeaven for the boon. The first thing he asks foralter he gets on free soil is work, and be keeps onseeking for it till he finds it, and when he finds it,he perseveres in it. The fugitives who cross over by way of Detroitinto Windsor all seek employment, and become industrioussubjects. The fugitives in Canada aresaid by some to be an idle, vicious, lazy, and thievishset. That there are people in Canada, bothwhite and colored, who answer to that description,we will not pretend to gainsay. That the fugitivesin Canada, as a class, answer to the description, weemphatically deny. Look at the fugitives scatteredover the Free States, and they will be found everywhereto sustain the character of an industriousclass of people. Why should it be otherwise?They are a class of people who are enured to labor,and are accustomed to its fatigues; and though theyhate to labor under the stimulation of the lash, yetthey love it when urged upon them by the incentiveof cash. However the colored race in Canada maybe abused, slandered and vilified by some of theleading newspapers in Great Britain as well as theUnited States, yet it is a fact which no penetratingmind can overlook, that England can bestow herprotection and patronage on no class of people thatwill prove more true to her interest and welfarethan these very same fugitives and their descendants.A half century hence will unfold some ofthe beneficial results that will necessarily flow fromthe circumstance of the protection which Englandnow offers to the fugitive. Canada is destined tobecome the stronghold of the colored race in NorthAmerica; not because the climate is more congenialto the constitution of the colored race than it is thewhite, bat from the force of circumstances. Canadashould be settled by colored people as a matterof policy. We must have a foothold somewhere,contiguous to the Middle States, and there is noplace which offers greater facilities, stronger protection,or a larger share of political rights, thanthe Canadas. 
