 SPRINGFIELD, Aug. 18, 1860. PRINGFIELD DEAR GARRISON—Some weeks since, an article appearedin the Springfield Republican, entitled, 'What,shall be Done with the Darkies!' which I thoughtunjust to our colored brothers, and to our commonhumanity. I wrote on article in reply; but, as it wasdenied an insertion in that paper, I send it to you,thinking that it may perhaps interest some of yourreaders. I enclose, also, the Republican's article. EAR ARRISON Republican What,shall be Done with the Darkies! Republican's Truly yours, A.F.R. To the Editor of the Springfield Republican: To the Editor of the Springfield Republican: In your last Saturday's paper is an article underthis heading. I wish, with your permission, to saya few words on the same question. Eighteen hundred years ago, the man of Nazarethtaught, 'It thine enemy hunger, feed him; if hethirst, give him drink'; and 'inasmuch as ye havedone it unto the least of these my brethren, ye havedone it unto me.' I marvel that, in this Christianland, there can be any doubt as to what shall bedone with these helpless creatures, brought againsttheir will, and landed upon our shores. Plainly,they are 'hungry, and naked, and sick, and inprison'; and the command cannot be evaded, 'thatye minister unto them.' Christian The proposition of Mr. Pennington, that they betaken into families, to be taught and trained, is .considered absurd; and yet the advocates of slaverycontinually urge that slavery is a blessing to thenegroes, inasmuch as it brings them in contact withChristians, and thus becomes a means of convertingthem to Christianity. Does the fact that these negroesare free destroy all the effects of that intercoursewith Christians, and render their conversionto Christianity more improbable than if they wereslaves? Then, indeed, the converting power lies inwhips and thumb-screws, in starvation and blood-hounds,in insult and outrage, rather than in thetruths of Him who came to 'preach liberty to thecaptive, and the opening of the prison-doors to themthat are bound.' How does it happen that Christians arc so willingto give their money to send missionaries to theheathen,— to tho Marquesas Islands, for instance,—where cannibalism still exists, and yet are so horrifiedat the thought of attempting to Christianizethese heathen who are brought to our country?There is certainly no danger that they will eat us;and though they do not speak the English language,neither do the heathen to whom the missionaries aresent. We are a great people, and it seems to methat a few negroes scattered among us would learnour manners and our religion much faster, thanwould a nation of heathen under the teaching ofmissionaries who occupy the same relation, in pointof numbers, to them, that these negroes do to us.And yet, in the face of all this, it is said that 'suchnegroes as these at Key West are good for nothingbut to put into gangs'! It is asserted that 'the best and wisest of thecolored race have always manifested incapacity tolead in efforts for the elevation of their class'—'they cling to white society, and manifest the greatestdisinclination to set up for themselves.' Theisland of Hayti is entirely overlooked In this sweepingassertion. There, the negroes have 'set up forthemselves,' and they do it honorably and respectably;and if any of the colored people desire to emigrate,they need not go into the wilderness, and attemptto found a new empire, for already have thepeople of Hayti invited their brethren, in this countryand in Canada, to become common owners of acountry bought with kindred blood. Again, 'If the negroes had any pluck, if thebest of them had a particle of the spirit of thewhite man, they would long before this time havefounded a colony by themselves, and when a cargoof brethren should arrive, proudly step forward anddemand them.' They step forward, and demandcargoes of their brethren! Why, the great Stateof Massachusetts sent a commissioner. Judge Hoar,to South Carolina, to obtain legal redress for theseizure and imprisonment of her colored seamen, inviolation of constitutional rights. And what wasthe answer South Carolina returned to Massachusetts?Judge Hoar was ordered to leave Charleston,under threats of violence, and Massachusettssubmits to the insult! Where is the pluck ofMassachusetts? They Great numbers of the colored people, at the Northand in Canada, are fugitive slaves. Those who arerecognized by the law as free. Kill, hi oar country,have 'no rights which the white man is bound torespect.' Many of them have brothers and sistersstill in slavery, (Mr. Pennington, if I mistake not,has brothers who are slaves,) and yet it is said theyhave no pluck, because they do not and cannot stepforward and proudly demand these negroes at KeyWest, taking upon themselves the burden whichseems too weighty far the nation to bear, and attemptingwith their small means the education andculture of these barbarians, who would bring suchdismay into the well-appointed families of whitecitizens! These people have no pluck! Why, how camethey here at all? Have they not come from theland of whips and bloodhounds, suffering unheardof hardships for the love of liberty? One camepacked in a box, far too short and too narrow forhim, without food or air, sometimes standing forhours on his head, liable at every station to be discoveredand sent back. Another was cramped andsmothered in the hold of a vessel. One hid himselfin the swamp till the hunt was over, and then, aloneand on foot, with only the North Star for his guide,hiding by day and travelling by night, he has journeyedinto freedom. Still another, with wonderfultact and presence of mind, has passed for a whiteman, and travelled in first-class cars, and put up atthe best hotels, and so eluded suspicion. These peoplehave every disadvantage to contend against.When, at last, they reach the promised land, theyhave no money nor friends; most of them cannoteven read; and they are obliged, from the very natureof the case, to work at some menial employmentthat gives them but a meagre support. It is urged against thorn, that they are ambitiousof living among white men, and have no desire tolive together, and develop a society of their own.This, so far from being an error, is, as it seems tome, their highest wisdom. The best and wisestamong them—the men of genius and of power—have always seen it so. It is the prejudice againstcolor which crushes the free black, and which is tobe fought against and overcome, before the manhoodof the negro will be fully recognized beforethe law, and by the social customs of society. Itis this prejudice which says the negro shall liveapart from his fellows; his children, if they be educatedat all, shall receive their instruction in separateschools; he shall not sit in the same pew inchurch, eat at the same table, nor ride in the samecar with the white man. And because the negroresists this prejudice, and refuses to submit to itsrequirements, it is charged upon him that he has nopluck! Nobody supposes that the wisest course for theIrish and the Germans is to keep up an exclusivesociety of their own, and refuse to mingle with andbecome assimilated to the great mass of the people.It in plain that such a course, so far from having atendency to their improvement, would effectuallycramp and dwarf them. What is good policy forthe Irish and the German, is good policy for thenegro; and it is only pro-slavery prejudice whichtalks about a separate society for them, and a returnto their native country, Africa. How comes it topass that, though some of them have been heremore than two hundred years, Africa is still theirnative country? The white child, born upon oursoil, though its father and mother be foreigners,and cannot speak a word of English, is not held tobe an alien; it is a native of oar country, and entitledto all the privileges of citizenship. But thecolored man is still an African, though he speakgood English, and can trace his descent from theheroes of the revolution! native There is Frederick Douglass, though he is proudto acknowledge that ho inherits his energy, his talents,and his eloquence from his mother, who wasonly a field hand; yet his father was an educatedwhite man, and he as really belongs to the Saxonrace as he does to the negro. But he is censuredbecause 'he apparently never dreams of anythingbetter for his race than freedom, and mixture withwhite society'! Who are his race, the blacks orthe whites? lie belongs to both; and if he hasnatural affection, his instincts and his sympathiesare with both. A man born of a black mother anda white father may be excused, I think, if he doesbelieve in a mixture of races! Is there not scopeenough for all his energies, 'genius and man ofpower' though he be, to break down the partition-wallof prejudice which separate the two races fromwhich he sprang? Nay, is it not a larger plan forprofiting the race of his mother than any narrow,exclusive policy which would nourish and foster thevery prejudice which oppresses them? It is asserted that social equality can never beconceded to the colored race. It is for such men asFrederick Douglass and J.W.C. Pennington toprove the falsehood of such assertion. Alreadysuch men are treated with respect in the communityin which they live. What is attained by individualsof the race, may 'in the good time coming'be attained by the race. It is not in the nature ofthings that genius and talents should not makethemselves respected. The true way for the coloredman to advance the interests of his fellows is not toset up an exclusive society, but to make himself apower in the society where he is already placed. apower R. 
