 TEXAS, August 7th, I860. EXAS I came to Texas this Spring, with a view of engagingin mercantile business at some town or citynear the sea coast, where greater freedom of thoughtand opinion prevails than in the petty local seats ofGovernment, county towns. Bat I find with myviews, moderate as they are, without any attemptat propagandism, that there is but little safety toany one from the Eastern States, consistent withthe free interchange of even merely conversationalsentiment; and since I have been residing here—only the short space of three months—a manifestexacerbation of that insane feeling of opposition toeverything Eastern (except goods, wares, and merchandise,)has taken place. All 'Northern' men,even of permanent residence, are looked on distrustfullyon the slave question. It is said their education,previous residence, hereditary influences, &C.,render them unsafe for reliance on that 'tender,vital question to the South.' Even a sentimentwhich I heard expressed by a native Southerner wascondemned as disloyal to the interests of the South—to wit, that be wished there had never been such athing as Slavery to disturb toe peace and concord ofthe Union, and limit its powers of usefulness andduration, to. He previously occupied a popularposition, but it is quite a different one now. tender,vital question to the South. Some events of late occurrence in Texas, which, inmy opinion, (formed upon doe and full inquiry,)have no connection with Anti-Slavery movements atthe East, have wonderfully excited the whole peopleof the State eastward of the Rio Grande region. Iallude to the burning of the village of Dallas, andother successful incendiaries and extended movementsin the upper part of Texas—charged to thedebit of Abolitionists, but toe facts are these, in allprobability. The frontier parts and dividing linesof new States are always subject to the accumulationof a class of persons who are fitted and readyfor every variety of excitement and crime. Teasand Arkansas (although peace and order and escortsof property and parson now generally prevail inall of the settled and developed puts of those States,)on their western frontier and dividing lines have agoodly proportion of these wild and violent populationincluding horse and cattle thieves, negro thievesand roadside robbers. An association of them, wellorganized and appointed, exists, and their modes ofoperation hare been attended with a great amountof success. It is to this band of villains that theIndian troubles on the extreme northwest frontier ofTexas is attributable. Some of the band go into theneighborhood, seek work, obtain employment, andremain long enough to secure sufficient knowledge ofthe lay of the land, the stock of horses, &C. Subsequently,one or two of them will come down with abody of Indians, and drive off the stocks of horsesand mules, and committing other depredations.The injured people, without discrimination, regardingall Indiana as enemies, have broken up the well-arrangedreserves and towns of the peaceful andfriendly Indians on the head of the Brazos River,who would, if permitted to remain, have proved abarrier to the incursions of the Prairie and Mountaintribes. The slave disturbances among theChoctaws and Cherokee Indians, in the territory ofthe United States in Arkansas, are owing also tothis organization, planning and effecting variancebetween the slaveholding and non-slaveholding Indians;the former, in alarm, sell those negroes, andthese disturbers purchase them very low, bring themto Southern Texas, and realize large profits. Thereare now a great many Indian-reared negroes in thecotton plantations on Old Carrey, Colorado, andBrazos Rivers, near the coast. Intending to avail themselves of the confusion andalarm that would result from a negro insurrection,in an extended sacking of the country near to Dallas,inhabited by wealthy people, they incited thenegroes to an insurrection on the first Monday inAugust, when every one nearly would be absentfrom home at the State election; but two or threemembers of the clan, who had suffered at Dallas,giving rein to their passions, commenced devastatingthe country before the day appointed for a generalmovement. All hope of a successful insurrection isfutile. All white people—Abolitionists (of whomthere are many in the Northern counties of Texas)as well as others—would be compelled to join andput it down, for there would be no controlling thenegroes. These nefarious—and fortunately unsuccessful inthe main—plans are charged in the minds of everyone who expresses an opinion, and no one is reserved,to an organized movement of the Anti-Slavery partyof the Eastern States. Nothing will or canchange this impression; it is continually gainingstrength Vigilance Committees are being organizedin every county, patrols ride nightly, every persona stranger is closely questioned and scrutinized,and to disclose on the part of a stranger a Northernaccent or origin, he is at once suspected of being apossible Abolitionist emissary. The public prints,as you will perceive, are rife with charges and accusations.It will be unsafe directly for the agentsof Eastern mercantile houses to pursue their legitimatebusiness here, in opposition to whom there are,without doubt, persons resident who wish to takethose agencies of sale and supply of Eastern housesout of the hands of all Eastern men, so as to monopolizeit themselves. No matter how well disposedor quiet an Eastern man hero may be, he iscontinually questioned and annoyed, and distrusted.So a residence here in Texas is at this time exceedinglyunpleasant, and were it not for the delay incidentto disposing of my goods, I should departhence without delay at once. Should this state ofthings progress, there will soon be a cessation ofsocial intercourse between persons of Eastern andSouthern birth, and a total aberration of personalaffection, leaving nothing to bind society in civilitiesbut the dependencies and necessary mutualities ofinterest. 
