 The celebration of the anniversary of the WestIndia Emancipation, at Chatham, was, if we judgefrom the number attending it, a joyful day. The conduct of the people on the occasion seemedto express the idea with a grandeur that could notbe overlooked by the bitterest opposer—that thepeople engaged in it had a proper appreciation ofthe heaven-born boon they were celebrating. Thousandsof them congregated in a small circle whichan observer could scan at one glance of the eye; andin all that concourse, not one intoxicated man or boycould be seen staggering, nor the yell of fight to disturbthe peace and harmony of the day did we witnessduring the several hours we passed through thecrowd. The dedication service of the church was attendedwith a solemnity becoming the occasion. A numberof ministers were present, and assisted the worthypastor, Rev. C.W. Prince, and Rev. W.U. Jones,the agent, in the ceremonies. The discourse was deliveredfrom Genesis, 28th chap., 17th verse. A more attentive congregation during the deliveryof the discourse we seldom ever witnessed; andit afforded us great satisfaction to use so large andorderly an assemblage in Canada; and it would, indeed,be an example for many of the most agedchurches in some other regions of country claimedto be far in advance of us here. Not a person lefthis seat, and the eyes of the people seemed fixed onthe speaker, as if truly desiring to hear every wordhe would say unto them. The singing, too, was attractive,and the songs of praise were chimed forthin lofty notes by a choir in the gallery, in honor toGod. The amount collected we did not learn, buta more particular account may be expected. We would calculate that from four to five thousandwere present on the ground about the church,and speaking we going on at the grove at the sametime with a great crowd there, we were informed.Fire hundred and ninety-nine persona went up on aspecial train of cure from Windsor, Detroit andneighboring country, and a 'learner took up a number.All returned home safe, with no bones broken,no lives lost, nor anything to spread a gloom overthe minds of the people, as we were called to noticein the celebration of our neighbors, on the anniversaryof their independence on the 4th of July. Somuch for the people that can't take care or themselves! 
