 WEST RANDOLPH, July 29, 1860. EST ANDOLPH William Wells Brown from Boston, formerly a'chattel personal' in one of our Southern States,has been spending a few days in this vicinity, endeavoringto create a deeper anti-slavery sentimentin the hearts of the people (in whom lies the powerto raise the lever that shall move the world); andhis addresses were characterized by urbanity of manners,logical argumentation, and effective eloquence. Amidst the bold avowals at the present time,that slavery is a humane and even a divine institution,and that negroes are incapable of self-cultureand advancement, degrading to the society of thewhite race, too immature in their best estate to beentrusted with the responsibility of oaring for themselves,fit only for slaves,—it seems to be the dutyof all who would eradicate such false and unjustviews to take due notice of the frequent instances,not only of equal, but superior attainments achievedunder discouragements and at great disadvantage byindividual members of the colored race. For if by Divine decree the black race was doomedto perpetual servitude, how, consistent with the holyattributes of impartiality and justice, can there bedeviations from that law, or how be implanted intheir breasts aspirations and unquenchable longingsfor the boon of freedom which they were doomednever to enjoy? Far be it from me to dwell upon aphase of the subject that calls upon the finite tovindicate the consistency and justice of the Infinite. Alas, that man should have sought out so manydeviations from the path of rectitude and honor,and then attempt to wrest authority from Heavenfor disregarding his highest and holiest convictions! Mr. Brown has written two dramas illustrative ofslavery, and these he read on different evenings atWest Brookfield: 'A Leap for Freedom,' and 'Howto get a Backbone.' The first, by entering into thedetails of life in the 'great house,' and is the slavequarters, and by relating the experience of 'Glen'and 'Melinda,' two slaves who dared to love eachother, and alter cruel abuse became desperate enoughto make a hazardous leap for freedom, convulsesthe house with laughter, and them anon subdueswith tender and thrilling-pathos. The latter involvesa moral of great significance, yet is in someof its scenes exceedingly ludicrous. It describes aNew York Democrat of the Tammany Hall school,intimate with Mayor Wood and Capt. Rynders, whogot elected delegate to the Charleston Convention,and was so jubilant thereat that he made a greatspeech, declaring his devotion to the whole country,lauding the institution of slavery, and the chivalryand magnanimity of slaveholders, and deprecatingin wholesale terms the sectionalism and fanaticismof anti-slavery men. He sent numerous copies ofhis speech to Charleston and vicinity to secure forhimself a timely reputation, and finally decided tomake a roundabout trip In the South before theconvention convened. whole While stopping in a town on the Mississippiriver, he was kidnapped and sold into slavery. Allhis protestations that he was a gentleman from NewYork, and belonged to the legal profession, a Democratand a pro-slavery man, and a delegate to theCharleston Convention, were received as 'gammon;they had heard such looking niggers as he talk before,'and before he could get relief from his Northernfriends, he bad the felicity of testing the institutionhe believed so just, and feeling upon hisown back the scourgings of the lash. This experienceis given in a manner that creates heartylaughter. Mr. Brown imitates to perfection the dialect ofthe negroes, and in presenting the other charactersshows a decided talent for dramatic reading. Thedramas contain passages of rare beauty. An apostropheto the North Star, that faithful guide to thefugitive, is sublime; and the conscious manhood ofthe slave, with all his burning thoughts when heresolves to have freedom or death, appeals to thehearers with a power which sets at defiance all thearguments in favor of the vile system. It is scarcelypossible for a white man in his utmost devotion soto identify himself with the bondman as to realizeto an audience the awful condition of the slave, ascan the slave himself when ho has made his wayfrom bondage, and developed those powers which inslavery must have lain dormant till the day of hisdeath. When we moot with talent, education, cultivatedaccomplishments, and an ability to interestand elevate mankind, and the possessor claims kindredto the despised race, we are awed into shameand indignation at the arrogance and wickedness ofthat assumption of power which robs a fellow-beingof the heritage of his birthright. Mr. Brown expects to return to Vermont eremany weeks, and will probably road his dramas indifferent places. A.H. 
