 KING'S HOTEL, July 8th, 1860. ING'S OTEL To the Editors of the Missouri Democrat: To the Editors of the Missouri Democrat GENTLEMEN—I arrived here last night from Lexington,Mo., where I was publishing the Citizen'sPublic Advertiser, and whence I was driven, on Fridayafternoon, by a mob of infuriated individuals, Ifor the following cause. ENTLEMEN On Friday morning, I inserted the names of theRepublican candidates for President and Vice President,and underneath remarked, as well as I can remember,these words: 'We hoist the names of ourcandidates for President and Vice President thismorning, and will give our reasons for this step tomorrow.' In about one hour after the edition of the paperwas printed, and immediately after the city circulationhad been distributed, E. Winser, InsuranceAgent, sent his little boy to my office with a copyof the paper, and directions not to send any morepapers to his office; and shortly after Mr. Winserhimself appeared, and brought with him a noticethat my policy of insurance on my office, in theAetna Company, would be cancelled that day (Friday)at noon. I said to him, 'I am sorry to havegiven you cause of offence, Mr. W., but will explainto-morrow the reason of the course I took this morning.'He replied, there will never be another paperissued out of your office, and departed. Shortly alter,about fifteen of the strongest and most violentpro-slavery men in Lafayette county made their appearancein my office, with this same Winser and anemployee of William Limerick, of the name ofShields, heading them, and Winser and Shields, (forthey both spoke at once.) nothing as spokesmen.They denounced me as publishing a paper that injuredand endangered their slave property, and declaredtheir determination that the paper shouldnever appear again in Lexington, either his neutralor Republican; that I should send away my officebefore night, or they would throw it in the river,and that I would have to leave the city, under thepenalty of personal violence. They then seized theedition of my paper, just ready for mailing, declaringthat such a paper should never be sent fromLexington. This man Winser is a member of theM.E. Church South, a Free Mason, and any manwould have taken him to be an order-loving andlaw-abiding citizen, and yet he was foremost in incitingthe mob, and thus endangering the propertywhich, as agent for the Aetna, he had insured, andafter having done so, cancelled the policy! Shieldswas half drunk, and so was another one of the crowd. I closed my office, and went down among thecrowd that was assembled in front of it on the sidewalk,when some of them wanted I should tell themthere what. I would have published on Saturdaymorning, and elevated me in their midst for thatpurpose; and 1 was about to proceed, when they fellto quarreling among themselves, and the most violentof them succeeded in preventing me from explainingmy views and sentiments. I then askedthem if they were going to permit the Republicansof Lafayette county to vote their ticket in November.Several voices in the crowd: 'We will diebefore those names go on the poll-books.' I do not know what was done with my office. Iincline to the opinion that they destroyed it, becausemost of them are drinking men, and when theywould raise their courage, resort to the bottle; andmost of them professed some notoriety gained in oneway or another, by their brave forays into Kansasduring the troubles in the Territory. A great,double-fisted fellow, by the name of Brooks, wasvery anxious that I should give them credit for notinjuring me personally. Such is the manner in which free speech is treatedin Lafayette county. They dare not let truth bespoken in soberness. There were some noble exceptions to the ruffianswho acted such a disgraceful part on Friday, andmy heart warms to them for sympathy expressed insnob decided terms. I have been in Lexington over three years, andI bad been publishing a neutral paper up to Fridaymorning last. S. HARBAUGH. 
